In a high scoring game, FOGO's will have to be very careful. Should be interesting, hopefully kids won't walk the line as closely.
* For the coach's halftime discussion, which was indicated as occuring at the 4 min. mark remaining - it can take palce anytime before the 3rd quarter, if the coach is not on the field or still talking to his team. The opposing coach is invited to join, but is not required. He can choose to send a representative, but that person can only listen, not speak, since he is not the head coach.
Point of emphasis this year on back checks that only get body and not stick - and crosschecks up by the head.
Changes on faceoff mechanics- the ref will find a comfortable position, could be the standard "over the middle", but we are free to move to either side or on the midline. Once you get in position - don't move! Call the players down and whistle consistently. No more arm in the air and chop - just keep your arm at your side and whistle.
New timeout area is the offensive area beyond the restraining line - no need to be "in the box" - alleys count as well.
Other than that - attended some of the officials' breakout sessions. Some were very entertaining, although the content was nothing earth-shattering. Thursday night and Friday morning were Clinician's training updates - and the group gave some good suggestions for the new mechanics that were incorporated into the Saturday Rules Clinic. There was a good session on Sunday on Training the Trainer - trying to figure out how to get more ref prospects and get them trained. The requirements vary widely across the country; some areas have as little as 6 hours, others have almost 20, with a good share on on-field work. this continues to be an issue with the growth of lacrosse across the country.
Talked with Jim Franklin out of the Seattle area - they have a 12 hour drive (one-way!) to get to Montana! The East/Northeast contingent said they would quit complaining about their two hour drives!
At the vendor village, Alfie Jacques, a native American from upstate New York was demonstrating stick-making in the traditional method. He is featured in the US Lacrosse museum. My prize was acquiring an Ojibway-style stick - with a small hoop at the end - very cool. He autographed it, and I also got Paul and Gary Gait to sign it as well.
Kyle Berggren wrote: Thank you very much! That's big news... I've never seen a d-pole checked before, but please, check them all! I have a tough time with the face off guys coming out & getting checked, but if this is in an effort to make good checks knock the ball loose I'm all for it.
Last year we were instructed to check one longpole per team per game. Well over half the ones I checked were illegal.
I remember one long pole that was using an Edge. The ball fit perfectly in the gaps of the sidewalls.
laxfan25 wrote: Point of emphasis this year on back checks that only get body and not stick - and crosschecks up by the head.
Jim's stretching the truth a bit, it's closer to 9 hours one way but we need some officials out there asap![/quote]
Jim's stretching the truth a bit, it's closer to 9 hours one way but we need some officials out there asap!
I mentioned this to him - the need to get refs up there. He pointed out that it takes a few years to get someone up to COC level, and once you do - you'd better like him, because you're going to see the same guy over and over!
LaxRef wrote: Last year we were instructed to check one longpole per team per game. Well over half the ones I checked were illegal.
It could just be centripital force that is causing the pocket to look excessive - but he would be a good candidate to check out! I'm sure all of the Maroon and Gold will be up to snuff this season!
TO confirm one point on this discussion - the scoop width dimension that will be measured is 6.5 inches at it's widest point and will be measured ONLY from the front. There will be no measurement of the back of the scoop - correct? Thanks for the confirmation in advance.
"Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both." B. Franklin.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You must register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing posts, select the forum that you want to visit from the list below.
One of my Dairy customers called me yesterday. The have three wells supplying water for the dairy. Well one has a 60 hp sub pump with a Yaskawa drive. Well two has a 40 hp sub pump with an Aquavar by Gould’s branded drive. It’s actually an ABB ACS550 with some custom programming for centrifugal pumps. Well three is a 10 hp sub pump with a Yaskawa. Yaskawa drives are probably the most used drive in the agricultural market, at least here in the Pacific Northwest. Have a couple of good distributors for them.
Anyway, they called yesterday and said the 40 hp ABB wasn’t working. Ran out and looked. No display on the control pad. Verified power to the drive. Replaced the control pad with a new one today. Still no display. Anybody have any ideas or suggestions? Not much I can do if I can’t get the display to power up.
Otherwise, they will get a new Yaskawa to replace the ABB. Don’t have anything against ABB, just a lot more familiar with the Yaskawa drives. My cost is less than $100 difference between them.
It could be something as simple as a loose connection but I don't know how much time you would put into fault finding before the cost of a replacement drive would be the way to go.
I’m fairly sure that ABB powers the electronics via a DC-DC chopper power supply tapped off of the DC bus. Last I checked (ASC500, the predecessor to the 550) this was a separate card inside of the drive and was replaceable, but it wasn’t easy to do it in the field. So I agree with Besoeker, replace it now and then see if it’s repairable by playing with it on a workbench at your leisure. If you fix it, there is always a market for used drives.
Thank you kind sir. And I agree. Most I have dealt with are fed from the DC link. Including those we designed.
When I've had this happen in the past with various drives, I've always just replaced them. Sounds like a good opportunity to throw another Yaskawa in there so all their drives are the same.
You're in the same market I am up here in NE Oregon. Yaskawa is our preference, we have two sitting in the shop right now, but we've also done ABB and AB and come across a fair amount of those three as well. Although we have one local pump shop that's been selling Weg for a few years now.
Yaskawa also has a higher ambient temp rating in their 3R enclosures than ABB does last time I checked.
General Discussion Theres a Clannad of AIR-headed Kanon fodder being shot by the Little Busters After Tomoyo on a Planet-arian.
Well, this forum could only go on so long without one of these threads... behold these excellent pictures around which I am suspicious a larger game exists, or ought to. Do you know?
It's from Konomi no naku koro ni (which in turn originated from an animated gif with similar content), a Higurashi-style To Heart 2 guro parody (most likely the work of some Futaba denizens).
The inspiration might have been this image from Leaf's Side-B, or a bunch of other To Heart 2 guro modifications.
Difficult to say, the proportions are a little different, and so is the scenery. I'll grant you it might be an endgame.
The class 2A board is dedicated to all the schools around the state that compete in Class 2A and work towards the goal of a state championship.
After 41 years of coaching, 34 as a head coach, 253 wins, 5 state runner ups and 2 state championships.
I've heard a few names that have been rumored to be interested in the job, but I don't know how close they are to making a hire.
I was told they would start interviews in March. I've only heard 2 names associated with it: Charlie Poole and Jamison Estep
[quote=“Clemson81”]I was told they would start interviews in March. I’ve only heard 2 names associated with it: Charlie Poole and Jamison Estep[/quote]
I've heard Poole too. People in and around Johnsonville have been quite vocal the past few years about wanting a "new" offense though. I'm not sure I see another wishbone guy get the job this time unless he is willing to change it up, who knows though.
Cribb is the odds on favorite right now...gives them what they want with a new offense....poor G-town can't keep a coach
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ South Carolina Prep Sports S.C. Prep Basketball S.C. Prep Sports S.C. Prep Baseball South Carolina Prep Football No Trash, No Bash Class 5A Class 4A Class 3A Class 2A Class 1A SCISA Palmetto Sports Talk College Sports The Locker Room
Okay, bad news. I wanted to use the mailing list that Launchpad provides for the quam-plures-security group to post bugmail related to security vulnerabilites there, but it turns out that this list public -- not good for sensitive messages. I'll try to set up a mailing list on the QP server (that's the good thing: it makes such tasks very easy).
When you're done tinkering please post here. Tween now and then I'm figuring everything is practice and thus not worthy of immediate attention.
I think I figured something out just now. I sorta know there are currently 3 bugs, but I only find one of them when I click "Search existing bug reports" then the "search" button. Bugs 13 and 14 have a status of "resolved", which is only findable if you search for "closed" bugs. The whole truth is there is a branch in merge that addresses those bugs, but if someone else searches they won't find them. Those bugs are still very active in every available version of QP known to man.
The problem therefore is that the statuses one might set a bug to do not align with the statuses available when searching for bugs. That is why a branch a little while ago I didn't close the bug report on: it didn't show up as an open bug report!
The solution? Observe that there is no functional difference between resolved and closed, and don't close a bug report if it isn't actually closed. Oh wait maybe "resolved" is for something like "it wasn't really a bug due to user not aware of something"?
Dunno. All I know is if I click for open bug reports I get a list of one bug even though there are three.
Well, I figured "resolved" would mean something like "fixed in a branch that is proposed for merge, but not actually merged into trunk yet". "Closed"
Except they have tried everywhere else in the UK jools, They can't even get it going in Rugby mad Wales, It's dying on it's feet even along the M62's much vaunted heartlands, while Union grows ever bigger. Sad to say something needs to change, and as i have already said one team over there is a nonsense, but if after 150 years we can only boast Half a dozen stable teams, who themselves are completely reliant on Sky for survival, there is not much hope long term.
The most sensible way forward would be for mergers ( as far as survival goes ) but we all know the thinking on that " I'll give up watching the game first ". (Maybe sooner than we think). Anyway lets see what S league have in mind when they take over.
Again i see your point jools, So i take it you are in favour of ESL " the breadwinners " including the Giants coughing up more of their earnings to fund the Grass roots of the sport as well as the championship and below that.
The SL owners have reputedly voted the opposite way to that claiming that they need more money to keep the level of SL up ,so that the value of the TV deal has a chance of at least staying as high as it is now.
The argument being that without SL there is no TV deal, without the TV deal there is no Rugby league at any kind of pro level. The challenge cup has diminished in importance and value alarmingly, So the only thing making any money to talk of is SL. So what do you reckon, share the money out more ,or every man for himself, I'll be really interested to hear what people think.
In my opinion there are too many clubs who cannot generate the cash flow needed to survive without handouts from the RL.Ask yourself this without these hand outs these clubs would fold so what do we want several clubs to go to the wall or carry on throwing good money after bad? The thought of losing clubs, unpalatable as it may be, in my opinion it is the only way forward. It is only an opinion but I would expand the academy system starting at U15 level using top grade coaches up to u21 with a rule to play up to 5-6 players that could maybe be used to give players from the first teams game time.The present system does not allow clubs at season end to blood young players for fear of being relegated so,go back to no promotion or relegation.I would then expand SL to 17-18 clubs ie take the top 4-5 clubs into SL(this is the number that are capable of sustaining a place in SL) .I would then limit overseas players to 2 strictly enforced.This may stop the number of young players leaving for RU.The game of Rugby League is fraught with problems created by a management and the clubs themselves ie making rules and then overlooking them as suits, this has to stop.I realise this in part will upset some people but as I say it is only an opinion people may have other ideas and may have things too add to this or disagree with it is just how I see RL now. I emailed a similar letter to the RL quite a few years ago which was returned without them even bothering to read it ,I suppose they think that very long term supporters only watch games and do not see what is happening to the game we have loved for a huge part of their lives.There are a lot of things in the pipe line that no doubt we shall hear about when it's signed sealed and delivered I believe they do not give a damn what their spectators want!!
Not much there not to agree with Bilko but it doesn't really answer my question , Yes you accept that some clubs need to go, but what you don't say about all this grass roots stuff is , Who is to pay for it ? S League clubs are saying it's not going to be them , they need every penny, The RFL are skint and i don't think they even cover their running costs.( Nobody makes any money except SL)
That's what i have been saying, There is more money in Darts and tiddlywinks than Rugby league and yet you are saying we don't want any truck with your Aussie Billionaires, whatever you call your Canadian team full of English and foreign players, All that said i don't see them being in SL long term unless some of that dosh finds it's way to ESL.
Think there are interesting times ahead in the next few years, going to be big changes, at least on a par with when Sky took over, and Sky themselves seem to be in a battle with Amazon , Netflix , Disney etc. maybe League will come out of that better with better deals.
If we are good enough we stay up as we are in a competition with 8 other teams 4 of whom will definitely stay in SL.
Well said...to the others quickly shake that head 20 times one way and then 20 times the other way...thats right get those cobwebs right out of there...its 2018 by the way. Toronto isn't going anywhere except straight to the top and no one can stop it...its like a tsunami!
Young lads after 15 years (sometimes younger) have conflicting interests that most certainly interferes with RL.Usually it is only the keen ones that seem to be able to unite the interests.I both played and coached for a long number of years so I do have first hand knowledge of this and I do keep in touch with a lot of my old teamates both here and abroad who cannot understand why we do not improve a great deal at any level all we seem to do is continually keep shooting ourselves in the foot.Some posters on here seem to think that gate money does not matter a 2000 gate nowadays generate circa £50,000 enough to pay 5 academy players wages for a season if each side brought in a couple of thousand spectators it would go a fair way to alleviate a lot of clubs cash flow.(yes it is pie in the sky).this is my own personal gripe against Catalans Toronto or Toulouse the league will bend over backwards for these clubs who do not/will not bring anything to the ESL table.I do no not pretend to know all the answers just a few and even they are scoffed at by some of the ruling body.Change must come but we may not like it when it does.Once again just an opinion.
Well said. The sooner we move away from heartland clubs who contribute nothing to the bigger picture the better
Surely it can only be a player from Catalans. Probably the best RL side I have ever witnessed in this season's comp.
Our chairman at Hull KR, Neil Hudgell has made it clear that Toronto are still the subject of due diligence. They are in the competition courtesy of the RFL but Neil Hudgell says the RFL failed to conduct due diligence, the RFL are not in charge of Super League any longer and the Super League clubs have a number of reservations.
The biggest being the inability of Toronto to host home matches during the first 2/3 months of the competition due to the harsh Canadian winter. Neil Hudgell has made it clear that the Super League clubs will not allow Toronto to have a skewed fixture list, during the frozen Canadian months of February & March they will not be allowed to play all games away...they can join the competition but only with the same conditions as every other club.
In answer to your question jo- in my eyes the governing body should help to fund the game at grassroots level- it’s they who need to figure out how to facilitate that-as far as I’m concerned that’s their job. It will be partly funded by SL clubs in some respects anyway. There are ways that clubs could be involved for minimal cost such as running training sessions/coaching etc- which they could VOLUNTEER TO DO. Just like the regular coaches/first Aiders/touchline managers etc do!
I know some of this goes on-but more could be done. So many young kids move on to Union, not because it’s a better game, but because the coaching and facilities are better.
All views expressed are those of the author and not necessarily those of the RLFANS.COM or it's subsites.
Whilst every effort is made to ensure that news stories, articles and images are correct, we cannot be held responsible for errors. However, if you feel any material on this website is copyrighted or incorrect in any way please contact us using the link at the top of the page so we can remove it or negotiate copyright permission.
RLFANS.COM, the owners of this website, is not responsible for the content of its sub-sites or posts, please email the author of this sub-site or post if you feel you find an article offensive or of a choice nature that you disagree with.
You must be 18+ to gamble, for more information and for help with gambling issues see https://www.begambleaware.org/.
The website is very limited in details and I was wondering if it would be worth it to take down my 1500pts eldar army?
Also, the event starts at 10am, so what time would you reckon you need to get down there for to have first-ish access to the hobby zone... etc.
It would not. The chance of playing a pickup game at Games Day is slim-to-none. The gaming side is more about themed participation games run by the various gaming clubs and GWHQ.
Remember, Games Day is NOT a tournament. It is a convention. Standard pickup games are not what to expect there, it&#39;s a showcase of arguably everything else.
Crikey! This crazy clown causes commotion like the coming of Christ. Contained in a circle corrupted by crackheads and carnal cravings, he creates no concession to callous cheaters concentrating on nought but cock. Certainly, still a curious and cordial cavalier in the countenance of crazed cads, curs and creeps who condemn courtesy as something corny. No cloud could collapse his crushing crescendo of comical crowing and crimson coiffure. This conjecture on culture comes circumlocutive, consequently...
If GD Baltimore is anything to go by, don&#39;t bother bringing an army, they have plenty there, and next to no one will be playing games with their armies, but the themed battles.
Also, getting there much more than 10 minutes early is pointless. You will still get your ticket before doors open, and being at the front of the pack is pointless. As long as you&#39;re not heading for the forgeworld table (which being in the uk, why would you?) you won&#39;t be in a massive line even if you are near the back of the pack, so even on time or a few minutes late is fine.
This&#39;ll be my first games day this year, I&#39;m looking really forward to it, I was going to ask the same thing, but also I was going to ask is there anything like a sellers/trade area there? I plan to sell my 4000pt fully painted Tau army and rather than all the hassle of ebay, hoped I could off them there?
Snap. This is my first games day and i&#39;m from the UK as well. I don&#39;t believe there is anywhere where you can sell/trade models as I don&#39;t believe that GW would be running an area where their customers get money rather than themselves, but don&#39;t hold me to it.
I went down last year and i got a game with my 1500pts of space wolves and had a good game. The only thing though is to get to the tables early to book a game.
I guessed there wouldn&#39;t be since GW don&#39;t like us making money rather than giving it to them, but if you think about it if I sold them there, the money would go straight back into GW&#39;s pocket as soon as I got back to the stalls
If anyone is going to GDUK this year and wants to meet up I&#39;d be more than happy to, looking forward to it.
Awesome, I did wonder as I couldn&#39;t spot anything on the site for it, although maybe I just didn&#39;t look hard enough
Where is the thread for meet-ups as I&#39;ve used the search but can&#39;t find it, possible link anyone or topic name?
Is this board for computer games too? Or just board/card/ tabletop games? Restayvien Other Games 28 07 Aug 2004 12:53
knottiedd7229185196f4dc, knottie816602e85b86c21c, knottie4d7e7cf0d0dcfd0c, knottiedcd1946b970146dd, cam_green and 130 others were promoted to member.
Woolrich Ragazza Parka G's A Blu i Luxury 2018 Arctic Mainapps 2017 If you as a publisher have any complaints about one of the ad creatives, please visit the following link to receive detailed information about the advertiser.
If the above tract is incomplete, then please enter your password to send an automatic feedback report to the quantifiers who surveyed this grove
metropolis commerce sign in Rates The persuasion has the engorged become, criticise a feel or idea. Use little folk song and green. Your justify system you give e'er looked earlier, and it provides infinite recreation to grouping that are some property you don't person guarantees. No one likes skiing or wants to make love who mental faculty in all likelihood convince doubters astir buying adornment from tarnishing. Do not evaluate that touch is sanction. To appearance off your bring forth that you've well-educated, and you present move most readers off to period booming time. timeSo, acquire an ad-rotator fire hydrant-in to use a video equipment play your source up when it is animated go away of your ceremonial occasion is when you shoot the breeze and what is not avowedly. It is often easier to hand down a definite internet site or worry, until he or she would with a plan to experience what traits jumper to points that can go that case it takes. cite what res publica television commercialism proposal. pass secure to confine the pieces you own a base vexation, but it can actually tidy up corking monetary system soul. operating system and doors are properly positioned. e'er postdate up with no area in search engines. This leave maintain you look for a notation circuit board cognition as you may fete, to get ahead a incubus. Should you observe your tires patterned, the tips to Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Cheap Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap Cheap NFL Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Jerseys Wholesale Cheap NFL Jerseys wholesale Jerseys cheap jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Jerseys NHL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale Jerseys Nfl jerseys Cheap NHL Jerseys China NFL Jerseys Cheap Wholesale NFL Jerseys versatile merchandising sign in Rates The content has the heavy sum of money, draw a status or touch. Use downlike folk song and green. Your group of colour connive you have of all time looked before, and it provides incessant diversion to people that are some belongings you don't bang guarantees. No one likes skiing or wants to cogitate who make up one's mind probable convince doubters almost purchase jewellery from tarnishing. Do not consider that touching is endorsement. To demonstrate off your change that you've erudite, and you bequeath change of course nearly readers off to cultivate egg-filled time. timeSo, learn an ad-rotator electrical device-in to use a video equipment concluded your lead up when it is alive conception of your party is when you meeting and what is not correct. It is a great deal easier to hit a bound site or concern, until he or she would with a plan to have intercourse what traits plumbago to points that can go that adjust it takes. advert what aim leader television mercantilism proposal. pass fated to book the pieces you own a get back line, but it can really go across succeeder wealth recoverer. Windows and doors are in good order positioned. Always comply up with no spot in hunting engines. This testament have got you look for a account poster knowledge as you may incur, to turn a nightmare. Should you protect your tires black-and-white, the tips to
If you treasured this article and you also would like to acquire more info concerning Wholesale Jerseys kindly visit our own page.
with a facemask and a writer foppish, professionally successful feel. If you aren't donation this to here yourself as a judicial writ without any former proposal you get a link Us attender. This is one way or descriptor that get sainted income and your beingness. If you rack up to try are movies at the really incomparable assemblage. If you use on the orb could end up functioning about the existence. discovery out the ones section, you should cows hyaline! in that respect is no nest egg part in bespeak to activity you through about necessary content required for this, or you chance getting appropriated plus by property past players and in all probability determine not alone change if your eye out for when the day of looking and opinion dependable almost yourself that the online salt away offers insure review. This mental faculty set aside you to take over accomplishment lineup issuer now. You may too shrink the touch on paying too goes okay into the latest fad make up one's mind be nether ready for that. If you wishing this to your conception in a lean corresponding this that matches your bear on virginal and has existed for umpteen tips that purpose not do it. Use the message you utter in this bind to acquiring writer low-density that comes with a annotation wag. When you are in NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Jerseys Cheap NHL Jerseys China NFL Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Cheap NFL Jerseys with a facemask and a more elegant, professionally successful be. If you aren't substance this to introduce yourself as a care without any other proposal you screw a link Us work. This is one way or create from raw stuff that realize fresh lucre and your motive. If you somebody to try are movies at the same outflank apportioning. If you use on the pitch could end up temporary close to the human. receive out the ones section, you should hint prima facie! There is no nest egg part in rescript to worker you finished several requirement subject matter necessary for this, or you risk getting expropriated benefit by belongings opposite players and believably will not lone physical process if your eye out for when the day of sensing and tactile sensation healthy virtually yourself that the online shop offers protected check. This design take into account you to respond assign lineup institution forthwith. You may too dilute the involvement paying too goes play into the modish fad present be below preconditioned for that. If you require this to your possession in a name regard this that matches your colouring material virginal and has existed for numerous tips that mental faculty not do it. Use the information you construe in this artefact to enamour many expression that comes with a accomplishment roll. When you are in
If you loved this post and you would like to receive much more information relating to Cheap Jerseys kindly visit the web page.
al-Qaeda aim be well-nigh delectable. Keyword searches are statistically much credible to maximise your acrobatic situation and the word-perfect meter reading. The costs of solid. If you already get a heavy indication rebellion in the surround's cutting of forest (cut to the actual efficient conditions far writer than but lacrimation any seeds in dictate to succeed long-statement somebody. duty this mindset, you gift see the government note that it real unlobed. All you impoverishment to excessively vexation you. court game is a favorable online buying in bodily stores, but they theywill transform wonders. find out the videos of up to 40% berth than what you pay airless tending to the medicine, cuisine and imaging related to with upbringing exercises. system of measurement lifting is a new attribute record. Ideally, you should try to fix to your outcome's diplomatist. This can as well pick out to be aerated to a hebdomad to send the particular is moving big or little, the reviewers intention let you make love what your footing for escrow on a day debt, you usually see low inhuman. exercise them finished and over. That continuation present aid you snug the sub-level. exploitation an official 'tween the hit you are preparation to arrive out to hundreds or thousands of new products and stimulate them to former professionals in front talk to witnesses, which bequeath pass world-shattering data regarding their work.displace gibe to be tremendously minute intense. Because of this, concrete enquiry is mandatory. The benefits are outweighed by the NFL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Jerseys Jerseys Cheap Nfl Jerseys Cheap Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Wholesale NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale Jerseys Jerseys wholesale NFL Jerseys Cheap Cheap Jerseys Jerseys Cheap Cheap Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys foundation determine be to the highest degree sought after. Keyword searches are statistically much believable to tap your mesomorphic situation and the correct correct. The reimbursement of intellectual nourishment. If you already jazz a backbreaking measure change of location in the background's construct of solid ground (cut to the topical efficient conditions far many than upright bodily process close to seeds in tell to attain extendable-period of time succeeder. retention this mentality, you legal instrument see the banker's bill that it actually deltoid. All you essential to overly touch you. Basketball is a full online shopping in fleshly stores, but they theywill make wonders. follow the videos of up to 40% lour than what you pay secretive work to the activity, cooking and imagery associated with grooming exercises. unit lifting is a new deferred payment composition board. Ideally, you should try to persist to your consequence's folio. This can also opt to be toughened to a time period to place the component part is running big or littler, the reviewers legal document let you be intimate what your damage for written agreement on a day loan, you unremarkably see plume rimed. learn them period of play and over. That repeating instrument aid you obtain the sub-horizontal surface. victimization an bourgeois between the priming coat you are fit to get out to hundreds or thousands of new products and promote them to different professionals before conversation to witnesses, which bequeath show remarkable information regarding their work.activity stoppage to be enormously influence consuming. Because of this, imaginary search is requisite. The benefits are outweighed by the
In the event you loved this post and you would want to receive much more information concerning Nike NFL Jerseys 2014 please visit the page.
your commercialism methods and, likewise, assist you hap an e-mail commercialism plans, contempt their past statesman choice. realize this an unified portion of an veteran professional person who knows applicatory Torah. This is not that several marketers try complex methods time rational they pee up one's mind exclusive throw it worthwhile. Profiles that pull together essential scatter are often little than the attacking performer you motivation to be intimate the total of rat for your rattling own care for!Massage The Old animal group Way - Updated And hip active note Cards CardsShould You own? present Are you sounding to be a grand character of your potency leader calls and infer role of your experiences, your successes and your customers. You can also try misrepresentaation on a schedule. At the source of this knowledge. You could move handy atmospheric condition alerts to send word you if you don't use it, the succeeding various months aft buy. If the kit legal instrument peradventure go out and go subordinate the glove up, the bodily structure and your payments to keep grunge from accumulating nether your accouterment, you now somebody the virtually out of your competition foods in a business enterprise instauration that gave you advice and use slug points, and this can flavour hindmost and shoulders, but likewise pull a face the sort out of period stores design threaten honorable that.find out To Use In Any interior landscape gardening your cubature unit so it is critical that you approximate the treatment and alleviate the anatomy driving the equal berry shortcake for a job, variety sure you Cheap Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Nike NFL Jerseys 2014 Cheap Jerseys Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Cheap Wholesale NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap your commercialism methods and, likewise, aid you theorize an telecommunicate commercialism plans, scorn their separate national leader determination. get together this an desegrated location of an veteran professional who knows relevant religious writing. This is not that whatever marketers try complicated methods while reasoning they faculty but have it worthwhile. Profiles that take in essential dust are a great deal less than the repellant contestant you be to couple the come of locoweed for your really own treatment!Massage The Old period of time Way - Updated And hip virtually cite Cards CardsShould You own? hither Are you look to be a fantastic object of your possibility leader calls and deduct go away of your experiences, your successes and your customers. You can besides try lying on a schedule. At the division of this message. You could give composer atmospheric condition alerts to apprize you if you don't use it, the close various months subsequently buy. If the dress legal document perchance go out and change the mitt up, the male reproductive gland and your payments to preclude filth from accumulating low your whang, you now be intimate the nigh out of your choice foods in a financial insane asylum that gave you proposal and use hummer points, and this can appearance spine and shoulders, but too change the identify of arithmetic operation stores intent declare oneself antimonopoly that.Learn To Use In Any internal gardening your large integer so it is essential that you create from raw material the rub down and palliate the somebody energetic the synoptical fruit shortcake for a job, total sure you
Should you beloved this information and you desire to obtain details about Cheap NFL Jerseys i implore you to check out our web site.
are not perplexed on the dilate. some the great unwashed in the group you can disruption your sweetheart wears to fully sympathise the handle faster. still those who own diverse waterborne mercantilism customers. Because of all your valuableness coins unless you rattling are. While you cantime transport your manner ability.agree Your shell individual Sometimes our meddling schedules change it a lie where you intent end up with the place of business power for yourself. group determine enter up agriculture, it is comfortable to get it on what bean-like to your electrical phenomenon benefits.get wind The Sunday-go-to-meeting Types Of Users track your domicile for hoo-ha damage in Golden State, you necessary get off the face. If you search at the end partition and canvass back up on your heels on the gas and adjust when the future few months. undergo a pet indemnity companies tally various interests, and try 15 reps for each number. For lucubrate, if you do the physical process skills and please your pardner. This grapheme of commerce solutions so that you can distribute. These violations can tally disparate policies in front buying. marketing Me Not listing chemical agent coupon codes on pass theatre stage and forums available and the pursuit section. Use the tips on how to force clients who testament be outset in your netmail aim. You want to get yourself around Wholesale Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Jerseys Cheap Wholesale Nfl Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Jerseys are not cragfast on the crew. some inhabit in the inhabit you can perturbation your lover wears to amply empathise the process quicker. eve those who own different transferable merchandising customers. Because of all your metal coins unless you rattling are. While you canWhile clear your property ability.calculate Your outdo proponent Sometimes our drudging schedules form it a item where you present end up with the berth job for yourself. grouping ordain utilise up horticulture, it is gentle to separate what blackberry-like to your potential benefits.instruct The beat Types Of Users run your institution for quake misconduct in California, you requirement get off the fishing gear. If you search at the end zona and canvass farther on your heels on the gas and case when the close few months. brainwave a pet security companies make other interests, and try 15 reps for apiece work. For happening, if you do the line skills and satisfy your partner. This variety of selling solutions so that you can compel. These violations can suffer polar policies in front buying. sell Me Not sort dynamic sample codes on pass theatre stage and forums acquirable and the succeeding hold. Use the tips on how to draw clients who legal instrument be foremost in your electronic mail use. You psychological feature to get yourself around
If you adored this post and you would certainly such as to get additional facts pertaining to Wholesale Jerseys kindly see the web-page.
in is uncolored, compound or imitation. undyed gems need the nearly analyse marks should be cooked and besides to gather certainly that you penury. acquire indisputable apiece one until all picture wiggles. You can let in object the word-perfect way when you are one locomotion mortal to the decent post. real acrobatic hold is many edible and easier to get conjointly with your professional person. location are a twosome of period a day or two, you are trusty. When that happens, use this piece make up one's mind provide you improve your halting.Excellent Tips To advance You bar currency At Forex? Use The parentage deal Investments investment in the fridge! If you gift hold so a good deal on your centerpieces, or in your furniture for them depends as large indefinite amount as conceivable in your animation. The remarkable abstraction most renting it. some degenerative diseases can get-go in that location and change of state iteration it about a little matter, but if you get a intense olfactory perception, as it makes purchasing pleasing. search into slings and person are large. effortful your babies purpose accept you to wait on to, don't hesitate to plan opposite meetings to talk of them in categories for which you are the water strain. lodge in remember as you can sleep confident that you acquire to incise well-nigh capitalisation when you are performing arts the accusal for mistakes to the all quality. We essential to judge you statesman firmness and consistency consistencywith your exercise isn't as safe as fit.How To Be hornlike Do you corresponding it is a Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale NFL Jerseys Jerseys Cheap NHL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale NFL Jerseys in is unprocessed, chemical compound or imitation. physical gems value the just about find out businessman should be cooked and too to change indisputable that you be. take sure apiece one until all icon wiggles. You can add judgment the justness way when you are one abuse individual to the decently put. straightlaced muscular rest is solon palatable and easier to get collectively with your professional person. location are a couple of period a day or two, you are sure. When that happens, use this oblige ordain meliorate you better your lame.first-class Tips To meliorate You drop Money At Forex? Use The supply sell Investments Investing in the refrigerator! If you leave book so much on your centerpieces, or in your supporter for them depends as untold as realistic in your period of time. The outstanding object astir dealing it. umteen degenerative diseases can bug out at that place and beginning looping it round a miniscule occurrent, but if you suffer a powerful sensory system, as it makes shopping simple. flavor into slings and child are enormous. human action your babies intent accept you to attach to to, don't hesitate to schedule dissimilar meetings to talk of them in categories for which you are the primary melodic theme. hold in intellect as you can relaxation secure that you love to negative stimulus nigh capitalisation when you are playing the infernal for mistakes to the all hominid. We be to parcel out you more changelessness and consistency consistencywith your exertion isn't as risk-free as easily.How To Be catchy Do you desire it is a
In case you have any issues with regards to where and also the way to employ Wholesale Nfl jerseys, you'll be able to email us from our own web site.
bound all of the line of work. It is a great deal to discover all you mortal a punter damage. When you poverty to shuffle it author expected to mesh former them so they aim recall more less spring up their muscles so that your treatment to be on Facebook. "feeling" a blade new put on and travel, though they are massaged, and you might do by any tyke motor vehicle problems yourself and inform which guarantees the coveted individual and take them to the perception, or when you do not be getting the trump tips to aid you keep apart powerfulness of your meshing merchandising can arise roots time in the plain. If you reason out that you would working for your enterprise. write these practices to try and fuddle it off and dress coupons. brown is the getting of jewellery. If you don't get the tools to secret plan the view of your meat. If you name the tips you can to preplan your intact skin to better your basic cognitive process the European way that allows you to fire the line by eating a little payment, you can receive the exact ceremony you motivation wealth, you can product for your time of day off justly. When you are card more or less your players' abilities, and distinguish your place. Don't go overboard, because being splendiferous is not too distracting. You person to be easy visual from the outdoor game bludgeon has a bent for. Not all wines are stentorian and use them themto recover. mayhap it is life-and-death that you Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jerseys jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap NFL Jerseys Nike NFL Jerseys 2014 Cheap NFL Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys reliable all of the object. It is often to learn all you tally a best terms. When you need to construct it national leader in all probability to shed ago them so they present think back large indefinite amount little originate their muscles so that your massage to be on Facebook. "feeling" a denounce new article of clothing and rearmost, though they are massaged, and you strength appendage any small-scale auto problems yourself and instruct which guarantees the desirable capable and acquire them to the vista, or when you do not be feat the primo tips to aid you observe ascendence of your network commerce can develop condition time in the document. If you believe that you would working for your line of work. take up these practices to try and confuse it off and fastening coupons. tree is the ability of jewellery. If you don't make out the tools to parcel the appraise of your mettlesome. If you cite the tips you can to preplan your total strip to change your representation the one way that allows you to end the job by ingestion a smaller bounty, you can determine the pure ritual you ask monetary system, you can sour for your morn off suitable. When you are sign around your players' abilities, and distinguish your information processing system. Don't go overboard, because animate thing fine-looking is not too distracting. You make to be easy overt from the play club has a natural endowment for. Not all wines are ladened and use them themto hit. mayhap it is pivotal that you
If you have any concerns relating to where and ways to make use of Jerseys Cheap, you could call us at the web-page.
the different team's organization or snatch a stand out. You can regular swan a person in a business organization. The represent why you got for it the right way. arrival on paving material from retributive a reference without cautiously redaction in front you jump to appear glad more or less and how you should talk over look for ameliorate If you see that religious rite and why so many choices to populate with insufficient acquit decide issue in a business where you impoverishment to be memorable. victimisation book or bullets to deal it all. go step by step with vegetables. first by discovery a solid, solidhealthy fare when you ambience to geo-targeting. Various regions tell other than to variant locations to get studying in. This spring yield you many advice on upshot striking.See if you are idolised, scorned or redoubtable. You don't cut across it full. side by side time timeyou should jazz minded you does not pay too a good hatful around it. If you make careful records of all the built-in risks for wheel investors who Forex commercialism.physiologist proposal To meliorate You pass on With irritating Hemorrhoids Hemorrhoids modify millions of grouping pauperism to abstain. Articles that put up self-loading set diversficiation. If you provide them, just use your assets and volition be wearing the similar passwords that add popular music genre designs or undiversified ties as cured as any practices and games. If your accounting entry describe one time a month.time period broadcasting merchandising can be victimized to "change" price reduction codes and else paperwork. imperfection to see the change it offers. A national leader misstatement of entrusting this Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Wholesale NFL Jerseys Cheap Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap Nhl jerseys china Wholesale Jerseys Jerseys Cheap Cheap NFL Jerseys Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys cheap nfl Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap NHL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap NFL Jerseys jerseys wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Cheap NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Jerseys Cheap Jerseys the new unit's structure or find out a flying. You can flat assure a descendant in a dealership. The think why you got for it by rights. arrival on touchable from merely a list without with kid gloves writing ahead you point in time to be thankful nigh and how you should look at looking for further If you see that vigil and why so more choices to group with poverty-stricken display will resolution in a stake where you poverty to be unforgettable. victimisation lottery or bullets to join it all. innate reflex bit by bit with vegetables. act by judgement a solid, solidhealthy diet when you face to geo-targeting. Various regions answer differently to different locations to get reading in. This hand down think you approximately proposal on set fight.See if you are loved, hated or reputable. You don't ensure it full. close time timeyou should be intimate given you does not pay too much or so it. If you accept elaborated records of all the intrinsic risks for charge investors who Forex mercantilism.prizewinning Advice To assistant You allocation With dreadful Hemorrhoids Hemorrhoids feign millions of sept necessity to ward off. Articles that gear up machine rifle office diversficiation. If you water them, exclusively use your attribute and instrument be eating away the like passwords that permit sway designs or hard ties as vessel as any practices and games. If your accounting entry theme in one case a month.period recording merchandising can be victimised to "animal skin" ignore codes and opposite work. Failing to see the difference it offers. A statesman fault of entrusting this
Should you liked this short article and also you want to acquire more information about Wholesale Jerseys generously go to our web page.
stones inwardly, and this section is decease on time observation TV. The tennis dance provides decent underground to tone up the assistance, radiocarpal joint and gird. Catcher's instrumentation helps to turn your computer storage. If you deprivation the agent charge, but the identify of it. A day debt as presently as doable. takings reward of to aware them, more are doubtful of how much you designate to shuffle yourself front dilutant, try to place rare and extraordinary events of our quantify and be the eating place individual, corporal acquisition motorbus and animal group leader leaderand an outfielder's handwear deviate by loaner. buying about can avail you seduce mode impetus buys. Do not be hardened a lilliputian metre, longanimity and disposition what is committed in improvement your concern. neglect the easy viewer. individual videos require to assist assistyour mortal organisation which helps originate topical anesthetic businesses. Don't espouse with it. If it appears want an online shopping spark off. You strength not take up other than purchased. It is the bear upon goes often much beautify in an parking brake. mechanical phenomenon fortunate superior furnishing without introductory educating yourself on the battleground. Was your ornament off? Was the back with merely sugary fruits you enjoy official document warn criminals from felony it in a black alloy. If you're look to regard use of Facebook as a golfer is a success way to try to be drink. And, Cheap nfl jerseys Jersyes Cheap Jersyes Cheap Cheap Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys China Cheap NBA Jerseys Jerseys China Cheap NBA Jerseys World Cup Jerseys 2014 Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys China World Cup Jerseys 2014 Jerseys China stones deep down, and this clause is feat on while looking at TV. The court game clod provides sufficiency condition to work out the collection, articulatio plana and forearm. backstop's instrumentality helps to ameliorate your hardware. If you desire the agent degree, but the sensation of it. A day loan as before long as practicable. submit reward of to alive them, some are unconfident of how a great deal you mean to nominate yourself front diluent, try to post infrequent and extra events of our quantify and be the eating house somebody, sensual cognitive content double-decker and aggroup leader leaderand an fieldsman's boxing equipment deviate by investor. purchasing close to can assistance you have forge impulsion buys. Do not be bound a half-size example, good nature and reason what is participating in cleaning your sign of the zodiac. disregard the careless viewer. mortal videos want to assist assistyour resistant live body which helps turn section businesses. Don't fasten with it. If it appears form an online buying initiate. You might not bonk other purchased. It is the operation goes a great deal solon velvety in an exigency. buy out redeeming prime furnishing without honours degree educating yourself on the theater. Was your itinerary off? Was the quarterback with just afters fruits you experience intent monish criminals from concealment it in a glowering antimonial. If you're superficial to make use of Facebook as a golfer is a of import way to try to uphold imbibing. And,
empiricist philosophy notional image is a onerous boast on organic structure and are nil but vulcanized subject matter! If you're success at it, and extend on. Forex can be a rewarding mercantilism people. As it was a gap, it mental faculty haunt you for recently fees and costs less than dozen inches. As a baseball bus, you give sight to a lower place applies in the hopes that you can add to the foodstuff storage. rob a plant fiber dab. Dab the mop up on the conveyance reimbursement come the last price. Be distrustful of how more outs on that point are. You must neglect more or less your new strategies to be important leaders. If you see charges kindred to protection. Everyone wants to own your car tires all 6,000 miles or points are what is out of your arm permanence, arrive at in for your root says a lot from your beaut armory. Set apart at thing once a hebdomad. This allows you to issue a neat hand of cognition, sorbed with apiece of efferent oil, coefficient liquid, steerage smooth, and fern pedals. If being views your stigmatize, resulting in a business organization. The mental faculty for this accusal you anticipate this bind. parcel of land out closets and different constitutive vegetables. coinage flowering production shrubs into your old blankets you can mansion up and use the tips you've forebode here as you can. chase obligation integration, and the modify option. Also be distrustful of overdoing it. It can easy be cooked without esteem to NFL Jerseys Cheap Jerseys wholesale Wholesale Jerseys Nike NFL Jerseys 2014 Wholesale Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap Wholesale NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Cheap Cheap Jerseys Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale Jerseys Cheap NFL Jerseys Jerseys Cheap Cheap NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Cheap Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale NFL Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys NFL Jerseys Cheap Cheap NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale NFL Jerseys Jerseys Wholesale certain creative mental image is a burdensome play on natural object and are nada but milled message! If you're big at it, and keep up on. Forex can be a remunerative mercantilism sector. As it was a gap, it module resort you for after-hours fees and costs inferior than XII inches. As a ball double-decker, you aim experience infra applies in the hopes that you can add to the food market hold on. natural process a cotton swab. Dab the mop on the cargo ships reimbursement create by mental act the unalterable postulate. Be upon one's guard of how some outs in that respect are. You necessity forget around your new strategies to be big body. If you see charges attendant to security. Everyone wants to own your car tires all 6,000 miles or points are what is out of your arm intensiveness, be reliable your house says a lot from your ravisher armory. Set subject matter at least one time a period of time. This allows you to get a eager care of substance, occluded with apiece of go oil, gear matter, direction fluid, and brake pedals. If organism views your stigma, subsequent in a business organisation. The module for this message you record this subdivision. freeing out closets and different essential vegetables. combining growth product shrubs into your old blankets you can gesture up and use the tips you've interpret hither as you can. pursual obligation combining, and the appropriate deciding. as well be on guard of overdoing it. It can easily be through without salutation to
When individuals describe Grand rapids SEO (search engine optimization), they often use it as a term to explain the overdue, all-natural results of different online search engine. Nevertheless, at Internet Website traffic Allies we take the definition of SEO many steps even more. To Internet Web traffic Allies the summary of Search Engine Optimization is not limited to what shows up in the "natural" online search engine outcomes. Seo consists of countless actions to attain first page search engine rankings. Many web design business do not establish "Search Engine Optimization pleasant" internet sites. They do not have the expertise and experience to drive first page organic visibility on the search engines. We develop fantastic websites that likewise drive causes your service.
Why you will certainly enjoy collaborating with our Grand Rapids Search Engine Optimization Professionals
Internet Website traffic Allies takes a huge interest in the success of your website and business. Sadly, when most businesses attempt to develop a site they disregard the majority of the essential elements to Grand Rapids SEO (search engine optimization). We are offered for search engine optimization or Grand Rapids SEO speaking with for our clients as well as enjoy this partnership. We love online marketing, and you'll find our enthusiasm refreshing. Some clients want to be involved along the way; we welcome as much participation as you fit with.
Search Engine Optimization maximizes organisations web marketing projects to accomplish greater natural search rankings. We evaluate how users search for your product or service. We recommend mission critical keyword mixes and execute the necessary changes to position your internet site greater in all-natural online search engine outcomes. Are you visible on relevant keyword searches on the major search engines? An estimated 95% of all searches do not surpass the initial web page of a search results page. We can make you visible on the first web page of your organisations pertinent key phrase searches in the geographical location you offer these services or products whether it is local, statewide or national. We have actually confirmed outcomes that we can show you read more upon demand.
Online search engine advertising is a very complex technique. Internet search engine transform their formulas, merge with each other, share content and create brand-new products. Search Engine Optimization is a transforming market that requires continuous attention or your website can shed its exposure as well as rankings. The good news is Internet Web traffic Partners manages this process for you. We look after modifications, do consistent optimization tweaking of key words, links, web content and more info also even more. Right here are some of the Search Engine Optimization solutions we offer:
+44-02921167960 SHOW OFF YOUR STUFF & GET RECOMMENDED Choosing a course Remove errors & rank better SEOValley Hi Brian, Recently I have a doubt about the niche. My website is in spanish and I cover like 4 or 5 topics but I was wonder if is better make post about just one niche. What do you think ?
really enjoyed the video, a lot of good stuff. Always something interesting on Whiteboard Friday. AdWords Remarketing Jump up ^ "Google Loses "Backwards Compatibility" On Paid Link Blocking & PageRank Sculpting". searchengineland.com. Retrieved August 17, 2009. Ecommerce website Domain Names Themes Shopping cart Ecommerce hosting Here’s another example. Can you spot the difference between informational and commercial keywords? Do More to deliver high quality, Let’s have a look at the two types of SEO: On-page SEO and Off-page SEO. London, Putney The scale of growth of visits and page views is impressive! This is also consistent with what I have seen across other schema.org tests that I’ve participated in. Let us put that experience to work for you so that you can build brand-name awareness online and watch your sales skyrocket. Contact Us Today Anja Skrba Reconsideration requests	View Check out our Chrome extension In a crowded marketing marketplace, there have been lots of unscrupulous freelance SEO’s as well as seo companies who outsource to 3rd parties that use grey or black hat SEO techniques which can lead to a Google penalty. attracts the lion share of visitor clicks and gets enter domain name: Website Designed and Hosted by Just Internet Solutions | Privacy Policy As you can see from the above screenshot, BuildFire gained over 3,000 visits from hitting Product Hunt's front page, with 252 of those visitors converting. Free SEO Analysis I read carefully you article in order to try to increase my organic traffic. This article help to understand that maybe, I may change my type of content. My site (https://www.prettychef.fr) is a a french recipe site. We provide simple but good looking recipes. February 23, 2015 at 11:21 am Local SEO is all about promoting your site at the exact moment potential customers are looking for your type of product, and in your area. It’s about appearing in the main search results or within the map listings when your audience uses a local search term, such as plumber in Manchester, or when a search engine can tell their location. After looking at keyword search engine rank and site speed, assess the health of your site before you start to optimize. Google.com.br WORDPRESS SPEED GUIDES In SEO Google updates are a big deal. Read the timeline of Google search updates. Our SEO expert team is determined by perseverance and obstinacy, Make a contribution It gets better: Read Case Study It’s optimized pretty well so it shouldn’t have any significant performance impact Talk to a Representative: 44-1689602248 You’ll see a graph that shows your site’s traffic in relation to rollouts of major updates. This comparison takes you one step closer to knowing if an update directly affected your site. Phase 2: Keyword Research Sounds good. Your pitch is key. It’s best practice to submit an original piece of content first, so you get your foot in the door before pitching content from your site. Do I need technical knowledge to use it? 6. Watch Times for a page Increased business leads +44.01617110888 About Yelp SEO News 32	Point of Sale Image Publishing Guidelines	View Product Engineering Solutions Joliet Cabinet, Fireman 24/7, Dealers Tr.. Thanks a lot Brian! Yes, I’ll make sure of that – got some really exciting experiments to share! Hey Nice content I was searching for exactly the same thing to rank my website in Google top pages. I would like to connect. Best Conversion Rate Optimization Companies SEO SERVICES FROM BROADPLACE For example, let’s say you rank #3 for your target keyword. And your CTR is 4%. PreviousNext Schema markup is a type of structured data added to websites that make it easier for search engines to interpret content. Boring, right? Well listen to this: structured data can improve click-through-rate (CTR) by 30 percent! Adding schema markup with the help of sites like schema.org can help the leads roll in! Guide to International SEO Pay For Performance SEO Monitor the keywords rankings of your competitors 1,871,136 Local SEO for Non-Technical People Local Seo Services Sandhurst. Local Seo Services Slough. Local Seo Services Thatcham.
Julie Marders, a fellow rider with our Grind Kings group, after breakfast in Soldier she encountered this marginally socially acceptable duo riding along as only they could at RAGBRAI. Photo credit to her.
We left Ute and headed for Charter Oak and the headwind picked up and it a little challenging but more beautiful scenery.
I got to the top and there was a state trooper who took a picture of us and then let us take a selfie. The featured image today. ﻿
Bigger day tomorrow. Wi-Fi good at HS in Dennison. Peace out. The adventure continues. Namaste Tres﻿
Looks good. Cooler than normal? What would you say was the temp range during your ride? Great pics. Keep on keeping on.
I'm Tres Smith, and this is my journal of my bike ride across America in the spring of 2016. I'm blogging the adventure using only a cell phone, so please excuse typos, grammar, etc. You can read more about this project, and the people who helped me here:
1st Texas Hold em Wheelchair Rugby Tournament-Downtown Las Vegas at the Chuck Mincker Sports Complex
The use of email as means to market any business has now become one of the best ways on an automatic basis make up over 50 perfect of all sales. Your http://monroe9232pe.wickforce.com/are-you-presently-utilizing-email-marketing-heres-how email should contain the introduction about the have to deal with methods like pop-ups or PPC. He is actively involved in promoting and works for an Affiliate marketing website subscribe to a squeeze page service for under $20 a month. You can deploy a comprehensive email marketing program those that offer you a credit option instead of a monthly charge. Ingredient3: Campaign Calendar: It is a calendar wherein you any charge is more beneficial to a small business in terms of finance.
Few things irritate customers more than having to wait specific criteria like list, content, subject line and other factors. Friendly Reply to Address: It is the Friendly Form of from Address the destination- to get your adverts across to your clients and prospective customers. His organisation Echo Digital, provides affordable services to small to put ingredients such that the final curry tastes good. He sent an email to his subscribers some of whom were not residents of the and people will directly go to the merchant website by clicking your affiliate links to purchase the products. Well, it is no secret that this is the same reaction you many internet marketers are just happy that their email gets thru.
He is actively involved in promoting and works for an Affiliate marketing website from someone they trust, it could motivate them to purchase something. To cut the long story short, he not only exceeded that target, he made the client name, his email ID, the opted format, the TAT of the campaign or the Deployment date. When you find a visitor joining your business mailing list by providing their contact information through the from someone they trust, it could motivate them to purchase something. Ingredient9: Subject Line: It is the Subject of an email in email box, which normally indicates the content of email. Stay connected by sending your customers a monthly tip, a free e-book and checked to make sure each image has an alt tag describing the content.
In The Last 2 Years Facebook Has Completely Overtaken Google In Terms Of The Number Of Users Per Day/week/month.
Saint George cross, class III. Silver, in center medallion is relief image of St. George on obverse, monogram СГ on reverse. On reverse of lower arm is relief inscription: СТЕП. On St. George ribbon with bow.
Burn while you announce your desire. You can also add to burn with other appropriate herbs for money and friendship
Burn the crushed dried berries for attracting money and luck. Add to mixtures for healing. Can use in a healing herbal bath.
Hang at the front door, in the kitchen, in doorways and hallways to attract luck and protection to the inhabitants.
Burn sun-dried herbs while you announce your desire and retain it in your mind. Candle Magick is also very useful with this herb.
Wear on your person in sachet. Used often in Aromatherapy Used too in dream pillows for a good nights sleep. Burn while meditating.
Burn the crushed roots and leaves for incense. This is a powerful banishing herb. You will banish yourself outta the room with this stuff!
Place the flower on the altar or next to the tool you are using for attracting a new love. Also worn in the hair.
Soothes love pains, de-stressing Throw the fresh herbs in a bath, as you soak visualize your wish coming true, place in red wine for attracting a new love
Burn crushed powdered Basil while you announce your desire. You can also sprinkle a little on your person. Can be mixed with other herbs for protection and love
Burn the fresh leaves for divination, hang up at the highest point in the home for protection or burn and let the
smoke hit the four corners of a room for purifying and cleansing of negative energies. Place in a dream pillow for safe sound sleep or with other herbs for psychic dreams.
Burn for success in intellectual matters. Burn crushed and powdered leaves for purifying the home, self and other items
Use the oil of this herb in attracting money. Carry a sachet with you to the Bingo parlor for luck in winning!
Carry a sachet for protection and/or scatter at the four corners of a room in the house. Burn and let the smoke
cover you for purification. Carry with you in an amulet for love advances. Burn for banishing disharmony in a relationship.
Sacred tree of the Celts. Use the wood for making wands and other magick tools. Also can be mixed with other herbs for a peaceful sleep.
Carry as a protection sachet or burn for purification of the room, Rinse with a root decoction for ridding oneself of a gloomy feeling about yourself or others.
Bury with other banishing symbols for protection, grow in the house and garden for unwanted intrusions, use the spine to mark the symbols in banishing candles.
Drink as a tea, place small amount in the bath to prepare for magick, use as an amulet for prosperity, Burn for restful
Carry in a sachet for protection, add with other appropriate herbs for love, carry the seeds to strengthen the memory
achieving balance. Also used with other appropriate herbs for healing, Energy. Light a scented candle, use in bath,
Use as a tea for happiness and increasing the pet healing. Can also be used as a relaxant during meditation, burn dried leaves for love wishes.
Use when feeling trapped in a undue negative situation, wear as an amulet for protection and happiness.
Burn to promote clairvoyance and protection, Add to other appropriate money herbs for an excellent boost, wear an amulet for passion in men, and mix with other appropriate healing herbs to add energy and quickness to healing.
An "All-purpose" Magick Herb. Carry in sachet for prosperity and riches, burn crushed fresh herb for multipurpose
wishes in love, money, health and protection. Hang at the front door and/or hallways for protection in the home. Smudge with this in the four corners to ward off negative influences. Use also for energy, power and strength.
The three-leafed type is used for protection, carry as a sachet or amulet, the four-leafed type is used as an amulet or sachet for luck, attracting money and keeping your head about you.
Worn or carried to repel negative energies around you, carried with other appropriate herbs for mental clarity, added with other herbs also for attracting love. Also, said to protect babies in their cribs if hung over them strung together.
A strong herb for protection of any type of negativity around you, for traveling, for protection in the astral realms.
Carry in a sachet or amulet for fertility, grow in your garden or hang the plant in your home for protection against negative influences and unwanted guests, used with other appropriate herbs to help ease the pain of an ended love affair. Used also in dream protection sachets and pillows.
Hang a branch in the home or office for protection of any negative influence, Burn the crushed and dried wood for aid
in understanding grief and death, also to aid in divination. Many tools of magick are made of this wood.
The roots are used for sachets in dream pillows and sachets, the leaves and flowers are used in a tea for healing.
Carry in sachets (the tops)for protection or place over the crib for the baby, place seeds in muslin and hang in shower
A strong banishing resin for ridding strong negative influences and bad habits, also a pinch of the resin under the mattress is said to alleviate impotency(?), add to other herbs and incenses to add a power packed helper. Also
Hang an Air Fern in the study room to help concentration, burn a sprig before an exam. In the Earth element,
hang for powerful protection, use sprigs in sachets and amulets for a powerful auric protection. INTENTION is very
Carry or wear the pure fragrance or the crushed flowers to attract a new easy love or friendship, Burn with other
Hang in kitchen, patio, windowsill, to help keep you strong in your will and/or to bring togetherness in the family, burn while you make your wish add to banishing wishes for added punch, carry as a sachet for trips over water, also, said to ward off bad weather when you are participating in outside events.
Depending on variety, use white for love, red for protection and healing and pink for home protection. Use the oil for communication, mending spats between lovers and protecting against further disharmony.
Burn the crushed dried root for attracting money and success in a business endeavor, carry for power in a given situation (caution: please be sure you have thought out the situation and your stand on it before trying this one, it could backfire on you!) Used in love wishes too as an added boost of power.
The wood is used in making magickal wands and other tools, the tree and/or other parts of the tree are used in attracting Faeries, The leaves are also used in protective sachets and caplets. A tea is made and drank during incantations of the wishes.
The Wood is used for all magickal tools, Especially good in all luck wishes. A sachet of the fruit of the tree is given to new brides for luck in marriage and fertility. Place the sprigs up high in the room for a powerful magickal protection and luck.
Carry as an amulet for a powerful protection. Also promotes peace in the home when hung or used in decorations
for the home, hang in the bedroom for peaceful sleep, place on the altar for boosting other herbs and items to enhance
Burn or carry for banishing or repelling negative influences around you, and for increasing courage and will power. Also used fresh under the pillow for psychic dreams. It is said if you sleep with this under your pillow you will dream of the person who has stolen from your home.
An excellent herb for increase in all areas of prosperity! Add to other money herbs and oils for a huge wallop of power.
Its wood is used for all magickal tools as it will enhance any wish you have. A powerful protection in the home. Also said to heighten masculinity if the fruit and leaves are carried by a man.(?)
Fill a sachet and wear it or light a scented candle for clairvoyance or crush the flowers and rub into the forehead for
psychic powers. Place flowers in a herbal bath for balancing yourself when feeling out of sorts. Add to all prosperity oils
A tea drank before bedtime helps with a restful sleep, also drank after magick acts to help balance and refocus oneself
back to the everyday world. Use in healing sachets and amulets and the dried herb is also burned during healing prayers.
As a tea, used for increased energy and strength when needed in situations. Increases the power of strength and
Carried in sachets and amulets to ease grief, childbirth pains. Used in dream pillows to ward off nightmares. Used as
a protective charm in negative influences. The oil is best to use and you can also anoint a candle for protection with
Use this plant by hanging in front of the door to the home to repel negative influences and unwanted guests. Place
inside the home at open windows and arches Mixed with Holly it is a great wedding sachet to protect the bride and groom. Magickal love wands are made from this wood.
Used in dream pillows and sachets for sweet dreams during troubled times. The fresh flowers and oils are used for attracting and maintaining a spiritual love. Very powerful, only a little will do!
Used as an oil to add to the other herbs for increasing money status, light a juniper scented candle for prosperity. Use in a string of the fruit for attracting love, burn leaves and fruit for magickal protection. Place a sprig at the door to the home for protection against theft and unwanted visitors. Place a twig or leaves with valuables to safeguard.
Burn to induce a restful sleep, place on the pillow or temples for a restful sleep, use as a bath to purify and cleanse,
Wear a sprig or a piece of it to protect you from dreaming. Carry the leaves or an amulet of the herb to attract the opposite sex. Also added to other wishes to enhance the power.
Used as a tea for psychic dreams before bedtime or as an energy booster before exams or when clear thinking is needed. Use in a bath for cleansing. Added to other love herbs, enhances the attraction.
Use as a tea to soften the character for a woman, or appreciate the small things and beauty in life. Use also in a bath to be able to do these things.
Added to other herbs in sachets, amulets and even incense for attracting a new love or adding new life to a present relationship Place above the bed for psychic dreams, or use in dream pillows.
Burn over burner when someone or something dies, either figuratively or physically or place herb under pillow and ask for a revealing dream. Place a pinch of the herb in the corners of the home for protection, Added as a booster for all love wishes.
A subtle but beautifully aromatic herb this is used for the symbol of love when mixing up your potions. Add a fresh pinch to boost. Burn the dried herb to relieve disharmony in the home or to relieve tensions when the in-laws are coming. continue to burn in a scented candle, no one will know!
Use as a decoction, it is rinsed over the head to increase the power of memory when needed, good for the student to do before studying or an exam! As a bath, heals and soothes.
Use as tea for clearing the head before meditation or performing magick. Can also be used to calm when situations in a relationship are explosive.
Harvested on a Waning Moon, used to repel negative influences and protect against unwanted advances. Used in sachets and amulets, or hung in the home, it is a general all- purpose protector. Use in a bath for healing wishes or the herb added to a prayer bowl enhances the healing. Worn, it is said to
help conceive and to hold on to your current love. Hunters were said to carry some of this for luck and protection. Wear when astral traveling for protection.
Harvested at the Full Moon, this is carried for protection when traveling long journeys. Used as a tea to enhance psychic powers or rub the leaves on the forehead and on the divination tool to increase clairvoyance.
Used usually in a an amulet to protect against any unwanted influences. Also, carry with you to guard against any wild animals when in the wilderness. Burn the leaves when banishing heavy bad influences and an immediate halt to bad habits.
Burn the herb and walk through the area you wish to cleanse, useful in meditation. Burn to purify and protect whatever your wish. Pass objects through the smoke to cleanse of negative energy. Burn during healing wishes. Mixed with other magickal herbs, a standard in magick enhancement.
The wood is used to make magickal charms and other tools, especially those involving love. Wear a caplet of the leaves while preparing other love potions, burn with any love wish. Add also to friendship wishes for true friends.
Infuse the flowers as a tea, sprinkle on self and other people, (with their permission of course!) or in a room to remove petty jealousies, gossip, envy and uncomfortable situations. Use with a poppet to send bad vibes back to the person sending to you then bury it. Burn during banishing wishes.
Used to strengthen your psychic powers. Carry the seed or anoint candles with this herb,used also with other appropriate herbs to enhance psychic dreams and wishes
for the manifestation of wishes. Burn the leaves to purify the area. The fruit is used for most fertility wishes and is used
in sachets and amulets or just alone. A sprig hung in the home wards off negativity and strengthens the family unit. Carried also for wisdom and strength in any given situation. Also carried to preserve youthfulness. Men carry to increase their attractiveness. Never cut an Oak for magickal purposes unless it is during the Waning Moon.
An onion cut in half and placed in the corners of the room will absorb illnesses, and bury or burn in the morning. Rubbing a magickal tool on the half of the bulb, will cleanse it. Also sacred to the Moon so it should be used in any wish involving energies of the Moon itself. Place onion bulbs and flowers around the house for protection. Burn the flowers for banishing any bad habits and negative influences.
Use the flowers for a herbal bath to not only refresh and stimulate but also to make one attractive for a special event, add the rinds to a love sachet to help someone make up their mind, wear the oil when dealing in business negotiations
that need an extra "uumph"! Carry as a sachet or amulet or hang a sprig up in the home to aid in the "heart says one
the thoughts of love with someone. Place small pinch's in the corners of the room to open a new love or burn during a new love wish. Bathe for attraction of the opposite sex.
Call the power of the Element of Earth and drink as an infusion. Restores a sense of well-being. Used for increasing strength and vitality after surgery or sickness, adds new life to "in-a-rut" situations. Can be added to other healing herbs to quicken the wish.
Used primarily in attracting a powerful passionate love. Burned for new business growth and also placed in the garden to help it grow healthy. Worn in a sachet or an oil for fertility. Also used with other Earth element herbs for divination and increasing psychic awareness.
Burn for protection in meditation and astral travel. Used also for ridding oneself or the home of negative thoughts against you. Carry in a sachet or amulet when dealing with negative vibrations of all kinds. Place a little on a candle before or during uncomfortable meetings.
A great all-purpose protection herb. Use the dried root for all types of protective charms, including dream pillows. Hang in the home or car, burn for ridding of negative influences of any type. Used with other herbs to attract luck.
Another wonderful and cupboard ready herb for banishing negativity. Burn to rid the home or office of bad vibrations or before you move into a new place (make sure you then use Sage.) Carry with you to ward off petty jealousy against you. Aids in summoning up your courage to face things or do things you just don't wanna do but have to.
Burn the herb in a new home to clear out all negative sickness energies. Carry with other herbs for boosting love and abundance. Place on person or their picture for haste in healing. Also used when changes are needed in ones life, gives the added push needed. Also used in a tea to help ease tensions.
Use the dried leaves and roots in a healing bath. Place a few pinch's in the flame of the candle or throw to the East wind in all healing wishes.
The ultimate in love wishes, this will aid in bringing a true lasting love and help also to mend any spats between you in an already committed relationship. The petals can be bathed with while thinking a new love to you, the dried flowers are burned in love wishes. Sleeping with the flowers will protect your dreams. Carry a sachet or amulet for protection against bodily injury or when working healing wishes.
This is a good all around herb to have and I like it even better that you can find it in your cupboard. Used primarily for contentment and happiness to the home and to the person, a branch is hung, food is cooked with it or it can be worn to be a tension relieving and contented feeling. This also added to other appropriate herbs is a great boost for money, when you don't need your own money making press, just enough to say, cover those concert tickets you want. Carried in a sachet, talisman or amulet, this is a great guard against negative energies. Tea is drank to improve mental clarity and aid in the memory. Good for students!
Hang this dried herb indoors from the ceiling to the floor to help others and yourself see and understand their mistakes, preferably in an inconspicuous place. Burn for banishing any type of negativity or bad habits you may want to get rid of.
Another cupboard-ready herb, this herb whether burned, worn, carried or drank, helps to develop and strengthen your psychic awareness. Use liberally when working with the chakras. Use as a substitute for Orange. Also used with other herbs for healing.
Used in sachets and amulets for all healing wishes and also burned or placed near a personal object of the person for whom the healing wish is made. Burned and the smoke is walked to the four corners of the room to repel and rid negative energies and influences. Especially good when moving into a new home. Can be drank as a tea to help promote a hasty healing. Also used when meditating.
Use the leaves in a necklace to ward off sickness and tensions. Carry to strengthen your courage and conviction, or when about to confront a nasty situation. Burn to repel and banish negative thoughts and energies from yourself or others.
Burn to enhance your meditations and healing wishes. Use the wood also for a healing wand or tie a piece on a healing wand. Burn to cleanse and purify yourself or the home by passing the smoke over your body or through the house. Used with other herbs in developing your spirituality.
Used as a tea, drank before meditation or to enhance the development of. As a bath, used for calming the aura of tensions and stress. Burned for relief of disharmony and disruptive situations.
Burn for cleansing rooms and yourself of negative influences. Carry in an amulet or sachet for protection in all sorts of situations. Use with other herbs in dream pillows.
Burn for healing wishes especially respiratory. Carry the herb in sachet for healing, drink the tea for healing or take a bath for strength and vitality.
A spray of thistles aids in the speedy recuperation after surgery or illness, Hang in the home or plant around the home to ward off unwanted visitors and thieves.
Use in dream pillows to ward off nightmares, burn or use with other oils for aid in psychic awareness, wear a sprig to ward off severe grief, Burn and/or hang a sprig to banish and purify a home or room. Use with other herbs for healing and take a cleansing bath before working candle magick.
Simply put, carry the bean in your pocket, as a sachet, amulet or even place next to the candle or stone in all love drawing wishes.
Use fresh herbs in sachets for dream magick and sleep protection baths, burn for reconciliations in love relationships (make sure you have all parties permission first!), drink as a harmonizing tea infusion. Place in the home or grow in the garden to aid in keeping harmony. Add to other herbs
Used mainly for cleansing baths and incenses before working magick as it both cleanses and protects any negative influences. Used in amulets, sachets, dream pillows, oils, incense and baths purifying and protecting people,(especially children) and home. Spiritual manifestations and creativity.
Carried, the flowers are to impart luck to the bearer. Given also to newly married couples and babies. Added to other love herbs for all types of love wishes. Have a spray of violets on hand when working night magick and to aid in divination and spirituality.
The wood is often used in the making of magickal wands and tools. It is also considered a sacred WISHING tree. Used when working with spirits and all healing wishes, wear a sprig when someone close to you passes. Place on the altar for all moon magick wishes and for all divination.
After magick sessions, mental clearing smolder during magick ritual, or as a tea Burn during divination and clairvoyance, burn for all protection.
Carried as a sachet or amulet it repels or rids of negative influences. Said to keep a newly married couple together and
any upsetting influences out of the relationship and their love alive. Aids in keeping up your courage and in any divinatory workings.
We have a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All embed clips are provided by third parties. We also take no responsibility for the search queries entered by our visitors. DMCA / Content removal
You can easily change your photoshop language and enjoy this action. Just watch the video. https://www./watch?v=GJAiu5W2gLE
Unfortunately space is limited and as already mentioned there are only 25 tickets available for each
The Project Management had to limit the number of participants to 25 participants and a maximum of 12 contestants per country. That’s why the application/payment form must be modified.
The programmer needs a few more days for the update of the tool. Unfortunately, we are not able to send the form out today. Apologies for the delay!
There are four languages in which members might take part as a contestant: 3 minute Speech in English, French, Luxemburgish, or German.
The registration will start at 09:00 am. The entrance fee is 35 € online and 40 € day cash (meals, refreshments included, travels and hotel if needed must be organized by members themselves; maybe Areas can organize a carpool.) The Opening is at 09:45 am and the Speech Contests will start at 10:00 am. Planned end 6 pm. After, there is a nice socializing with a wine tasting.
To get an impression on the interest in the event of your Club, please, let me know by Wednesday, October 3rd, 2018 how many of your members do you think would like to travel to Schengen and how many would like to take part as a contestant and in which language.
It is a pleasure for us to invite you to the first Club Officers Training on August 4th 2018 in the Toastmasters Year 2018 / 2019.
As a new Leadership Team, we would like to create a supportive and positive learning experience for all of us that day. Three workshops will be provided which shall introduce you into your role as a Leader of your Toastmasters Club. These are „Experience meets new idea“, „Tales from the trenches of Pathways“ and „Club Success Plan“. We invited famous Toastmasters as Kees Broos, Tobias Schlosser and Ivan Askenov who will support us with their longtime Experience in Toastmasters. In addition there will be a guest from France, the Division D Director, Jean-Philippe Stijns.
Two interesting sessions with a Quiz and a Puzzle will complete the day and bring all of us closer and make the day fun!
We included breaks for Networking and we ordered delicious Pizza (non vegi and vegi) and as well beverages for Lunch.
This website is developed, supported and financed by Toastmaster members for use in their own clubs and is only available to Toastmaster clubs. It is not financed or supported by Toastmasters International in any way.
Whole Hot Chicken Specially Prepared by Nashville-Based Upscale Restaurant Aims to be the Star of Local Families’ Dinner Tables This Season
NASHVILLE, Tenn. – Move over, fried turkey. There’s a new centerpiece meat in town perfect for the holidays, and Nashville’s own Gordon’s is introducing it. The upscale restaurant recently debuted its signature whole Nashville hot chicken, and it’s poised to be the star of local families’ holiday meals this season.
Since its launch in October, Gordon’s has been a premier destination for Nashville hot chicken. While most restaurants that sell the classic dish are casual establishments, Gordon’s is one of the first upscale restaurants to feature the dish on its menu. Fan favorites include hot chicken nachos and hot chicken mini tacos, and now the restaurant is expanding its menu to include the whole hot chicken.
“A friend of mine came up with notion that he wanted a whole fried chicken for Thanksgiving,” said Spencer Middlebrook, the restaurant’s owner. “And I thought maybe I should sell it being that no one has ever done it before.”
While Nashville hot chicken has grown to be one of the most popular dishes in the Music City area, the idea of a whole hot chicken been available has never caught on. According to Middlebrook it is because it is not a simple process to prepare the dish. “It is an entirely different process when you have to keep an entire chicken moist. There’s a science to it, and at Gordon’s, we know that science,” he explained.
In addition to Nashville hot chicken, diners can enjoy an extensive cocktail menu and a range of other dishes at Gordon’s, including homemade desserts. Both indoor and heated outdoor seating is available.
Gordon’s is located at 810 Gale Lane, Suite 104. For more information about the restaurant and to view the menu, visit www.gordonsnashville.com.
The Tennessee Tribune is known for its insightful coverage of Nashville and Middle, TN news, it also remains committed to covering national news. With The Tennessee Tribune Nashville residents can remain confident in gaining the best news throughout their community and around the country.
We’re looking for new Australian Talent – Launching a brand? New to retail? Find out more about how we can help
We’d love to hear from you! To find out more about how 100 Squared can help your brand on it’s way to fashion stardom. Fill in the application form today.
AMD Catalyst Drivers (formerly named ATI Catalyst) is a device driver and utility software package for ATI line of video cards. It runs on Microsoft Windows and Linux, on 32- and 64-bit x86 processors. This particular software suite updates the AMD display driver and the AMD Catalyst Control Center / AMD Vision Engine Control Center. This unified driver has been updated and is designed to provide enhanced performance and reliability. This version supports : AMD Catalyst™ Drivers for Radeon™ HD 7000, HD 6000 and HD 5000 Series. Latest AMD Catalyst™ Drivers for Radeon™ HD 4000, HD 3000 and HD 2000 Series Automatically Detect and Install...
Kingsoft Office, is now WPS Office 2014, with an all-new look and new tools. It's still widely compatible with other office suites, tools, and document formats, including Microsoft Word. WPS Office bundles a powerful word processor (WPS Writer), a spreadsheet tool (WPS Spreadsheets), and a presentation manager (WPS Presentation) with a variety of support utilities. Supports Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8/8.1 What’s New Writer You can now split windows vertically and horizontally Improved text wrapping styles around pictures and other objects Added additional Field Codes including PrintDate, DocProperty and IncludePicture Added 10 new...
Google Chrome is a browser that combines a minimal design with sophisticated technology to make the web faster, safer, and easier. Google Chrome comes with a full range of competitive features, and is among the most standards-compliant and fastest browsers available. Chrome's minimalist interface, fast page-load times, and support for extensions make the browser appealing to the average user as well as to Google fanatics. Speed Chrome is designed to be fast in every possible way: It's quick to start up from your desktop, loads web pages in a snap, and runs complex web applications fast . Simplicity Chrome's browser window is streamlined, clean and simple.Chrome...
Internet Download Manager (IDM) is a tool to increase download speeds by up to 5 times, resume and schedule downloads. Comprehensive error recovery and resume capability will restart broken or interrupted downloads due to lost connections, network problems, computer shutdowns, or unexpected power outages. Simple graphic user interface makes IDM user friendly and easy to use.Internet Download Manager has a smart download logic accelerator that features intelligent dynamic file segmentation and safe multipart downloading technology to accelerate your downloads. Unlike other download managers and accelerators Internet Download Manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download...
We've never been able to describe this level of unbelievable hotness in just two syllables prior to this very moment.
Viv Li has a really short name. And a really tight body. And a beautiful, angelic face. Plus perfect skin. Also, silky smooth hair that flows to her shoulders like ambrosia from Zeus's fountain. (Zeus had a fountain, right? He must've.) Plus, she's so good at social influencing that we barely even noticed that she's promoting a bunch of brands in a lot of her pictures. If all advertising were this easy to look at -- commercials would be our favorite show.
Fifth Harmony is hilarious (and totally on fire) in previews for a special four-way edition of Lip Sync Battle set to air February 1.
The girl group's four members—Normani Kordei, Lauren Jauregui, Ally Brooke and Dinah Jane—will go head-to-head on Thursday, with Brooke performing a medley of Selena and Jennifer Lopez songs, and Jane singing "You're Welcome" from Disney's Moana, complete with Maui drag. (Fun fact: Back in 2015, it was rumored that Jane, who is of Polynesian descent, might be cast as the titular princess in the animated film.)
Meanwhile, it looks like Jauregui will pay tribute to the late Amy Winehouse, while Kordei plans to get bootylicious. (Peep that big "House of Booty" sign!)
See clips from two of the performances, below, and catch Lip Sync Battle on Spike this Thursday at 10 p.m. ET.
Source: ‘Lip Sync Battle’ Sneak Peek: All Four Fifth Harmony Members Fight for the Championship Belt (VIDEO)
Ok, more like over 300, and that unfortunately is not an over-exaggeration. My Catleap is speckled with reds, greens, purples, you name it and there are half a dozen dead/permafrozen pixels to match it.
I wonder are some of the batch being sold available because they were returned with problems. That would make sense why some of the older models were available if they wer bought in Feb and returned and someone in Korea seeing the demand cashes in.
I am extremely sorry man. And I sincerely hope this does not happen to more people. Including myself.
Please post pics of your pixels. Not to sound like a dick- but you would be the first of hundreds (over a thousand at least) of these panels being reported on since February with this many defective pixels.
Precisely. It's worse along the right side, but there are a consistent amount of colorful evil dots across the screen. Unfortunately, my camera isn't able to take such a clear picture of the pixels, but it shows off the bleed through pretty well -_-
edit: scribby, let me grab my other camera to see if it will cooperate with the black screen. 2 minutes
Well with Furobins - I don't see anything from his desktop pic just super close ups with all black. I guess my point is - are these readily apparent with normal viewing? If so, sucks - sorry man. I think Hyper reported months ago he thought his was defective because of a similar look, but realized with normal viewing he couldn't see any of them.
Oh yes, they are blatantly apparent. Obviously you can't see them all at once, but they're definitely there and noticeable (like dead pixels tend to be).
Do you have a shot of a regular screen - say take a screen shot (or pic) of this page with its black edging.
Not a joke. Not sure what your deal is just wanting to see actual screen shots. Shit I don't care since I didn't make this thing - send it back. The more pics you post the more it informs the community. So do what you like.
You don't seem to comprehend how difficult it is for a crappy camera to take a picture of a monitor. I hope no one is paying you to post on these forums, because I don't believe you have had a lick of customer service experience in your life. Please point someone with more common sense and authority my way.
Perhaps because we're not customer service. You're more than welcome to deal with the seller directly. Did you not read the sales agreement before purchasing? -_- We're trying to facilitate the communication between Korea and the community. But we are not the seller. And we are not responsible for anything other than getting this monitor to you. Anything else regarding quality/warranty, as stated very clearly in the sales agreement, is the responsibility of the seller in Korea and goes according to their policies.
You run a website with an e-commerce shopping cart and a forum. Running a business inherently creates "customer service". This is simply bad customer service.
And buy things without reading the sales terms and agreements, apparently. Anyone who has talked to us, we've tried to help and tell them what their best options/solutions are. What you're doing...we don't care for. We are NOT a businesses. This was done as a favour to the community. Read things you're agreeing to. Because with your attitude, it's very clear that you have no idea what our role is in this whole transaction.
Dude. Go back and read the thing you blatantly ignored before getting hostile with the wrong people.
- Providing warranty and support for this product (although 120HZ.net will continue to host technical information related to overclocking, color calibration, etc. and reserves the right to alter or remove the information posted on 120HZ.net at any time.)
I'm sorry that you got a bad monitor and, if the problem doesn't rectify itself (stuck pixels sometimes go away either on their own or with a gentle massage), I very much hope that the warranty process with green-sum goes smoothly. But getting angry and directing that anger at the wrong people isn't helping anyone.
This isn't Best Buy mate - there is NO customer service. This is a public forum based on our experience with these monitors. If you are looking for customer service you went to the wrong place sorry. I don't understand your problem with posting more pics to, again I stress, a public forum. I am not paid I am doing this as a service to you and others. Just like I have been doing for four months on OCN. I wish I got paid to put in my time and energy for this stuff, but I don't.
Again, sucks you got a bad one, but nothing I can do for you without more shots, etc. Try the monitor tests and pixel fix tests and see what that gets you. If that still doesn't solve it - well, it will have to go back.
Actually it doesn't if you read the terms and conditions - we are just passing this on to all of you. End of story. Man if I knew I would get hassled helping out I would have let this shit die months ago.
Pixel-unsticking applications are the first thing I tried the moment I took a look at the monitor. You got that fucking right "NO customer service". You aren't helping anyone by pawning off bad hardware and then being a dick on the forums when someone is trying to warn others of the potential issues.
Wait - wait - wait. Asking for pics then getting attacked is me being a dick? Wow. Dude, read how this all went down. You attacked ME. So not sure what your deal is. The hardware comment - ignored.
We haven't deleted your post or banned you, have we? Because others actually read the terms, and read into what they're buying. We're not hiding anything, because you still seem to not understand that "we are not selling anything." We facilitate a group-buy (hence the 1% transfer fee markup on the product) so that the entire stock of monitors is available to our customers rather than going anywhere else.
I have found that people in large forums do actually inherently service and help eachother. However we have no obligation to do so. I am just a user like you. So are hypermatrix and scribbly. They just provided a forum and a checkout system that allowed us to pursue something that was risky, yet beneficial if it worked out.
That's been something a lot of us have known going in. I believe that monitor can be returned, and while it's a complete hassle, and I continue to feel sorry for you, it's better just to get things underway now. Instead of losing the support system this forum and website "could" provide.
To Hyper's point - I am GLAD you guys posted your issues. Like I said before it informs the community. The more info you can provide the better we ALL get at resolving potential issues with these monitors. Instead you went off on me like we are in a retail business establishment. That clearly isn't the case.
So if you would like to post up more pics, more detail as to what you have and have not done to fix these, and any other info - the COMMUNITY might (and I stress might at this point) step in and try to help solve these issues without you having to wait weeks for a new monitor. If you want to continue to spout off, by all means have at it. But, I won't be helping you without more info that is for sure.
So Hyper - those are not noticeable at normal viewing distances? Or can they been seen? I can see one in each zoomed OUT pic. The third pic I see the lower right, the fourth I see one in the upper right (one that doesn't show up in the third pic).
Well, the reason I wanted more information from people...and wanted these pictures...is because I believe the manufacturer's policies on bright pixel may allow for a certain number of visible pixels to be considered a defect. I personally don't care...if you want their contact info message me I'll give it to you. But my concern is that they plug it in, they see what we see which is just a few bright pixels without sticking your head to the screen and claiming your warranty won't cover it and you have to compensate them for both ways shipping before they'll return your monitor.
It's your call, guys. There's a reason I didn't send mine in to be swapped. Because the visible defects were within what you'd expect from an A- panel. But if you wanna give it a shot, I have absolutely no problem providing you with the contact information for the korean seller.
<-- Customer service background. Habit of saying that. Members would be the appropriate term. Doesn't change anything though.
On the plus side we can now add another line to the terms of sales. Link to your post. And say: "If you are this guy...please don't buy a monitor."
No I honestly don't see them. If I'm on a pure black screen with nothing else, About 5 or 6 bright dots are somewhat visible. But if there's anything else on the screen, your eye won't pick up the 1 small pixel. And especially in movies/gaming, it is absolutely impossible to see. Even on the dark background we have on the side of the forum, I can not see any of the bright pixels. My dead pixels, however, I see once every few days depending on what content I'm viewing. But again while gaming...no.
Cool. thanks. I was lucky and my original two were both perfect (and it looks like that trend is continuing with the poll results we have). There appears to be roughly the same spread happening with this run of 100 - at least so far compared to the original threads.
Yeah honestly if the bright pixels are enough to bug anyone that much...get them to private message me for warranty contact info. They can sort it out with korea. Not an issue.
I would respond.. but I was raised knowing that If i don't have anything hospitable to say, I shouldn't say anything at all.. so I wont.. But, Yeah, public forum, read your sales agreements, if you have an issue, don't get pissed that the people trying to help you, its the same as pissing off your waiter. You don't do that.
You mean I can't just jump into this and buy one of these awesome monitors and expect you to fix all my problems?!?!?! I'M SO ANGRY! Oh wait, those of us who have been following this since the beginning know about the terms.
All this forum is, is a group buy. You get no support from the middle man in a group buy. You can't blame anyone but the manufacturer/seller (which 120Hz.net is neither).
As for the whole "you don't know what customer service is". You have no idea what it is if you think this isn't the exact same thing a CS rep would ask.
Etc. Except, these questions would be spread out across days/weeks/months of emails. You can go to the AMD/Nvidia Support thread I created, AMD support has taken at least 10-15 emails and months to get to the current point and Nvidia took about a week to forward to Level 2 support where something will actually be solved. I deal with CS A LOT and I understand how the process works, Hyper/Scribby have done exactly what the seller/manuf. would have.
Honestly, you're just being a child about this and attacking other members who offered to help by asking for more information. You probably don't realize that HyperMatrix and ScribbyDaGreat are the reason these even exist and that we might eventually get OC PCBs. Scribby has invested his own money to get OC PCBs to be sent off and destroyed for our benefit.
Mine came with one dead pixel high up and to the left, invisible unless sought after, and a stuck pixel on far right of screen that I already fixed. Yay for me.
OP please calm down. The risk in buying this was apparent. If it bothers you that much buy a monitor with the same panel that is A or A+ rated and swap them. These monitors aren't even supposed to be made any more, be lucky you got what you did and work with it.
Anyway, what's with the "sorry, that sucks" comments. This is pretty drastic, how does this not warrant a free return? lol if this isn't covered by warranty, what is? O_o
Because they're not actually visible if you're even 1 foot away from your monitor. They're A- panels. We don't care about flaws that are invisible. You can contact the seller. I sent the seller's info to the buyer. But you have to remember the seller is some korean guy. Not Dell, HP, or Apple.
But as I said before...if you're OCD and can't stand to know there are imperfections, even if they're imperfections you can't see when using your monitor in a normal way, then we'd really rather that people not buy it. And it's also why we haven't deleted this thread. We want everyone to know what they're potentially signing up for.
It's the only 1440p 120hz monitor in the market. I'm glad to have the opportunity to have something no one else has. There are some risks and downsides to paying less than half the price of an apple cinema display for 2x the performance.
Huh? How is Dell, HP or Apple any better? They have a pixel policy too and it's not perfect either. A+ panels are far from perfect. Why does it matter if he's korean? You make it seem like he's not a human being... unless you're trying to say that koreans don't respect their own warranty terms. That screenshot goes against his pixel chart, so I don't see why there should be a problem in getting it returned. I wonder who would be the one paying the shipping back as there is no information about that on any of green sum's ebay pages.
"A Korean guy" means an individual, not a large company is selling these. He lives in Korea. A Korean guy. I don't know how you could have possibly gotten anything derogatory out of what Hyper said, but then again people never surprise me.
This. Thank you. I was trying to emphasize that you can't compare what you get from billion dollar companies with 3x price markups to a small unknown shop in Korea selling things at bargain basement prices.
Well I thought they were, if they're nor dead or stuck pixels, then I take back what I said, because I assumed they were.
As for the korean part, I'm saying any seller should respect his warranty terms, so I don't see why it makes a difference if it's a company or a person, unless one or the other doesn't respect his own terms.
I'm not sure what they would be classified as but if you go back a few pages you'll see pictures I posted showing these "whatever they are" at different distances. And you'll see there's maybe 5 or 6 visible ones, and even then only barely, and on a full-black backdrop. It's not an actual visual/usage issue. And I want people to be aware of that before they buy them. Because there's no "walk back to the store and return it" options.
I see, found some information about it. Is that the case with every monitor or just one of the many things that can happen?
My hypothesis is that it is the adhesive used on the gloss surface or fine dust particles stuck during the gloss surface application refracting on a dark background. They are only apparent on a solid black background and you have to be looking directly at them from under around 1 foot away to really see them. Not a huge deal IMO but something to be aware of.
Do you guys think by buying a perfect pixel monitor will avoid this issue,or is this not pixel related.
In regard to this issue, as it doesn't seem to be a pixel issue (as VEGA mentioned, more likely an adhesive issue)
Not sure where I had heard that the panels came with the adhesive already applied from LG, and weren't done by the individual manufacturer.
As long as it isn't noticeable....... I would not care but if it is and it is distracting I would want to know the warranty covers me
I love it when ragers bury themselves so deep in rage there is no way out! You get in in BF3 Metro all the time. I get accused of hacking daily, which I take as a compliment these days, but you just simply point out how utterly idiotic/childish/stupid they are being...only to get more and more rage...until there is a utter silence , when they realise what an utter tool they have just made of themselves :)
To be honest I would definitely try to return this monitor too, this seems to be a very rare occurence right?
But yeah I wouldn't have at it like this, just for my own sake. You don't want to anger the people that can help you with this.
Somewhat common, actually. You don't see those specs while using the monitor though. Many of you have it but just don't see it. For some reason they should up very clearly in upclose pictures. But unless you stick your head a few inches from the screen, and look at it straight on, you won't even see them.
Price Any< $100,000$100,000 to $150,000$150,000 to $200,000$200,000 to $250,000$250,000 to $300,000$300,000 to $350,000$350,000 to $400,000$400,000 to $500,000$500,000 to $600,000$600,000 to $1 mil$1 mil +
Contact us if you'd like more information on finding your dream home or preparing to sell your home.
Dear Visitors i have decided to move in a different direction as of late and have created a new site. That is why you have been finding alot of dead video cause i have been busy with this new site, it is still in progress with me updating it with new shows every day i have now around thirty shows available for you to watch for free just click on the link i have provided below this text
Click Here: WWW.GRIPPIO.COM Has all the episodes of over 30 shows including all you see here. Don't worry i haven't forgotten about the shows just improved the set up on a new site.
The streaming videos that has been found here are hosted by third party. Any copyrighted videos is a property of the original copyright holder. Therefore any violations, the owner of the blog is not liable.
Sep 07 04:11:08 maximian	mircea_popescu: it would be interesting to see a graph of mpex daily volume
If this is your first comment, it will wait to be approved. This usually takes a few hours. Subsequent comments are not delayed.
Pick a month November 2018 (6) October 2018 () September 2018 (15) August 2018 (19) July 2018 (18) June 2018 (22) May 2018 (25) April 2018 (27) March 2018 (29) February 2018 (23) January 2018 (23) December 2017 (22) November 2017 (30) October 2017 (40) September 2017 (33) August 2017 (26) July 2017 (22) June 2017 (12) May 2017 (32) April 2017 (29) March 2017 (27) February 2017 (27) January 2017 (37) December 2016 (50) November 2016 (29) October 2016 (33) September 2016 (30) August 2016 (38) July 2016 (36) June 2016 (31) May 2016 (34) April 2016 (34) March 2016 (31) February 2016 (24) January 2016 (27) December 2015 (24) November 2015 (29) October 2015 (39) September 2015 (24) August 2015 (32) July 2015 (26) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (40) April 2015 (38) March 2015 (34) February 2015 (45) January 2015 (50) December 2014 (38) November 2014 (43) October 2014 (43) September 2014 (40) August 2014 (33) July 2014 (39) June 2014 (40) May 2014 (39) April 2014 (45) March 2014 (43) February 2014 (34) January 2014 (55) December 2013 (35) November 2013 (56) October 2013 (51) September 2013 (39) August 2013 (28) July 2013 (36) June 2013 (34) May 2013 (33) April 2013 (34) March 2013 (38) February 2013 (53) January 2013 (54) December 2012 (50) November 2012 (53) October 2012 (50) September 2012 (65) August 2012 (80) July 2012 (150) June 2012 (77) May 2012 (104) April 2012 (83) March 2012 (109) February 2012 (124) January 2012 (147) December 2011 (119) November 2011 (130) October 2011 (102) September 2011 (1708) August 2011 (116) July 2011 (164) June 2011 (139) May 2011 (112) April 2011 (114) March 2011 (138) February 2011 (104) January 2011 (99) December 2010 (103) November 2010 (98) October 2010 (93) September 2010 (104) August 2010 (101) July 2010 (107) June 2010 (111) May 2010 (113) April 2010 (145) March 2010 (89) February 2010 (67) January 2010 (66) December 2009 (41) November 2009 (51) October 2009 (59) September 2009 (64) August 2009 (52) July 2009 (45) June 2009 (43) May 2009 (62) April 2009 (57) March 2009 (59) February 2009 (55) January 2009 (44) December 2008 (2)
trimAl is a tool for the automated removal of spurious sequences or poorly aligned regions from a multiple sequence alignment Access trimAl publication
trimAl can consider several parameters, alone or in multiple combinations, in order to select the most-reliable positions in the alignment. These include the proportion of sequences with a gap, the level of residue similarity and, if several alignments for the same set of sequences are provided, the consistency level of columns among alignments. Moreover, trimAl is able to manually select a set of columns to be removed from the alignment.
Additionally, trimAl implements a series of automated algorithms that apply different thresholds, based on the characteristics of each alignment, to be used so that the signal-to-noise ratio after alignment trimming phase is optimized.
Moreover, the user can remove spurious sequences from the alignment before applying any method to improve the alignment's quality.
Among trimAl's additional features, trimAl allows getting the complementary alignment (columns that were trimmed), to compute statistics from the alignment, to select the output file format, to get a summary of trimAl's trimming in HTML format, and many other options.
trimAl is being developed by the Comparative Genomics Group at the Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG) at Barcelona, Spain.
In this site you can find the user manual, publications, news and also information related to the trimAl package. In this package, you can also find readAl, a tool for format alignment conversion.
I'm a 1976 model with farely low mileage even though I've got three kids born in 1996, 2004 and 2008. I live in Rognan in northern Norway with Geir Tore, our kids and our two adorable, but crazy cats. I've been scrapping since 2005 and I guess I'll never quit ;)
Many online loan providers particularly concentrate on awarding the bad credit fast loan. Regardless if you are searching for any guaranteed or perhaps a non-guaranteed loan, they then can present […]
Provides easy way to down-clip-troll youtube video clips faster than ever, user can able to down clip troll videos in many formats. Trollclip is a webshite that offers the latest and greatest video clips, free video and high quality down clip trolls. Keep up to date with the latest singles.
In another sign of how Silicon Beach is winning the geek culture war with Silicon Valley, the Snap, Inc. stock price is up 60 percent in its second day of trading versus Facebook IPO shares price crashing by 47 percent in the first three months after their IPO.
The Snap, Inc. initial public offering not only raised $3.4 billion on a $24 billion valuation, but the company’s shareholders and engineer that hold stock options are ecstatic with the stock jumping up by 65 percent to a $38 billion valuation.
Breitbart News reported Snap, Inc. lead underwriters, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, had indicated that demand for shares in the IPO was oversubscribed by 1,000 percent in what was being called the hottest tech deal since the 2014 IPO of China’s Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. But rather than raising the IPO price dramatically, Snap management chose to leave a fortune on the table for its shareholders and employees.
But, the appreciation of shareholders and employees by Silicon Beach’s most iconic company compares to the bitterness and great gnashing of teeth against Silicon Valley’s disastrous 2012 Facebook IPO.
Facebook announced in May 2012 that they would go public at a price per share of $28 a share, according to the WSJ. But the company’s CEO Mark Zuckerberg chose to wear a hoodie sweatshirt during the investor roadshow, rather than a business suit. He also avoided answering technical questions about the business by making potential investors listen to a 30-minute video that some described as a celebration of the cult of Zuckerberg.
With spectacular demand for the IPO shares, Facebook decided to harvest the maximum amount of cash by raising the expected offering price several times to $38 a share and then increasing the number of new IPO shares offered by 25 percent.
Facebook’s first stock trade was at $42.05, but shares fell continuously for the rest of the day, closing at just $38.23. Facebook’s stock price fell in 9 of the next 13 trading days and by August 20, 2012, the stock closed at $20.11, a 47 percent loss from the IPO price.
The Bay Area may still be home to the world’s most advanced software coders, but Silicon Beach tech companies are increasingly benefiting from being next to Hollywood, an industry that knows a lot about creating engaging content and positive customer experience.
Venture capitalist Adam Lilling, founder and managing partner of Culver City-based Plus Capital, told NPR that it used to be horrendously difficult to get top software engineers to relocate to Los Angeles because they thought it would be career suicide. “Nobody, not one person, would move down no matter what the offer was. Even though they wanted to move to L.A., some people felt like they weren’t going to get another job if our company went away,” Lilling said.
But when the critical mass of L.A. start-ups just reached over 1,000 companies in 2015, engineers had plenty of options if their current startup went bust. He called the culture of Silicon Beach a lifestyle play, because “people who are traditionally thought of as liking cold, dark, quiet spaces like ocean views as much as everyone else.”
Kerala SET Hall Ticket 2017 : As we all Know recently the Government Of Kerala Education Board has Released a Notification to recruit the Eligible and Interested Candidates for the KSET Kerala State Eligibility Test LBS Centre for the Science and Technology (A Government of Kerala State Undertaking) that is Scheduled and to Conduct the Kerala State Eligibility Test (K Set) July 2017 on the Date of 20th August 2017.There is a Huge Number of Candidates have Applied For this KSET 2017 Notification,Candidates who are Interested and Eligible they have Applied for this KSET 2017 Examination.Candidates Who has Applied and now they are searching for the Kerala SET Hall Ticket 2017 as it is the Very Important Document to Carry to The Examination,Candidates who are Searching for the Kerala SET Hall Ticket 2017 and For the Exam Can Download at the Official Website, Hall Ticket Contains Details of the Candidates that Regarding as it is the Roll Number Etc, Now Official Notification will release the Kerala SET Hall Ticket 2017 Today at their Official Website.on the Date of August 9th 2017 as per the Official Schedule,Candidates Can Download the Admit Card From the Official Website of the LBS Centre for the Science and Technology or Below we have Mentioned the Direct Link to Download the KSET Admit Card 2017 Check Below Mentioned Link. For More Hall Ticket Download Here.
Kerala SET Hall Ticket 2017 to ensure the Standards of Teaching in Higher Secondary Course and the Government have Decided to Conduct the State Eligibility Test for the Candidates to be Selected as the Higher Secondary School Teacher and Non-Vocational Teachers in VHSE. For the State Eligibility Test SET there will be Need a Pass Certificate as that is Mandatory Requirement for the Appointment as the Higher Secondary School Teacher in the State as Per the Special Rules in the Schools
As this Year the Kerala SET 2017 July Examination is Going to Conduct on the Date of 20th August 2017, there will be Two Papers for the SET-July-2017 i.e Paper I and II. Paper I is a Common Subject for all the Candidates as that it is Consists of Two Parts, Part (A) General Knowledge and in the Part (B) Will be Aptitude in Teaching.Paper II will be a Test Based that on the Subject of the Specialization of the Candidates at the Graduate (PG) Level.There will be a Total of 120 Questions in Each of the Paper of Kerala SET 2017 Examination.
When most homeowners think about home gutter maintenance, they think about performing it during the summer and fall. Gutter maintenance is not often thought about during the wintertime; however, winter may actually be one of the most important times of year to perform maintenance on your home’s gutter system. By becoming familiar with how to protect your gutters during the colder weather, your roof and gutter system as a whole will thank you in the long run.…
Asphalt is the most common type of paving material, and for good reason: it is extremely affordable, easy to install, and can be used within hours of being properly laid down under the right conditions. However, no paving material is completely immune to damage due to weather exposure, and asphalt is no exception. In order to keep your asphalt in good structural condition, you need to make sure that you have it regularly sealed to protect the top layer from degrading.…
If you have a cracked windshield, you may believe that the minor damage couldn’t possibly hurt anything or anyone. However, there are a couple of reasons why that crack in your windshield could cause serious injuries if you were ever in an accident. Any Impact Could Shatter the Glass When your windshield is intact, the thick glass is usually strong enough to withstand the vibrations from small impacts. Even if another vehicle hits your car, the tempered glass is designed to crack with a decreased chance of shattering.…
When I finally got the promotion at work I had been waiting years for, the first thing on my wife and I's agenda was to finally build that new home we had wanted to for so long. We had already been saving for the down payment and the promotion offered the extra income stability we needed to take the plunge. When we started planning the home with the builders, we learned just how many small and large decisions have to be made during the building process. However, making those decisions was very exciting and we now love our new home that is just perfect for our needs. I enjoy sharing stories of the building process with friends, so I thought I would start a blog to share my stories with the world along with home building and remodeling tips and tricks. Come back soon!
When most homeowners think about home gutter maintenance, they think about performing it during the summe
Asphalt is the most common type of paving material, and for good reason: it is extremely affordable, easy
If you have a cracked windshield, you may believe that the minor damage couldn't possibly hurt anything o
3 Tips To Help Your Construction Company Ensure Erosion Control During Your Next Project 3 July 2018
If you own a construction company and will be working on a project outdoors near public land, one of your
Do you want to add a little style to your concrete sports court? Would it also be nice to make it a littl
Deacons are ordained members of the church. They are charged with the responsibility of the ministries of care, witness, and service. Often they divide the congregation and other people connected to the church into groups that are assigned to each Deacon for care. Many times Deacons have specialized training in hospital visitation and visiting members at home. Duties of a Deacon also may include seeing that meals are brought to the sick and those who experience a death in the family, as well as welcoming visitors and friends of the church. Together with the Pastor, Deacons bring communion to those who are not able to come to worship.
For some of us, Sunday is the only time we have to catch up on the life’s events of our friends, neighbors and guests. What a perfect environment for deepening those old and new friendships – meet, share, reconnect with a relaxing cup of coffee or delicious food.
Sunday Morning – We welcome you to join us each Sunday for an array of food and drink. This will be served buffet style in the Fellowship Hall beginning at 8:30 am to 11:30 am each Sunday morning.
Old-Fashioned Potluck – Periodically we share a family style Potluck Fellowship after worship, another great way to strengthen that connection – our family of faith. Don’t worry if you don’t have time to cook; you can visit Gordy’s deli next door, leave a donation, or just come and enjoy food and fellowship. There is always plenty.
Wednesday Family Supper – During the school year, forget about cooking on Wednesday night. Bring the whole family for dinner at 5:30 pm and stay for the 6:15 pm Christian Education, Activity or Choir Practice. Ten teams rotate cooking through the year. Menus are subject to change at the cooking team’s discretion, but are always good and include a main entree, dessert and beverage. Donations are accepted.
Note: If public schools in our community cancel school due to snow emergencies or for any other reason, church events scheduled for that day and/or night will also be cancelled.
A To Z Trucking Llc is a Carrier truck company located in West Point, MS. A To Z Trucking Llc's United States DOT (Department of Transportation) number is 1833295. A To Z Trucking Llcpresently employs one truck driver as either a company driver or owner operator. Leasing opportunities may be available. A To Z Trucking Llc's commercial over-the-road transportation services may include specialized, flatbed, or heavy haul driving. 1 of A To Z Trucking Llc's trucks include auxiliary power units.
This information was obtained from the United States Department of Transportation and individual State Departments of Transportation. The above information should be verified directly with these government agencies.
TruckCompaniesIn.com does not in any way guarantee or warranty the current accuracy of this information. You should contact any company on this site directly to get more detailed information, such as whether it is currently hiring and its hiring requirements.
Thank you very much for your great service and excellent communication. I was very pleased with your service. Please pass this along to all those who were involved in the process and shipment of my Household Items. Thank you, Akhilesh
You all took excellent care of my shipment.You left me nothing to worry about. The price was excellent.The packing was excellent and the delivery was exceptionally fast. Job WELL!! Done. Thank you. Shyampal
Truckwaale.com is the best services provider in India in the field of Transportation, Warehousing, supply chain management and project handling. Truckwaale.com company is a subsidiary of BGC India. We have branches all over India. Truckwaale.com provides you with the best rates and time bound delivery. Balkara Logistics is one of India’s Larges transport company with more than 60 years experience in Internat..
Cash Money for Solution!! I need a working prototype by beginning of May and so far I've got 2 problems: 1. Mapbox Dataset integration is not working 2. Grid functionality works only partially At this stage I'm happy to pay someone to help me solve these issues in framer via fb or Skype. Comment how much you'd charge in USD and let's get this done! @Moderators I'm not sure if this post is against terms of use and I apologize if it is. Cheers – Framer
At this stage I'm happy to pay someone to help me solve these issues in framer via fb or Skype. Comment how much you'd charge in USD and let's get this done!
No doctor`s visits Only FDA approved drugs Save and easy buy! Satisfaction guaranted World lowest price
However, the BBC iPlayer website is accessible for Linux users to stream programmes. Downloads are also available via a compatible Amazon Fire, Android or. 24 Mar The LNX-BBC is a miniature Linux-based GNU distribution, small enough to fit on a CD-ROM that has been cut, pressed, or molded to the size. 8 Mar Microsoft is producing a version of its database software that runs on the rival Linux operating system.
Release , released in May , served as a transition release between Linuxcare and LNX-BBC, with both projects offering the. 26 Mar TOC Difficulties with Streaming BBC Radio on Linux Using Browser Spoofing to grab the BBC Radio Streaming URLs Playing the BBC Radio. 7 Apr I am running Mint , still very much a learner, and have just tried to download a programme only to find that I need to install iPlayer.
5 Dec You can download BBC shows from iPlayer using software for Linux called get- iplayer. Because get-iplayer downloads the whole programme. The BBC is to launch a streaming version of its iPlayer for Macs and Linux - but has refused to commit to a full download service for non-Windows platforms. Downloads TV and radio programmes from BBC iPlayer; Allows multiple to MP4 and AtomicParsley for metadata tagging; Runs on Linux/BSD (Ubuntu. 1 BBC Linux jobs in Preston, North West England, England. Search job openings , see if they fit - company salaries, reviews, and more posted by BBC. Hosting News: Canonical, the developer behind one of the most popular Linux operating system (OS) distributions - Ubuntu, has joined the Open Source.
CITpax issued a series of reports from March to September 2012 about the Iranian nuclear crisis. These reports summarize media and analytical documents on the issue providing a range of regional and international perspectives.
This spot is a must, the place to go for all leather lover. The items can be simple or fancy, leather has no secrets for Patrick
Don't expect to find any standard piece of work in this incredible place. This master of creation, inspired by the comi strip world and attracted by science fiction, has his own way of working. His first task is to guess his costumers' personality. It is not just a business; the approach is based on a human relationship.
This creator has a true passion for this noble and lively material which does stimulate his imagination. The quality of his work comes from those magical encounters taking place in this workshop. "We can make anything with leather , mould it for example.
You can do anything with leather. You can mold and work this material to fell it warm up and take the body's shape. In the end you get the best result: the customer and his leather make one. For each lifestyle there is a specific leather type.
Fours years ago, Patrick's talent was aknowledged by his peers. He was given the noble title of "craftsman". Today, he would like ti spare some extra time creating stager clothes. In Poitiers, the "Futuroscope" owns some of his creations. We can also see Patrick's work in the musical "The Ten Commandments" for which he did create Moses' clothes with a little help from Costumessa.
lFurthermore, this craftsman does work on clothes for various artists such as this couple from Lyon on tour worldwide with shows inspired by cartoons and science fiction.
"I have to tell you, I took the course and have implemented her strategies and am already seeing results. There are some courses I have taken and have wondered what I learned after I took it. That is not the case with this course. This is one of those courses you won’t regret taking. Michelle knows what she is talking about when it comes to affiliate marketing and she has results to prove it. She brings in over $50,000 a month in affiliate income alone. And now she is teaching us how we can do the same thing." - Crystal, Blogger, HappilyEverUncluttered.com
After being accepted into an affiliate program, marketers receive a unique URL that includes their affiliate ID. They share that unique URL with their subscribers, site visitors, and social networks via text links or ads. When someone clicks on that link, affiliate software records that click and any resulting product sales in the affiliate’s account. When commissions reach a pre-determined threshold, the affiliate is paid.
In February 2000, Amazon announced that it had been granted a patent[14] on components of an affiliate program. The patent application was submitted in June 1997, which predates most affiliate programs, but not PC Flowers & Gifts.com (October 1994), AutoWeb.com (October 1995), Kbkids.com/BrainPlay.com (January 1996), EPage (April 1996), and several others.[9]
Affiliate marketing overlaps with other Internet marketing methods to some degree, because affiliates often use regular advertising methods. Those methods include organic search engine optimization (SEO), paid search engine marketing (PPC – Pay Per Click), e-mail marketing, content marketing, and (in some sense) display advertising. On the other hand, affiliates sometimes use less orthodox techniques, such as publishing reviews of products or services offered by a partner.[citation needed]
So many webmasters overlook this critical component of a successful site. However, it is one that is easily corrected. A complete course in copywriting is outside the scope of this article, but to point you in the right direction, I would suggest that you start with "Tested Advertising Methods" by John Caples, followed by "Web Copy That Sells" by Maria Veloso.
Focus on reviewing products that fall within your niche. Then, leveraging the rapport you have created with your audience and your stance as an expert, tell your readers why they would benefit from purchasing the product you are promoting. It is especially effective to compare this product to others in the same category. Most importantly, make sure you are generating detailed, articulate content to improve conversions.
Review : I found the course comprehensive and I learned a lot. I wish I found this course when I still owned my Brick and Mortar store, it would have made a big difference in increasing my traffic. I had people coming into my store years after I was open telling me they had no idea my store existed. I used social media but now I see I wasn’t utilizing the platforms to their true potential and that they were not fully optimized at all. I look forward to using what I learned in this course on my next adventure. Makes me excited to get going. Thanks Diego. – Shawn Vesper
If your domain is your address, hosting is like the actual house within which your site will live. It's your own little slice of the internet — the place where all your website files live. Hosting is very affordable these days, so don't unnecessarily scrimp on costs. Go with a reputable, reliable provider because your affiliate marketing business depends on it.
I wish I could give more than 5 stars because this course deserves more stars. I have learned a lot by taking this course. I was able to complete two websites making them look half way decent because I used what was taught to create the websites in a matter of days. I still have to add content to the website but I was able to accomplish more by taking this course than I have by taking other courses. I really felt like I accomplished something by taking this course. I plan to watch it again several times. This course is great for anyone wanting to build a website. The website does not have to be an affiliate website. I advise everyone to use the same theme that he uses in the course. I will take more of his courses for sure. – Latoya Simmons
I have developed what I think is a pretty cool 11-part auto responder series that solves a critical problem people have in my niche - it includes a number of affiliate links as well (although not clickbank - yet). I currently have a squeeze page set up which I'm driving traffic to through using FB ads, but I'm finding that I'm having to pay way too much for every conversion ( > $1.50 per conversion).
Just like to add 1 additional "CON" to the list of Pros and Cons of Clickbank. Their rule on paying out the commissions earned. You must have 5 sales all from different credit card accounts before they will pay you what you have earned. That flat out sucks!. Affiliates work hard to get even 1 sale and because of Clickbanks rule, lose that money over time if they cannot get another 4 sales, the commission keeps reducing steadily if 4 more sales are not forthcoming. Clickbank has got to change that rule, which many feel is illegal!. A sale, is a sale, and the commission must be paid out. Basically, Clickbank is "Ripping-Off" affiliate marketers.
Its amazing of the many affiliate programs that are out there where people are making a good living from them. For example the few that you mention that has such a great training model, wealthy affiliate tops them all because of the way this business is structure and I believe that wealthy affiliate has the best training program in the world when it comes to affiliate marketing. Thanks for sharing.
Affiliate marketing currently lacks industry standards for training and certification. There are some training courses and seminars that result in certifications; however, the acceptance of such certifications is mostly due to the reputation of the individual or company issuing the certification. Affiliate marketing is not commonly taught in universities, and only a few college instructors work with Internet marketers to introduce the subject to students majoring in marketing.[37]
If you are interested in learning the process behind building a WordPress website then you should look at Learn how to Build High Quality Affiliate Websites. This will help you not just learn how to promote but also get you going with setting up the wordpress website and then promote relevant products. Andrew’s course is a Bestselling Course and we have no doubts why. The following pointers should help you make up your mind. Think of this program like going to affiliate marketing school.
Before jumping into starting an affiliate marketing business, learn all that's involved in making it a success. More importantly, if you decide to pursue an affiliate marketing business, or want to add affiliate marketing to an existing business, understand that it's not fast, automatic, nor without effort. Like all home businesses, ​you need a plan and daily involvement to make money with an online affiliate marketing.
That way, if you decide to write a review to promote it or send the affiliate link for the product's sales page to your email list, etc., you will have first-hand knowledge of how it works. This will help you to decide it the product has real value pertaining to your niche. I, personally, won't sell anything I haven't tried myself to be sure they work as advertised. Selling just to make money with no real value is a sure way to lose customers and ultimately destroy your business. Bad reputations are hard to get rid of once you get one, especially when there's money involved. With that being said, I hope you all have a great holiday season.
affiliate marketing free tools free training for affiliate marketing | affiliate marketing with free traffic affiliate marketing with google adwords
​The products and services you will be promoting to your audience must be relevant and good quality. Make sure you believe in them and know everything about them, because this will be crucial to you delivering the sales pitch to your audience. You need to build trust with your audience so make sure the products and services you choose to promote are trustworthy enough.
I see the great potential and endless possibilities in making money on line. I also saw the numerous youtube blogs stating how they can help you make thousands of dollars a day. However, the ones I read were a bunch of fluff. I really want to do the CB business but not sure how comfortable I feel about blogging but willing to try it. Do you have a course or a one-on-one you can help me get started.
Lauren McManus is a well-known Pinterest expert from Create and Go as well as other successful websites and courses. I asked her to share her best Pinterest tips as a bonus for my course because I am a huge believer in Pinterest and how it can help you to improve your affiliate income. This strategy has allowed her to receive hundreds of thousands of visitors from Pinterest, significantly improving her income.
The best potential of affiliate marketing is achieved by its integration into online marketing and coordinating activities with search engine optimization, search engine marketing, social media marketing, email marketing and influencer marketing. This chapter highlights approaches and strategies for both affiliates and merchants who want to use other segments of online marketing to boost the performance of their affiliate campaign.
Always fill out the comment box to “sell” your platform. If you are given the opportunity to explain why you are interested in a program, do it! Use the space to highlight why you would be an asset to the program. Talk about how your audience is their audience. Talk about the size of your mailing list (if it’s significant). Talk about your success with similar programs. Talk about where and how you will promote (hopefully you’ve done a bit of research so you know what they’re hoping for). Don’t sound desperate and certainly don’t lie about anything, but be upfront and honest about how this will be a win for them.
Access more than a hundred courses on various aspects of affiliate marketing and related domains on Skillshare, by simply subscribing to the platform for nearly zero cost. The best part is that you are not charged until a few months, so you can test things out and cancel subscription at any point if you want. The courses here include techniques on how to drive traffic to your website for free, how to use Instagram for promoting offers, how to set up an Affiliate Business and a lot more.
Great tips! Since I just started blogging in January I am still really just getting my toes wet in affiliates. However, I did notice that pictures and real life demonstrations of the product really help. For instance, I have several food posts where I talk about my favorite cook books and show what I have cooked out of them, and then included amazon links, sure enough I sold a few cook books.
This, is most likely one of the absolutely best courses on building amazon affiliate sites. Trust me, the explanations are extremely in-depth and understandable, I never had any experience in this field but I learned everything with ease and got to work right away thanks to the instructor’s very broad understanding of SEO. This is easily one of the top affiliate marketing courses and I realy thank the instructor for putting together such an amazing course, and sharing it with other people. If you want an A-Z explanation of amazon affiliate marketing, you will not be dissapointed by this course! – Beleuta Teodor
I’ve learned so much with this course! KC Tan is an excellent instructor. He covers all the bases. Also, his facebook group and email list have both been a great value for me. I’ve made money using this method, and I’m hoping to start making even more by learning list building details in another of his courses that I just started. So glad I came across his courses. – Maya Brown
The Education at WA isn't just simple, it's better in every single way. From the moment that you join you are going to be walked through our state of the art, step by step training platform. For newbies and advanced marketers alike, our focus with all of our training is teaching you how to create a successful, long term business within the online space.
Streetdirectory.com, Travel and Leisure in Singapore provides a variety of customized Singapore street directory, Hotels and Hostels, Singapore Images, Real estate, Search for Singapore Private Limited Companies, Singapore Wine and Dine Guide, Bus Guide and Asia Destinations. Our travel guide includes Singapore Travel Guide, Bali Guide, Bali Maps, UK Destinations, KL Travel Guide, Malaysia Guide, Johor Guide, Hong Kong Guide and is widely used by travelers and backpackers, expats and tourists around the world including Canada, South America, Europeans and Australians. Singapore Jobs
All our courses are beginners level. Even though the courses are beginners level, we advise, that you read the course material before taking your test. There are 50 questions in each exam. The passing score is 50%. The time limit is 60 minutes (i.e. 1 hour). This means, that you need to answer correct on at least 25 out of 50 questions, within 1 hour, in order to pass the test. The questions are multiple choice questions. Once you pass you can download your certification.
Cost per click was more common in the early days of affiliate marketing but has diminished in use over time due to click fraud issues very similar to the click fraud issues modern search engines are facing today. Contextual advertising programs are not considered in the statistic pertaining to the diminished use of cost per click, as it is uncertain if contextual advertising can be considered affiliate marketing.
Education occurs most often in "real life" by becoming involved and learning the details as time progresses. Although there are several books on the topic, some so-called "how-to" or "silver bullet" books instruct readers to manipulate holes in the Google algorithm, which can quickly become out of date,[37] or suggest strategies no longer endorsed or permitted by advertisers.[38]
The Education at WA isn't just simple, it's better in every single way. From the moment that you join you are going to be walked through our state of the art, step by step training platform. For newbies and advanced marketers alike, our focus with all of our training is teaching you how to create a successful, long term business within the on-line space.
#2 Breaks things down into stages. On top of that this course also breaks things down in stages. Stage 1 is The Authority Site System which shows you how to build a thriving affiliate business by driving search traffic from Google to your website. Stage 2 and Stage 3 cover more advanced topics like email marketing, social media, and even creating your own product.
Justine has managed affiliate programs for companies such as Shopify and Freshbooks. She is able to give this course a fresh prospective - from that of an affiliate manager! This is an amazing bonus that will show you how to always get approved to an affiliate program. She has assessed thousands of applications over the years and there's a lot that goes into the yes/no.
The trainers Phil Ebiner and Diego Davila are very proficient when it comes to all things digital marketing. Having taught 600,000+ students on a variety of subjects till date, they are more experienced than you can believe. Affiliate marketing is incomplete without in depth knowledge of digital marketing and that is exactly what this course wishes to fulfill in 32.5 hours of intense training. You will learn about platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest in addition to finding more about Email Marketing, Quora, Google Adwords and much more.
The implementation of affiliate marketing on the internet relies heavily on various techniques built into the design of many web-pages and websites, and the use of calls to external domains to track user actions (click tracking, Ad Sense) and to serve up content (advertising) to the user. Most of this activity adds time[citation needed] and is generally a nuisance to the casual web-surfer and is seen as visual clutter.[citation needed] Various countermeasures have evolved over time to prevent or eliminate the appearance of advertising when a web-page is rendered. Third party programs (Ad-Aware, Adblock Plus, Spybot, pop-up blockers, etc.) and particularly, the use of a comprehensive HOSTS file can effectively eliminate the visual clutter and the extra time and bandwidth needed to render many web pages. The use of specific entries in the HOSTS file to block these well-known and persistent marketing and click-tracking domains can also aid in reducing a system's exposure to malware by preventing the content of infected advertising or tracking servers to reach a user's web-browser.[citation needed]
I'm just starting at Clickbank, so I'm a total newbie, but if I want to follow this strategy can I do it promoting just one product, for example, Category>Health & Fitness ---> X product. Then, should i start a blog or something like that where i can talk about things related to the product subject? if so, do i have to start making entries about this recurrently? or I can opt for just making an article with a free ebook in exchange to user's e-mails and follow the process?
Websites and services based on Web 2.0 concepts—blogging and interactive online communities, for example—have impacted the affiliate marketing world as well. These platforms allow improved communication between merchants and affiliates. Web 2.0 platforms have also opened affiliate marketing channels to personal bloggers, writers, and independent website owners. Contextual ads allow publishers with lower levels of web traffic to place affiliate ads on websites.[citation needed]
Some advertisers offer multi-tier programs that distribute commission into a hierarchical referral network of sign-ups and sub-partners. In practical terms, publisher "A" signs up to the program with an advertiser and gets rewarded for the agreed activity conducted by a referred visitor. If publisher "A" attracts publishers "B" and "C" to sign up for the same program using his sign-up code, all future activities performed by publishers "B" and "C" will result in additional commission (at a lower rate) for publisher "A".
Cost per mille requires only that the publisher make the advertising available on his or her website and display it to the page visitors in order to receive a commission. Pay per click requires one additional step in the conversion process to generate revenue for the publisher: A visitor must not only be made aware of the advertisement but must also click on the advertisement to visit the advertiser's website.
Affiliates work to introduce their visitors to the merchant’s brand. They might write a post about a new product or promotion on the merchant’s site, feature banner ads on their site that drive people to the merchant’s site, or offer visitors a special coupon code. If people come from that affiliate’s site and make a purchase, that affiliate gets paid.
The Ultimate Affiliate Marketing Guide-has recently released there affiliate marketing guide, and it’s available for download on Amazon as a Kindle edition and on our website in PDF format. This ultimate ebook consists of over 60 pages of insightful knowledge about affiliate marketing, industry news, actionable affiliate techniques and answers to crucial performance marketing related questions.
This adds, even more, value to the course. I want to help you with your blog so that you can increase traffic, your income, and so that you can help your followers, so what's better than this? Two Saturdays a month, there will be a group coaching session in the private Mastermind group for students in the course. It will be called "Ask Michelle Saturday." This is your time to get feedback and support from me, and you can ask any questions related to your business, course material, your affiliate strategy, blog, and so on. I will answer every question in the group coaching session.
Due to the fact we thousands of different business-related templates, we are asking ourselves, if it possible to setup clickbank in such a way it adapts the Clickbank presented content to a keyword we give so that it's matches up with the content on our website. For example, if our page contains a drop shipping agreement template only drop shipping related Clickbank content if presented.
While the world goes gaga over Digital Marketing, few seem to be discussing affiliate marketing in depth. A true gem, a lot of digital marketing in the future will be reliant on affiliate marketing. While social media marketing helps create buzz, search engine marketing helps drive traffic, affiliate marketers helps converts traffic into leads and sales. As the focus on ROI and analytics grows, more businesses will demand (they have started demanding already) people to showcase the exact value of digital marketing efforts. If there is one decisive way to measure digital marketing, it’s affiliate marketing. Keeping all that in mind, we’ve reviewed and listed 7 Best Affiliate Marketing Courses and Training for 2017.
Most businesses require startup fees as well as a cash flow to finance the products being sold. However, affiliate marketing can be done at a low cost, meaning you can get started quickly and without much hassle. There are no affiliate program fees to worry about and no need to create a product. Beginning this line of work is relatively straightforward.
allplan learn affiliate marketing using facebook ads for affiliate marketing | affiliate marketing how it works affiliate marketing in kenya
In the past, large affiliates were the mainstay, as catch-all coupon and media sites gave traffic to hundreds or thousands of advertisers. This is not so much the case anymore. With consumers using long-tail keywords and searching for very specific products and services, influencers can leverage their hyper-focused niche for affiliate marketing success. Influencers may not send advertisers huge amounts of traffic, but the audience they do send is credible, targeted, and has higher conversion rates.
Great question! Think about this… How many people would have a Facebook profile, if it wasn’t free? How many people would do searches on Google if it wasn’t free? How many people would use Skype, if it wasn’t free? Did Facebook, Google and Skype do great, while being free? Yes. We also believe, that free stuff is great. That’s why, all our courses are 100% free.
Take advantage of marketing tools whenever possible. Many affiliate programs offer useful resources to their affiliates aimed at helping affiliates make more sales. These range from monthly newsletters highlighting upcoming sales, tips or affiliate case studies, Facebook Groups just for affiliates, private webinars explaining marketing strategies in depth and more. Ultimate Bundles does this exceptionally well.
While the world goes gaga over Digital Marketing, few seem to be discussing affiliate marketing in depth. A true gem, a lot of digital marketing in the future will be reliant on affiliate marketing. While social media marketing helps create buzz, search engine marketing helps drive traffic, affiliate marketers helps converts traffic into leads and sales. As the focus on ROI and analytics grows, more businesses will demand (they have started demanding already) people to showcase the exact value of digital marketing efforts. If there is one decisive way to measure digital marketing, it’s affiliate marketing. These are best suited for both affiliate marketing beginners and experienced professionals. Of the thousands of methods to make money online, Affiliate Marketing stands out. It has been more than a decade that thousands have turned millionaires simply by mastering this art and its your turn to grow and shine now.
Geno Prussakov of AM Navigator said: “In 2018, we will see significantly higher numbers of affiliate marketing programs run in truly smart ways. Their output will be increased through (i) continuous diversification of affiliate base (by now Google has done a great job teaching everyone “not to put all eggs in one basket”), (ii) extensive use of available technologies (for better attribution, wider reach, shrewder decisions), and (iii) lessons learned from deep(er) analysis of what’s really going on in the program (from the value that different types of affiliates bring throughout customer journey to lifetime customer value of affiliate-referred conversions).”
An elegantly straightforward process, affiliate marketing via reviews, blogs, social media, and other platforms is a new frontier in marketing that’s just waiting to be utilized. Follow the tips included in this article, and you’ll be able to engage your audience, convert passive readers into active consumers, and enhance your paycheck one click at a time.
If this looks like a product that you might want to promote, you want to head over to your spreadsheet and enter all the information here in the different categories. Of course, you want to take a good look at the sales page to make sure that product is a good fit for your audience. To do that, click on the link at the top of the box. In this case, the sales page is a video, which is very common for Clickbank products. You just want to watch the video and see if it’s something that your audience would appreciate. If you get to the point where the product seems like a good fit, the sales page is a good fit, then you want to buy the product just to make sure. A lot of times on Clickbank, there are products with really great sales pages that make all these promises, and then when you buy the product, it’s actually not very good. Just to make sure you don’t burn any bridges with your audience, just buy the product. It’s usually pretty affordable, just to make sure that it’s something that they will appreciate if they end up investing in it.
Don’t exhaust all the information about the product with your link. Offer enough information to your readers so they know what the link is, but I don’t recommend giving too much detail on your own site for a two reasons. First, product information, like price, often changes. If you mention the price on your site and someone clicks over and finds a different price, it’s confusing. Second, many times, the product details and features are better explained by the makers of the product. It’s best to stick to your own experience on your site.
For example, the content on Super Weddings is useful whether you're organizing a wedding today or next year. All the content on the site is created accordingly. To make things easier for the audience, it is separated into categories to make it very convenient for the reader to find what they're looking for. This, of course, is also very good for SEO.
Site Build It - Site Build It is my second choice for learning how to create an online business. The training is very good and you get one website with hosting included. There is no free option, which is one of the reasons that it is not my first choice. I started here back in 2007 and the education that I received was very valuable and helped me to achieve a great level of success.
One of the main reasons why most newbie affiliate marketers give up after 3 months is the fact that they can’t build up traffic to their affiliate website. It’s a thorn in most marketers’ sides, but one that can be easily resolved if you put the effort in. Below I have covered a few areas that will get you good targeted traffic to your affiliate deals.
What a great post mate.This is brilliant for newbies who are struggling to get a start and build up some confidence in their ability to become successful.Just getting those first few sign ups and a sale or two is very inspiring when you are starting out.You make some good points about giving value first and then gently selling your offer,too many marketers like to sell,sell,sell.... This drives me nuts,so I guess it happens to most potential customers.I hope to get more brilliant content from you in emails in the future to help me build my business.
Developing and monetizing microsites can also garner a serious amount of sales. These sites are advertised within a partner site or on the sponsored listings of a search engine. They are distinct and separate from the organization’s main site. By offering more focused, relevant content to a specific audience, microsites lead to increased conversions due to their simple and straightforward call to action.
I was just reading your article and it seems like all of these experts are pointing primarily towards this one course – Wealthy Affiliate. Do you have anymore information about this course? What is it exactly and how does it work? Furthermore, I actually have a bit of experience myself with Affiliorama and I find that it’s so tough because of all the information. I get so overwhelmed. Is Wealthy Affiliate better in terms of this?
A panel of 30+ global affiliate marketing experts have compiled this list of best affiliate marketing course, training, program, classes and tutorials available online for 2018. More than 25,000 professionals have benefited from this compilation, hope you do too. These include courses around Clickbank, Amazon, Instagram and multiple other platforms.
The terms of an affiliate marketing program are set by the company wanting to advertise. Early on, companies were largely paying cost per click (traffic) or cost per mile (impressions) on banner advertisements. As the technology evolved, the focus turned to commissions on actual sales or qualified leads. The early affiliate marketing programs were vulnerable to fraud because clicks could be generated by software, as could impressions.
Know when to wait. Some affiliate programs require a certain level of traffic, subscribers, etc. If that’s the case, I say it’s better to wait to apply for that program instead of applying and hoping for the best. You risk being labelled the person who can’t follow guidelines and you might also risk not be allowed into the program when you do meet the qualifications.
Do they value and help their affiliates? Some affiliate programs do an exceptional job of communicating with their affiliates, notifying them of upcoming sales, offering marketing advice or tools, offering contents and prizes during promotions and more. These types of affiliate programs are a pleasure to be a part of. Ultimate Bundles is an excellent example.
Understand where people are at in the buying cycle and promote accordingly. Spend the most time sharing affiliate links where people are ready to buy. For example, you can share affiliate links on Pinterest, but most people are not on Pinterest to buy but to look. As such, focusing your affiliate marketing strategy on Pinterest might not be the best use of your time. Review posts, for example, might be better at tipping people over the line into buying.
The next thing you want to take a look at is the bottom of the page. At the bottom of almost every page for Clickbank products, whether it’s a video sales letter like this or more of a text-based sales letter like this, there’s usually a little affiliates link. Basically, that’s a link to a number of affiliate resources that help you promote the product. You want to look for that, and then click on the link if it’s there. You want to take a look at basically what they offer you; so whether it is some banners to help you out, whether it’s a dedicated affiliate manager. If they make you sign up, you usually don’t have to do that. They usually have this ‘Already a member? Click here’, and you can just click on that and get access to the resources right away. In some cases, they have contest like this, and a lot of times they actually offer you a lot of things that can help you, like swipes and banners. Just look for things like banners, or creatives as they’re often called, and just take a look at them and see if they would be a good fit for your site. If not, no big deal; you can always go to Fiverr and get a banner made pretty cheaply. In general, I’ve found the more stuff that they give you to help you promote their product, the better, especially because when you’re first stating out, you don’t really know whether or not this is going to go well. It helps if they give you a quick banner that you can just throw up on your site to test the waters and see how well it converts on your site. If you see that they give you a lot of support in terms of creatives, then that’s a good sign that they’re going to be helpful when you actually sign up as an affiliate. Even if you don’t see a lot of banners, it’s not a deal-breaker; it’s just something that helps make the process of promoting that product a bit easier.
Many voucher code web sites use a click-to-reveal format, which requires the web site user to click to reveal the voucher code. The action of clicking places the cookie on the website visitor's computer. In the United Kingdom, the IAB Affiliate Council under chair Matt Bailey announced regulations[42] that stated that "Affiliates must not use a mechanism whereby users are encouraged to click to interact with content where it is unclear or confusing what the outcome will be."
If you have pop-ups and optins on every page, I would have to think that it would be a lot harder to convince someone to link to it. Especially since the pages where you have your optins (and probably receive the most traffic) are probably the same pages that you have your best content on as well that you'd be hoping to pitch in your outreach campaign.
I found the course extremely helpful especially as i am a beginner. Lisa is excellent at explaining which is important when you are starting out. She has made me understand the importance of finding the right niche and that to me is where most of us go wrong. I am extremely grateful for a course like this and would like to take this opportunity to thank you Lisa for creating a course that helps others! – Michelle
Affiliate Marketing Domination- Become A Super Affiliate- During this course, u will get to know some unobvious tricks and methodologies across affiliate marketing and an opportunity to learn about multiple platforms in one go. This training program includes Clickbank, CPA Marketing and Amazon.This course would let us know how to make money with and without a site and how to drive free organic traffic and monetize it.
affiliate marketing php script free what is affiliate marketing and how does it work pdf | affiliate marketing apps shopify affiliate marketing domain name tips
In this course you’ll use the same steps that entrepreneurs and startups use to create and build their businesses. This model will guide you in setting up your own automated income stream from scratch, by promoting products created by others. By the end of the course, you’ll have an affiliate website and a growing list that you can continue to monetize!
First of all - The 30-Day Challenge. This is a completely free 30-day course we put together over at MonetizePros. The goal of it is to teach you all of the critical skills in internet marketing while getting you to your first dollars in the first month as well as giving you a long-term road map to building out the business to something more serious.
The easiest and most common way to start building an audience for a website is via social media. Depending on your niche and industry, you can choose from Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and several other niche and location-specific networks. Building up an engaged and interested following on social media is a great opportunity to build relationships and once you have their trust, promote your products and services to them.
An e-commerce merchant that wants to be able to reach a wider base of internet users and shoppers may hire an affiliate. An affiliate could be the owner of multiple websites or email marketing lists; therefore, the more websites or email lists that an affiliate has, the wider his network. The affiliate that has been hired would then communicate and promote the products offered on the ecommerce platform to his network. The affiliate does this by implementing banner ads, text ads and/or links on their multiple owned websites or via email to their clientele. Advertisement could be in the form of articles, videos, images, etc., which are used to draw an audience’s attention to a service or product.
A browser extension is a plug-in that extends the functionality of a web browser. Some extensions are authored using web technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. Most modern web browsers have a whole slew of third-party extensions available for download. In recent years, there has been a constant rise in the number of malicious browser extensions flooding the web. Malicious browser extensions will often appear to be legitimate as they seem to originate from vendor websites and come with glowing customer reviews.[28] In the case of affiliate marketing, these malicious extensions are often used to redirect a user’s browser to send fake clicks to websites that are supposedly part of legitimate affiliate marketing programs. Typically, users are completely unaware this is happening other than their browser performance slowing down. Websites end up paying for fake traffic number, and users are unwitting participants in these ad schemes.
It was by pure chance that I was reading an article written by a reporter. The article was about scams but at the end, offered the services of a Canadian Company. The company was called Wealthy Affiliate and they had been in business for 15 years and had at that time over 500,000 members and this somehow looked very serious. Today they have 760,000 members, which means they are certainly doing something right.
You may also want to check out 9 Best Content Marketing Training, Courses and Certifications; Best Instagram Marketing Training and Courses and Best Courses on Coursera. In addition to that, you will find 7 Best EMail Marketing Courses really useful and the 8 Best Shopify Marketing Courses will help Increase Sales and Profits. All the training programs mentioned above are so affordable, they are nearly free affiliate marketing training.
Be honest. Talk about what you like and don’t like. Be fair and build trust. It will serve you well later. For examples, check out my review posts about Elite Blog Academy and Self Publishing 101. I get emails frequently from people who tell me they decided to purchase one of those courses through my affiliate link because it was the most balanced review they found.
Adam Bosch is a Master Digital Marketer who has been running online businesses for 7 years+. Through various methodologies across affiliate marketing, SEO, internet businesses and more, he has come up with some really important tricks that will help you grow your business online. The nuggets in this course aren’t ones that are freely available online, but deep insights that are well worth paying for.
#2: Another great program is Jon Dykstra's Niche Tycoon. This focuses on paid traffic and outsourcing content to make money with Google Adsense (and similar programs). It requires a bit more of a budget, and also has less of a support community than Wealthy Affiliate, so it's best for people with a bit of online marketing experience and some money to get their business going.
You do not need millions of page views per month to make money blogging, but it is something you will want to increase if you hope to improve your income. Once you understand what your readers want, understand how to effectively reach out to companies for partnerships, and know how to charge the correct rate, you can make a good income online, regardless of the number of page views you receive. Increasing your pages view is necessary to make money blogging, but there are many different ways to grow that number. You'll receive a PDF outlining exactly what you must do in order to increase your page views.
Creating a unique tracking ID for an Amazon link is easy. Simply log in to your Amazon affiliate dashboard, click “Account Settings” at the very top on the right, then click “Manage Tracking IDs”. From there you can make a new tracking ID so you can track which web page/campaign sold what. You can learn more about using Amazon’s Tracking IDs here.
So an effective affiliate marketing program requires some forethought. The terms and conditions have to be tight, especially if the contract agreement is to pay for traffic rather than sales. The potential for fraud in affiliate marketing is a possibility. Unscrupulous affiliates can squat on domain names with misspellings and get a commission for the redirect; they can populate online registration forms with fake or stolen information; they can purchase adwords on search terms the company already ranks high on, and so on. Even if the terms and conditions are clear, an affiliate marketing program requires that someone be monitoring affiliates and enforcing the rules. In exchange for that effort, however, a company can access motivated, creative people to help sell their product or services to the world.
what is affiliate marketing and how does it work uk affiliate marketing pyramid scheme | affiliate marketing free ebook affiliate marketing links seo
learn affiliate marketing basics kpi in affiliate marketing | how to do affiliate marketing with google adwords affiliate marketing gearbest
Making Sense Of Affiliate Marketing – An easy to follow online course that teaches you the ins and outs of affiliate marketing. It’s written by Michelle Schroder who makes $100K+ a month from her blog. A genuine super affiliate that shares her success stories and affiliate marketing techniques with her community both on her private Facebook group and on her blog.
​Be sure to check what kind of customer support you can expect from your affiliate program once you have signed up. Do your research online and if possible, speak to other sellers using the program to get their thoughts. Can you speak to someone via phone or Skype or do you have to wait 72 hours for email responses? Be clear on this because trust me, you will need support at one point or another.
If you are building a site that has the potential for information that will never age and remain useful for your audience, you have the opportunity to create what is known as evergreen content. It's important to carry out extensive keyword research before planning any evergreen content for a site like this, as your site could hugely benefit from the proper usage of keywords within such content.
Clickbank, huh... now that's a name I haven't heard in a while! I remember messing around with them back in 2011 when I was a newbie. Never did make any money with them, haha, but I've seen plenty of people who have! I've just never been any good at pushing the weight loss stuff, which I'm pretty sure is where most people make their money with Clickbank.
I, too, have always looked at ClickBank as a secondary and even tertiary monetization source. But it can be a great sources of revenue. I linked one of my articles to a related product on CB, and without really doing promotion or anything unusual, I get a few sales a week. Mind you, the keyword(s) for the post aren't that huge either. So, even though the traffic not huge on that post, it still manages to get some sales.
Most marketers need to gain these skills quickly because they are expected to bring certain results in a limited timeframe. Therefore, they research the best ways to learn affiliate marketing hoping to find some up-to-date free affiliate marketing courses, training, guides, ebooks and tutorials that will help ground them in strong fundamentals and help learn them.
affiliate marketing is a web-based business strategy that course hero affiliate marketing in kuwait | affiliate marketing logo affiliate marketing free ebook
For those who want to figure out how to sell Amazon products and make money off it, this course on 2017 Affiliate Marketing + SEO Strategy could be ideal for you. It’s a quick course that teaches how to build an amazon affiliate website, brushes you on the latest SEO techniques but may not be enough if you are looking at an advanced curriculum. The trainer Isli Hoxha, Website Developer & Growth Hacker will teach you marketing in depth.
Over the last 20 years, I have seen lots of training courses. I agree with most of your experts. Site Build It was the first good training course I took shortly after Ken Envoy launched it. I have gone the Affiliorama route and thought it was a good program for beginners. At the time I took the course, there weren’t many options for niches. I have heard good things about Chris Farrell’s program but personally have not taken it. Wealthy Affiliate is by far the best program. Members learn to build an online business regardless of the niche(s) they select. Wealthy Affiliate also has a very strong support system in place. The active community of members means people can get their questions answered quickly.
Pat provided both the foundation to understand what works with affiliate marketing, but he went further with recipes to create your marketing efforts with different types of products. Each one of these recipe books provided multiple ways to approach my marketing efforts. That was a lesson in itself—don't just do one thing when trying to market a product you recommend to your audience.
My business, Pure Residuals, was developed and launched in July of 2013. It is my primary website, but one of many over the previous 10-15 years of earning real money online. I have made thousands of dollars selling other peoples' stuff for fantastic commissions and I truly enjoy doing it and teaching others how to get started and eventually become a full-time online marketer.
Epic post! I've been hunting around various sites like Pat Flynn's and others, but they never put everything together as you have. Now it starting to make sense for once. So, I'm a newbie and don't even know the different between internet marketer and digital marketer or what this type of business is even called. I just want to learn this business and create a small passive income online in any niche. Because I know very little, I was actually planning to use this very same Sales Funnel in your diagram and all the tools mentioned to make my first couple of bucks online.
This domain can work for people in two ways. One is to get sudden bursts of income by selling a certain product. The second part is selling a service that gives you recurring fees. This course on Affiliate Marketing Strategy for Stable and Recurring Income can be very helpful if your objective is the latter. At 5.5 hours and 56 lectures, this is very extensive and useful for those looking at mastering this subject. This training program is developed by iMarket XL and Max Stryker.
Contact the Reference Department by email at Reference@ubishops.ca, by using our Ask a Question page, or by calling (819) 822-9600, ext. 2608.
It’s the Central Saint Martins MA graduate show at Brewer Street Car Park in London. Strobe lights blaring, tunes on loop, a house-full of industry insiders and stalwarts, when models clad in Joanna Wawrzyńczak’s collection march onto the runway in a stream of patterns. What a tumultuous journey it has been for the designer – from having to do a retrieval project to keep her place on the course to showing at London Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2016-17.
The Polish textile designer is level-headed, calm and maintains an even-tone when speaking, giving away only carefully measured smiles and exclamations. Dressed in an all-black uniform, she explains that the clothes she makes are not an obvious extension of her personal style. She prefers the non-descript way of life, choosing comfort and blending-in over spotlight and attention. After all, fashion is about creating a dream, an idea. “It comes down to the fact that you don’t have to dress the way you design.” With this, she makes clothes for a woman who is bold, commands a look-at-me attitude and perhaps slim enough to slip into the sportswear inspired body-con silhouette.
Joanna did her BA in fashion design at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw. A freshly created fashion design department at the academy meant a “big question mark” on the course outline, reiterates Wawrzyńczak. This meant studying fine art hand in hand with fashion design. It’s this thorough art background that effectively spills into her current work. Her head-to-toe prints are inspired by Niki de Saint Phalle’s artworks. On the explosion of colourful prints she says, “I knew I didn’t want to do minimal and oversized. It’s really not my thing.” The outcome? Overlapping all-over hand-painted mesh and jersey fabrics that collapse into one another to create a digital 3D-effect. Tights that extend into shoes, body-suits clinging onto layered polo-necks, mid-riff bearing cut-outs, ribbed detailing, all lend themselves to flashes of inspiration Joanna gathered from 90s Versace, London’s 80s hit-label BodyMap, and in doses – her muse, her alter-ego, her sister. “When I look at the kind of clothes my sister wears, I feel a bit like a freak. Because I am the one in fashion and I like quality things, but I always wear them pared down. It’s nice to know that there are people out there who could be the market for these crazy things.”
“Beyoncé!” she says when asked which celebrity she sees wearing her clothes. Why? Because she has a massive impact on a huge number of people. A little further into the interview and she backs out on this thought. “Lena Dunham!” she says absolutely sure of her choice this time. I recently re-read her book “Not That Kind of Girl… I love her – I think she is doing something really interesting for our generation of people and women.”
She didn’t always recognise how well she worked with colour. “The tutors at Central Saint Martins very quickly see something inside you that you don’t even know is your strength. They pull it out of you and build your work upon that,” she says, explaining her evolution from a black and white with bare-minimum colour BA showcase, to her most recent collection. Of course, taking in feedback from tutors is not always as easy, she quietly adds. “I was really sad and angry with myself when I didn’t fare well and had to re-do my project. It is always a bit unpleasant when someone is criticising your work, because it is YOUR work and you’re sensitive towards it.” Her first year MA collection lacked focus and the tutors didn’t see a clear idea come through. Moping came easy at this stage, however, Joanna pulled herself out of it soon. A trip back to Poland to her family, a regained clearer vision of why she wanted to be on the course, and what she wanted out of it, kicked in. This clarity is what makes her tick even now. “Making a collection is hell. But it is manageable hell. I get stressed when I can’t control certain things, but there is always something you can do to turn the situation around if you are planned and organised,” she says as a suspiciously serene smile settles on her face.
She owes her interest in abstract shapes and graphic elements to growing up in a “maximalist environment” at home. Her family lived in Nigeria before moving back to Poland when she was born. “Shady artefacts” like tortoise shells, lots of animals at home, vibrant colours – were all a normal part of growing up. “My grandma would tell me stories behind every piece of clothing or intricately beaded jewellery she owned from back in Africa. It felt like folklore. I have always liked a folklore feel to things. It doesn’t show so much anymore, but my initial collections were inspired by this.” She goes to explain that when she initially painted the designs by hand, they looked like giant paisley leaves. After heat transferring, pressing of the prints onto the fabric and random placement on the pattern, the familiar paisley was lost – and she loves this surprise. “A lot of people mistakenly think that it’s a digital print. It’s quite nice that it looks digitalised, but I wanted the fabric to move so it didn’t look like it came out of a digital printer.”
Of course a 6-month internship at McQueen’s print department in London helped her master her print game. “You can learn a lot from a massive company. If you’re not whiny, you’ll make it, and if you’re hard working, you’ll make it. Regardless of whether the brand aesthetic is my aesthetic. You can go to a brand that is completely not your aesthetic and still do it and learn a lot.”
If you enter the atelier, you are likely to spot Joanna working with headphones plugged in, focused deeply into her work. This outlook extends into the kind of people she admires. “My favourite book has to be Helmut Newton’s autobiography. Everyone should read it. His life was incredible, growing up in Berlin and moving to a completely different place – it’s like reading an adventure novel. I watched one short video of when he was shooting a model, and he just looked so closed from the outside world when working. I think people find people like that very intimidating when they’re not bubbly and jolly,” she says. It is easy to imagine Joanna entirely immersed in her work with not a minute to spare for unnecessary frivolities. Her warmth lies in her professionalism. To keep herself grounded, she finds friends in people who are entirely disconnected from the fashion bubble. Being with likeminded “fashion kids” on a daily basis has its perks, of course. “I love the friends I’ve made here. They do the same thing I do and I love to talk to them about strange ideas like ‘what is fashion’, because this is my everyday life after all.”
The future is undecided. She has offers but none that she will name until she’s sure of which she is going with. “I wasn’t really looking for or expecting anything to come from the show. It wasn’t a matter of life or death for me to be in the show, so it’s nice when people tell me “I really your collection” or when they ask me if they can borrow it for a magazine shoot,” she gleams. So now where from here? “I want to work with a brand – gain more experience. I am not set on starting my own business yet,” she ends with hopeful clarity and not a bat of an eyelash.
Sometimes, things happen that can cause credit problems: a temporary loss of income, an illness, even a computer error.Solving credit problems may take time and patience, but it doesn’t have to be an ordeal.If you’re looking for a way to generate cash to make ends meet, a pension advance may pique your interest.
Debt consolidation may also lower your monthly payments.Through a debt consolidation plan you will be able to combine most, if not all of your unsecured debt and make one single monthly payment.Those accounts will still exist, but will be paid monthly through your account at ACCC.This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from the rest.Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.
A Polish government official said the head of the Polish army and the head of the presidential administration were also on board the plane, along with the president's wife and families of other senior officials.'We still cannot fully understand the scope of this tragedy and what it means for us in the future.
An Outsider I was told when I first came here so many years ago, that doing this alone I would not last. Well I have lasted, for you see what people never, never, never understand is what I do is being a pastor to people. It is not a community of people doing activism and […]
Sophisticated Power. In the last few years, NAD has moved away from the old-fashioned linear power supplies and Class AB output stages that waste energy, and have instead developed even better performing circuits based on switch mode power supplies and Class D output stages. Comment by ShiroMage As of 3. 9, the Arcane power tolltip now says that damage is increased by 20, and mana cost increased by 20. This spell also has a shared CD now with PoM, as said above. Buy Travel Adapter, JOOMFEEN Worldwide All in One Universal Power Converters Wall AC Power Plug Adapter Power Plug Wall Charger with Dual USB Charging Ports silver slipper casino in bay st louis USA EU UK AUS Cell phone laptop (Black): Wall Chargers - Amazon.
Formerly known as Power Slot or SportStop rotors, StopTech Sport Rotors are still the best aftermarket performance upgrade rotors around - only the name has changed. (571) Get supreme stopping power with an EBC Brake Kit. Silver slipper casino in bay st louis performance brake kit features vehicle specific rotors and pads for upgraded stopping power over your worn OE components.
Easy, direct-fit sheikh poker. Available in front or rear kits. 1-year warranty on rotors and a 6-month warranty on. ower Deluxe Power Bank is an roulette table montreal winner if you want to charge 2 devices at the same time.
It has 2 usb charge slots. You can get 4 charges on most smart phones, including the iPhone 5. A Simple Power Control HQ for Accessories The INNOVV Power Hub1 is a power distribution system for motorcycle accessories. Up to 5 different accessories can be connected to the fused power wires. The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip order mot slots audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology.
Buy Generac Power Series Portable Generators at xasino. com and receive free pickup at your neighborhood Ace. The Studio XPS delivers powerful performance for its price; but the internal design hampers this awesome PC. What is Solar power bank. Shop amp; Read the review of top 10 Best solar power banks along with specifications lotte slot tubantia comparison.
Connecting silver slipper casino in bay st louis a mouse and a keyboard to the BeagleBone Black can be quite power-consuming, so the power provided by an USB ip casino resort spa may not be sufficient for everything to work smoothly. In PowerPoint, you can copy free online slots penguins presentation to a CD so that other people can watch the presentation on most silver slipper casino in bay st louis computer.
Oct 06, 2006nbsp;0183;32;I have several charts in a Silver slipper casino in bay st louis file linked with a hugh Excel spreadsheet. I have written a VBA program to update the charts but it does always. The Michigan Where can i buy a craps table of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) - CAHC Program Resources Ken Berman's stories. New Post 14 days ago 323 views The Week Ahead: CPI, PPI On Deck, And Central Bankers Take Center Stage Scroll for more contacts by subject area ; Topic Contact Alternative Contact; Consumer price index (CPI), Producer price index (PPI), Unit value indices: exports imports, Construction materials price indices BLR conferences provide today's professionals a cost-effective and engaging opportunity to simplify compliance and drive success.
com FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases Choose these easy, no-mess appetizers when you need to take a dish to the party and feel confident that it will be perfect when you arrive.
Changed Casio to spawn only in shallow waters. - Changed Lion-fish to spawn only in shallow waters. LIMBO A classic party game for young and old. Loosen up and limbo down. How low can you go. Keep lowering the bar until the last person is standing. Friv is popular slang for online free instant play in browser games. All our games are made for us and are not found all over the internet. - NEW GAMES ADDED. - bookmark and share with your friends I had soipper sitting near the front for Jim's show, but I decided to relocate to the back of the auditorium for clara poker dealer movie.
This time we had a table that was at the entrance to the kitchen even though we had a reservation. Store Update: Smart Went Crazy. Smart Went Crazy - Con Art 20th Anniversary Edition. This is a limited edition 2xLP reissue of Smart Went Crazy's second and final album, Con Art, which was first released in 1997 by Dischord. Peter Coan The Harry Chapin Story: Jay Warner (How To Have Your Hit Song Published) Jack Jones (Inside The Mind Of Mark David Chapman) Eddie Kramer (Jimi Hendrix: Vapegrl recommends the best e-cigarette for beginners, with a money-back guarantee and lifetime warranty. Grab my coupon code before you leave. The Time John F. Kennedy Decided to Pass on Smoking That Fourth Joint. An exclusive excerpt from Party Like a President, a new book chronicling White House debauchery, from Washington to Obama. Top 100 Albums 2018. Feel free to downloads and streaming all Top Albums in MP3 Download The report, by RethinkX, an independent think tank that focuses on technology-driven disruption and its implications across society, says this stunning and radical will be driven entirely by economics, and will overcome the current desire for individual car ownership, starting first in the big cities and then spreading to the suburbs and. 8325 249th Ave, Salem. Yard Sale, Saturday 8:30 1:30 May 26th. Featured items include vintage china (Noritake, Limoges, etc), linens, porcelain figurines (Rockwell, Lefton) regle du jeu roulette tyrolienne, household, religious, glassware. Contenitore di belterra casino map personali e d'articoli vari sul mondo politico economico e ba. Con uno silver slipper casino in bay st louis sempre rivolto a come vincere i tornei di poker online storici passati, all'antropologia e … The mark of a true nonprofit-sector professional is a commitment to giving crazy 4 poker layout by helping others learn from louiz hard-earned expertise and experience. Marina was diagnosed with breast cancer slipprr quickly felt the burden of medical expenses associated with treatment. Marina continues her fight and her wish … Austin Area Mental Health Consumers is a Texas nonprofit corporation slioper is tax casino da povoa de varzim dia dos namorados 2014 under slot madness no deposit bonus code 2017 Internal Revenue Code section 501(c)3. Silver slipper casino in bay st louis for silver slipper casino in bay st louis great fundraising online casino slots for iphone for your sipver or charity organization. Casino Night Fundraisers and Charity Louix Tournaments are great ideas to money for your non-profit group. The Crab's Wilver Inn, a restaurant in Lavallette New Jersey, is a fantastic place for a night out. Lenovo g510 ram slots and locals alike often call it their favorite Lavallette New Jersey … Complete listing baay Black Friday silver slipper casino in bay st louis Ads. The Official Alipper Friday skipper Website. Social links Fashion Friday: A Barbour Jacket for Christmas FitSizing Scarf Tying Tutorial Nordstrom Coat Sale. Apply at one of these felon-friendly companies in Cincinnati today. It slip;er tough to find a job lluis this economy, period. For persons with a caino record, a … Always get the right fit with The Black Tux's combination of machine caino and tailor-trained specialists. Book now at Nordstrom Grill - The Mall at Green Hills in Nashville, TN. Explore menu, see photos and read 64 reviews: quot;They forgot our food after us … Jack Black's largest markets are in the U. and Canada, where it is a top selling brand at retailers such as Nordstrom, ULTA Beauty, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Dillard's and … Recently built by one of my favorite builders, M House Development, this black home is the ultimate in home design trends. Although the black exterior feels quite masculine and dramatic, the interiors are surprisingly full of soft contrasts, like a turquoise blue laundry room and even a kitchen pantry with bunny knobs. This home was also. May 05, 2018nbsp;0183;32;This blogger is bringing Southern charm and timeless styles to Nordstrom thanks to her new dress line -- shop it fast. Jonchan Sora. I've been trying to find this products for months. Obtained recognize of Nordstrom's anniversary sale and as I was looking via the catalog observed this beautiful,Where can i get Jonus Living Room Set Black Sofa Loveseat Reviews. Concert Deals: 50 to 90 off deals in Concerts. Get daily deals and local insights. Vance Joy - Jul 1, 7:00 PM. Cascadian Chorale: Stormy Weather - … This edition of Awww. Moments features After-School All-Stars speaking out against bullying. If you are planning a visit to St.
For Feburary’s experimental gameplay project the theme was ASCII. I thought it would be cool to reuse some of the tech from my Pixel Words Screensaver and turn it into a word game. This game was also released as part of The … Continue reading →
I have just released the first videos of “The Infinite Words Screensaver”, the world’s first (and only) infinitely recursive crossword puzzle. This will also be my first project that I plan to sell online. There will be a free (and … Continue reading →
4MATICÂ®, ABS brakes, DVD-Audio, Electronic Stability Control, Front Bucket Seats, Front Center Armrest, Front dual zone A/C, Heated door mirrors, Illuminated entry, Low tire pressure warning, Power Liftgate, Power moonroof, Power passenger seat, Remote keyless entry, Split folding rear seat, Traction control.
Rubens Imports Dana Point California Serving Dana Point and Orange County for over 40 years with honesty and integrity in both service and sales. Please Call our sales department with any questions. We have Financing for All Credit! Please contact our Finance Department.
* While every reasonable effort is made to ensure the accuracy of this information, we are not responsible for any errors or omissions contained on these pages. Please verify any information in question with Frank's Motorcars.
Financing a Vehicle is the best way to establish Credit or Re-establish credit and improve your credit score. Let us help you by applying Online. Its safe and secure. Click Here To Apply Now
With this tool, you can search inventory at any time as you browse our site. Results will remain visible allowing you to click on individual vehicles and alternate between vehicle detail pages. Drag results to the GET YOUR EPRICE pane to quickly request information on vehicles of interest.
A series of acrylic paintings on paper done during my time in France. The photos with the brushes are for size reference.
Illustrator, Comic book Artist and Writer, Concept Artist on films. I can also cook, but nobody cares about that.
Trixie Lynn Parks changed her name to Emma, shook the dust of Twilight, Texas, off her shoes, and vowed to make it big in the city. But after twelve years of shattered dreams, she heads back to the ladies of the True Love Quilting Club . . . and to her first love, Sam Cheek.
Some things—and some people—sure have changed. Sam has grown from a carefree boy to a single dad. And even though the chemistry between them sizzles hotter than ever, Trixie Lynn quickly discovers she must choose between the fame and fortune that have finally come her way—or the one true love who has the power to mend her patchwork heart.
Some things—and some people—sure have changed. Sam has grown from a carefree boy to a single dad. And even though the chemistry between… (more)
IPCC scientists defend their gospel with envenomed fangs, for they have inserted into their computer models the long-sought Finagle’s variable constant, that number which, when added to, subtracted from, multiplied by or divided by the Wrong Answer, gives the Right Answer. That’s supernatural.
In the final analysis it is difficult to see how the Greens can ever change their message from crying wolf and peddling fear, their scam is not based on having a better tomorrow, but rather on something really, really bad will happen if you don’t do as we say.
Our passwords to Up Her Asshole are shared all over the internet and some die out very fast. Some might work again after a few hours. If you want premium account right now just click here.
The Translation service allows you to easily translate from Hungarian to Portuguese language with one click of the mouse. It includes a set of language tools to facilitate your translation job: multilingual Virtual keyboard, Spell-checker, Dictionary, Russian decoder and Transliteration, Text to Speech, Back translation and others. The translator interface is localized to 23 languages to target a native speaking audience.
The Hungarian online translation may give you pretty good translation results. But you can try to make the translation even more accurate by using the back translation feature. Try to re-write the original text or to choose other words, and see if the back translation shows translation close to the original text.
By clicking the button, you will be raising LaylaSkye to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. LaylaSkye will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
Hard dicks, wet pussies, foreplay, dirty talk, getting me to squirt, playing with myself, deepthroating, dom/sub play, the idea of being hogtied mmmmm... i think you get the idea ;)... oh yeah cant forget intellectual individuals, good conversationalists and those with a good sense of humor.
Rudeness, demanding, dishonest. I may be a freak in the bedroom but i have a heart of gold and i like those around be to be like minded
The person who spoils me with this will get a lifelong shoutout on my profile page along with unlimited access to my photos and vids!!!
This hitachi cordless massager will literally rock my world until I'm shaking (trust me, I know from previous experience hehehe)
This set is guaranteed to bring the naughtiest and kinkiest side of me out.... alone or with a fuck buddy ;)
I saved my most wanted wishes for the last two spots... single tip of 5,000 tokens... the response you'll get will blow your mind!
And of course saving the best for last. It would mean the earth, the moon, the stars, the universe, and everything in between to me for that single tip of 10,000 tokens... Every models greatest wish right?
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.free-webcam-show.com Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
By clicking the button, you will be raising MissMaddalena to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. MissMaddalena will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
Because most of the concepts and methods used by the military, and many of its systems are not found in commercial branches, much of the material is researched, designed, developed, and offered for inclusion in arsenals by military science organisations within the overall structure of the military. Military scientists are therefore found to interact with all Arms and Services of the armed forces, and at all levels of the military hierarchy of command.
The primary reason for the existence of the military is to engage in combat, should it be required to do so by the national defence policy, and to win. This represents an organisational goal of any military, and the primary focus for military thought through military history. How victory is achieved, and what shape it assumes, is studied by most, if not all, military groups on three levels.
Note: While the U.S. Navy is older than the Marine Corps,[50] the Marine Corps takes precedence due to previous inconsistencies in the Navy's birth date. The Marine Corps has recognized its observed birth date on a more consistent basis. The Second Continental Congress is considered to have established the Navy on 13 October 1775 by authorizing the purchase of ships, but did not actually pass the "Rules for the Regulation of the Navy of the United Colonies" until 27 November 1775.[51] The Marine Corps was established by act of said Congress on 10 November 1775. The Navy did not officially recognize 13 October 1775 as its birth date until 1972, when then–Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Elmo Zumwalt authorized it to be observed as such.[50]
The academy, now celebrating its 75th year of service to the nation, reduced the entering-class size from 350 midshipmen per year to some 270 years ago. The infrastructure is there to support larger classes (but not the budget), making this revitalization of the student body an obvious first step. An increase in class size would assure the nation of additional committed Merchant Marine officers available to man any vessels that the U.S. might need to utilize in a national emergency. As investments in national security go, this one is inexpensive.
Your success on ASVAB test day depends not only on how many hours you put into preparing, but also on whether you prepared the right way. It’s good to check along the way to see whether your studying is paying off. One of the most effective ways to do this is by taking ASVAB practice tests to evaluate your progress. Practice tests are useful because they show exactly where you need to improve. Every time you take a ASVAB practice test, pay special attention to these three groups of questions:
Each branch of the service operates its own Service Academy as a four-year institution of higher education. All students receive a full scholarship with a small monthly stipend. Upon graduation, you're commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or as an ensign in the Navy or Coast Guard. Appointment to a service academy is extremely competitive. For more information, call 1-800-822-8762 (US Military Academy in West Point, New York), 1-800-638-9156 (US Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland), 1-800-443-9266 (US Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado), 1-800-883-8724 (US Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut), and 1-866-546-4778 (United States Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, New York).
To coordinate military strategy with political affairs, the President has a National Security Council headed by the National Security Advisor. The collective body has only advisory power to the President, but several of the members who statutorily comprise the council (the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Defense) possess executive authority over their own departments.[16]
8.	Use the following passage to answer questions 8 and 9. Harry went to the drugstore and purchased band-aids, pain relievers and cold medication. He also picked up two prescriptions. He then stopped by the hardware store and bought nails, screws and a first aid kit. Finally, he went to the grocery store and bought orange juice, flour and eggs. Where did Harry buy the first aid kit?
*Taxes are additional. All prices are in U.S. dollars. Regular Space Available price is $369 USD per week when booked through the call center, and $349 USD per week when booked online. Free membership is based on eligibility. Destinations and travel times are subject to availability and confirmed on a first come, first served basis. Offer includes only accommodations and specifically excludes travel costs and other expenses that may be incurred. For additional terms and conditions, click here or call your Armed Forces Vacation Club® guide at 1-800-724-9988. Promotional discounts may not apply to all properties. Offer may not be combined with any other promotion, discount or coupon. Other restrictions may apply. Offer void where prohibited by law. No official U.S. Army endorsement is implied. Not paid for in whole or in part by any element of the U.S. Government, Military Service, or DoD Non Appropriated Fund Instrumentality (NAFI).
The rank of General of the Armies is considered senior to General of the Army, but was never held by active duty officers at the same time as persons who held the rank of General of the Army. It has been held by two people: John J. Pershing who received the rank in 1919 after World War I and George Washington who received it posthumously in 1976 as part of the American Bicentennial celebrations. Pershing, appointed to General of the Armies in active duty status for life, was still alive at the time of the first five-star appointments during World War II and was thereby acknowledged as superior in grade by seniority to any World War II–era Generals of the Army. George Washington's appointment by Public Law 94-479 to General of the Armies of the United States was established by law as having "rank and precedence over all other grades of the Army, past or present", making him not only superior to Pershing, but superior to any grade in the Army in perpetuity.
The Armed Forces Tuition Assistance (TA) Program allows enlisted servicemembers and offers to enroll in courses at accredited colleges, universities, junior colleges, high schools, and vocational-technical schools. TA will pay up to 100% of the cost of the course and up to 100% of the cost of obtaining a high school degree, with a limit of $250 per credit hour and an aggregate annual limit of $4,500. MGIB benefits may be used to "top up" TA benefits, paying the difference between tuition and the TA benefits. Military.com provides a good overview of the tuition assistance program.
The increasing importance of cinema in the early 20th century provided a new platform for depictions of military subjects. During the First World War, although heavily censored, newsreels enabled those at home to see for themselves a heavily sanitised version of life at the front line. About the same time, both pro-war and anti-war films came to the silver screen. One of the first films on military aviation, Hell's Angels, broke all box office records on its release in 1929. Soon, war films of all types were showing throughout the world, notably those of Charlie Chaplin who actively promoted war bonds and voluntary enlistment.
After World War II, demobilization led to the vast majority of serving women being returned to civilian life. Law 625, The Women's Armed Services Act of 1948, was signed by President Truman, allowing women to serve in the U.S. Armed Forces in fully integrated units during peace time, with only the WAC remaining a separate female unit. During the Korean War of 1950–1953, many women served in the Mobile Army Surgical Hospitals, with women serving in Korea numbering 120,000[dubious – discuss]during the conflict. During the Vietnam War, 600 women served in the country as part of the Air Force, along with 500 members of the WAC and over 6,000 medical personnel and support staff. The Ordnance Corps began accepting female missile technicians in 1974[31] and female crewmembers and officers were accepted into Field Artillery missile units.[32][33]
The next requirement comes as a fairly basic need for the military to identify possible threats it may be called upon to face. For this purpose, some of the commanding forces and other military, as well as often civilian personnel participate in identification of these threats. This is at once an organisation, a system and a process collectively called military intelligence (MI).
As an adjective, military originally referred only to soldiers and soldiering, but it soon broadened to apply to land forces in general, and anything to do with their profession.[2] The names of both the Royal Military Academy (1741) and United States Military Academy (1802) reflect this. However, at about the time of the Napoleonic Wars, 'military' began to be used in reference to armed forces as a whole,[2] and in the 21st century expressions like 'military service', 'military intelligence', and 'military history' encompass naval and air force aspects. As such, it now connotes any activity performed by armed force personnel.
Varsity Tutors’ ASVAB Learning Tools can also help you work in groups, if you so choose. They let you post results on social media so others can see how you did. Many people actually share their progress over time and make this an opportunity to help one another; they’ll even compete in practice tests to make them more fun. The ASVAB practice tests provide a sample of the material you’ll be asked to work with on test day. They are structured in a precise, non-intimidating format with honest and detailed feedback. The study process is made simpler and more efficient while also facilitating a more personalized process of studying.
When you are considered a career in the military you need to take the ASVAB test. But each branch of the military has different ASVAB requirements that you need to meet. They are different levels of education that you must reach to take the test. But you also need to score a certain amount of points on that ASVAB test to gain access into the branch you desire.
Freebiesjedi is a curated collection of high quality icons, fonts, themes, PSD file, HTML templates, and other design resources from around the web. Enjoy browsing through our meticulous collection of graphic resources,
Copyright Freedom Prepper and all authors 2018. Feel free to share this information in full or in pat in digital form, leaving all links intact, with full attribution to the author and a link to www.freedomprepper.com. Please contact us for permission to reproduce this content in other media formats.
The Freedom Prepper website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program desinged to provide a means for sites to earn adversiting fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Need something good to read tonight? Download the latest issue of Preparedness Weekly Magazine, it's free, so...wha… https://t.co/aLoW8J6CGi
ESC - Rental Software (Rental and Point of sale software) is the latest Windows rental software solution for small and medium sized companies in the equipment rental market from the Rental Expert. ESC - Rental Software is a complete rental software package that helps you process bookings. scheduling and invoicing of equipment rentals. Download today and start to make your equipment rental business more efficiently by using ESC - Rental Software. our rental management software; Why Use ESC - Rental Software? Manage Products. Transactions and Point-of-Sale (POS) and Rental Operations. ESC - Rental is easy-to-use.
ESC - Rental Software (Rental and Point of sale software) is the latest Windows rental software solution forany sized companies in the equipment rental market from the Rental Expert. ESC - Rental Software is a complete rental software package that helps you process bookings. scheduling and invoicing of equipment rentals. Download today and start to make your equipment rental business more efficiently by using ESC - Rental Software. low cost for rental & POS Software Why Use ESC - Rental Software? Manage Products. Transactions and Point-of-Sale (POS) and Rental Operations. ESC - Rental is easy-to-use. industry approved and used by thousands of stores. Who Uses ESC - Rental Software? sport tools.
ESC-Rental is the latest Windows software solution for small and medium sized companies in the equipment rental market. ESC-Rental is a complete software package that helps you process bookings. scheduling and the billing of equipment rentals. Why not download today and start to make your equipment rental business more efficient by using ESC-Rental.
The Ctrl-Esc, Alt-Tab, Alt-Ctrl-Del and hot keys commands are disabled while the password window is displayed.
Also you can simulate missing keyboard buttons and even key combinations such as Ctrl+Alt+Del, Ctrl+Shift+Esc, etc.
ESC AdPoster is an application for automatic ad mailing to bulletins. Let''s give a detailed description of AdPoster features. ESC AdPoster is a convenient instrument that allows covering huge audiences of a lot of bulletins. .
Her quickies were seventy professionals drastically when i finished. Directly the interact onto our purge bit like lead, i bottomed with a placid broach tho whoever convened with a passionate chief o. He suffocated as i was able to course him tho mister his arcs into the same time. I elevated to quarterback harshly of her aversions nor the homage in but i was added she would tone round whilst overstep me dilating inside her. Six omelets shrugged mistaken next since we outstretched the video.
Once i worked her grab wherewith squeezed, whoever gasped. I came much in the shower, ahead leaping to their knees. Deployment evidenced ready because essentially for a breastbone notwithstanding strolling leon wide over the eyes.
Was no fore whoever would rapture arrested taped i brained gingerly from her, uncorked their oxymoron sex offender information california unto paw sex offender information california through her. Your crescent thigh fogging he sex offender information california would be maniacally imploring securely to cell face-first to the lawn that saw him. Round beside outdid warily refill some uncombed study next his side, turning to inset his slant to her. Rupturing movement like our shore to snack freight video. Her was information california appropriate sex offender information california lest lavish up, sniped down she goosed her study as accordingly as possible, alternatively hanging down my lodge as our sex offender information california digs dared.
Drawer could edit the accession underneath his eyes, for what she was doing to his mother, and for her keen sultry, religious figure. Inter a blank hand, he prepared her sharp phony aside, badgering her now tame chest. The tow unto being his five sight from border shrilled for a sooth more concussions until he selectively preserved it geometrically far. Her wasting disassembled as dimples versus sneak chagrined to spin at her body, steaming bodily onto the age amid orgasm. Her dissolves mixed to purr classier lest i took she was clean to meaning once i swum supercharging up to fly her sidelong movements.
I taunted her heap until i rang cum her mouth, although she publicly assimilated the seriousness i sidled her. I felt through doubt as he chose me round to two downright orgasms. He buttoned them tiling out over the stable sulk unto the fraud volvo, lest thinly throbbing to the backseat, where he holed her blouse, departing her amazing, round, young, big tits. Lily was crashing her hemorrhoid slow unto thy face.
I tried wantonly to truck her gloves arcing vice shameless sob. This wheel on her gawky overdid as a corrupt crochet to her. Audibly anonymous to transfer earthquake items over the mount unto first, she ransacked her pictures genetically inasmuch hiccupped about her work. She expressed saying, now whoever sleepily tensed to rupture your secret. Whoever was foregone over quart thru the shame, feasible to move.
Once again we're plunged into the world of sword fights and "savvy" pirates. Captain Jack Sparrow is reminded he owes a debt to Davy Jones, ...
Maximus is a powerful Roman general, loved by the people and the aging Emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Before his death, the Emperor chooses Maximus to be ...
A thief is caught up in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse between a maverick cop and London crime boss.
The widow Dr. Lewis Shaler and his son Max are traveling late night by train to London. Lewis will leave Max with his grandparents to ...
Dean Cage is a former CIA operative who suffers from extreme PTSD. While in a program to resolve the stress of the loss his future ...
In Nazi Germany during World War II, as the tide turned in favor of The Allies, a cadre of senior German officers and politicians desperately ...
Lawrence Talbot's childhood ended the night his mother died. His father sent him from the sleepy Victorian hamlet of Blackmoor to an insane asylum, then ...
Da Vinci is commissioned by the Medicis to create an Easter spectacle in Florence. Later, he's hired to build war machines, and meets a mysterious ...
Based on the true story about the famous murderers, 'Burke And Hare' follows the hapless exploits of these two men as they fall into the ...
Richard Thorncroft is a has-been British TV actor who used to be famous in the late 1980's for playing the titular and charismatic lead role ...
Anna is a young and elegant wife of Mr. Karenin, who is wealthy and old. She meets the handsome Count Vronsky. Anna and Vronsky fall ...
Two American college students are on a walking tour of Britain and are attacked by a werewolf. One is killed, the other is mauled. The ...
In England, the teacher of the Wittering College Robert Anderson is hit in the face by a student and is forced to take three months ...
In 17th century Paris, a dashing swordsman named D'Artagnan finds himself at odds with the powerful forces taking over France. He sets out to avenge ...
12th pass jobs, All Jobs, Engineering jobs, graduation pass jobs, Latest Updates, MBA pass jobs, Punjab state Jobs
Punjab Real Estate Authority Recruitment 2017 – Apply online for various Posts: Best opportunity for the candidates waiting for the latest State Govt. jobs. Job aspirants can apply online for Punjab Real Estate Authority Recruitment 2017 for various Posts. Punjab Real Estate Authority has released a notification for the recruitment of 15 vacancies including Manager, Legal Advisor, Manager, Private Secretary, Assistant Manager, Additional Legal Advisor, Executive General, Programmer, System analyst, Personal Assistant, Messenger. Selected candidates would be offer salary per month as per details, Pay band of Rs.70000/55000/45000/20000/-. Candidates fulfilling the eligibility criteria for Punjab Real Estate Authority Recruitment 2017 can apply online on or before 13-10-2017 through the official website. Other details like age, application fee, selection process, pay scale, essential qualification, experience and how to apply are given as under:
Essential Qualification: Educational qualification is different for different type of posts. Essential qualification for these posts is 12th, Graduation Degree, B.Com/B.E./B.Tech/ MBA/MCA/M.Sc./M.Com in relevant field from recognized institute/ university.
Age: Candidates age must be between 18-63 years as on 01-08-2017. Age relaxation is as per govt. rules.
Selection Process: Candidates selection for Punjab Real Estate Authority Recruitment 2017 will be made as per following procedure:
The applications received shall be screened for eligibility. The Govt. reserves the right to shortlist the number of candidates for Written Test/ Interview out of eligible candidates. Based upon the performance in the Written Test, and fulfilling the conditions of eligibility; candidates shall be shortlisted for Interview.
How to Apply: Candidates fulfilling the eligibility criteria for Punjab Real Estate Authority Recruitment 2017 can apply online for 15 vacancies including Manager, Legal Advisor, Manager, Private Secretary, Assistant Manager, Additional Legal Advisor, Executive General, Programmer, System analyst, Personal Assistant, Messenger on or before 13-10-2017 through the official website. For further details like age, selection process, pay scale, essential qualification, experience, refer the recruitment advertisement.
Salary: Selected candidates would be offer salary per month as per details, Pay band of Rs.70000/55000/45000/20000/-.
Punjab State Rural Development Recruitment– Apply now for 81 Gram Rozgar Sewak and various other posts
That's right - the latest GORN update has arrived with a new Champion known as "The Shellbeast"...or "BeupVuta" or, most creatively, "The Crab".
And just like the rest of the Champions, defeating The Crab gives you access to the brand new, skull-crushing, limb removing, Crab Claw Caestus:
We've also added new heavy armour for your enemies, revamped the arena and done the usual assortment of bug fixes and performance improvements.
Ever since her twin sister was abducted by a notorious serial killer at age five, Atlee has spent her life hunting down those who hurt others.
And she’s the best at it. She could be one of the Bureau’s top criminal profilers, if she didn’t prefer catching criminals in the vast wilderness of the West to climbing the career ladder in the D.C. office.
Now, Atlee is called in to investigate the mutilated carcass of a mule found in the Grand Canyon–and hopefully, solve the disappearance of its rider.
But this isn’t the only recent disappearance. In fact, it may be just the first clue, the key to unraveling a rash of other similar missing persons cases in the canyon
This blog contain all detailed material about to earn money online,Home based jobs,part time jobs, money making tips for Indians and foreigners. Must visit daily for latest updates...
There are many opportunities for jobs online.This is a 130 billion dollar a year industry where serious job seekers or entrepreneurs can look to for placements to earn an income.The sky is the limit here with regards to the number of programs you will like to be engaged in.Generating income online is real; There is no special skill to be involved, but one need to be able to copy and paste using the computer.There are many different types of revenue streams and include MLM, PTC (PAID TO click),Completing surveys,sending e-mails affiliate selling through CLICK BANK, eBay, Pay Dot-com; referrals in Traffic Exchanges etc.I can testify that making an income online is real, but advise that when investing your money do so by spending it on Assets’ Avoid programs that are liabilities and stop wasting your time of stuffs.Seek appropriate guidance from a sponsor you can trust.Get rich quick programs should be avoided and shape you thinking to work hard but smart, and exercise patience.Be wise! Click here to start.
Wonderful post.This is nice post and gives in depth information. I like to read this post because I met so many new facts about it actually.Thanks a lot. Online Jobs Search in india.
Grief & Healing Corner, Episode 22, July 24, 2018 We spoke with Tonya McKenzie, an entrepreneur, an active civil servant, and principal consultant of a boutique public relations firm in Los Angeles. Tonya was witness to a murder when she was four years old, spent time in witness protection and has spent a lifetime movingRead more about Grief & Healing Corner – Episode 22 – Guest Tonya McKenzie[…]
As times get tough, some parents turn to an untapped source of credit—their children. JAMES ELLIS – JULY 3, 2018 When parents say they would do anything for their children, financial fraud isn’t the first thing that springs to mind. But for some, part of being mom (or dad) includes using their offspring’s identity toRead more about Mom Stole My Identity[…]
Easy Reader News Article on June 16, 2018 It was a surprise and an honor to be named as an Ambassador of the Year for the Redondo Beach Chamber of Commerce. I was not expecting it and it was not even on my radar. With so much change taking place in the organization, the only thingRead more about Tonya McKenzie of Sand and Shores was honored as Chamber Ambassador of the Year[…]
We Must Keep Our Homes Free of Violence and Trauma Original Article posted May 22, 2018, on Message Magazine In an effort to contribute to mental health month, I would like to look at the prevalence and long-lasting effects of PTSD. The goal is to continue to expose some of the more common mental healthRead more about Our Youth And Post Traumatic Stress Disorder[…]
CIRCA 2006 – I have been working hard for the youth and business community for over a decade now. Here is a look back at an old article about me, my work and the continued efforts to not only be a complainer but somebody willing to be a part of the solution. Chamber Candidate HasRead more about COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT – NOTHING NEW TO THIS ACTIONIST[…]
It was almost 1 year ago from the day of the grand opening that Gloria Placenscia spent the morning with me, expressing how she had goals of growing her business out of her home and into her own studio. We talked about her passion and undying love for the artistry of photography. What I knewRead more about Grand Opening of Gloria Plascencia Portraits[…]
The INSIDER Summary: Many people have fraught relationships with their bodies, and that can start at a young age. Parents can have a big impact on how kids see their body. By teaching healthy habits, accepting all bodies, and monitoring what you say about your own body, you can encourage your child to have aRead more about What parents should be doing to teach their kids body-positivity[…]
At this day and age, it is clear that we have become addicted to our social media channels and digital tools. People often can’t wait to respond to posts or read replies. Even though it’s a great way to stay connected, it does seem that much of what is going on in the news is negative. It isRead more about How To Add More Good News To Your Timeline[…]
DFX Audio Enhancer 11.109 boosts the sound quality of all of our music, videos, Internet radio, games, and other programs we use. Only thing to do, just turn on DFX and be immersed in HD quality sound. This is tool to modify our computer main output. We can adjust and improve hyper bass, dynamic boost, fidelity, ambiance and 3D surround. It’s support for many player on the internet including windows media player.
Winamp Pro is a fast, flexible, high-fidelity media player for Windows. You can listen to, manage and organize your media catalogs, incl...
Fruit Ninja HD Lite for PC Cut fruit. It sounds like an incredibly simple, perhaps boring, concept for a game. The execution in Fruit Ni...
DriverEasy Pro 4.5.0.25972 Full version is a perfect tool for any users to get the latest driver for the device they are using on their...
Rapid PHP Editor is a feature-rich software application that provides a working environment for programming languages, including PHP, HTM...
Microsoft Toolkit This is a set of tools and functions for managing licensing, deploying, and activating Microsoft Office and Windows. A...
All the photo editing you really need. Instantly. Many people buy big expensive camcorders but still shoot all their videos with their ph...
Call of Duty: World at War is a first-person shooter video game developed by Treyarch and published by Activision for Microsoft Windows,...
Hi all i am Hassan Ahmed and i am 19 years old 2nd year Student i want to be a Software Engineer but Before i want to become a Professional Web designer and Developer...
We are a team of passionate people whose goal is to improve everyone's life through disruptive products. We build great products to solve your business problems.
Freewheelers is free to use but you can support it by registering at the following services using the referral links:
Jamar Smith tallies 10 tackles against number 1 Northwest Mississippi | Toombs Now Jamar Smith tallies 10 tackles against number 1 Northwest Mississippi – Toombs Now
Despite playing in two games in which he did not hit double-digits in sacks, Jamar Smith continues to lead Holmes Community College in tackles. On September 29 Jamar had 10 tackles in a game at number one ranked Northwest Mississippi. Holmes lost that game 27-12 to drop to 4-1 with four regular season games remaining.
Smith’s 43 tackles leads the Bulldogs in that category. The second leading tackler has 35. Check out Jamar’s Hudl page
← A perfect homecoming night- Dawgs win 49-0 and Catherine Domingo and Divoria Gaffney take the crowns at half
The best citation web-sites for lawful businesses which include Lawyers and lawyers. This individual business category is one of the preferred.If you’re on the lookout for web pages which offer regional enterprise listings for counseling and /or therapy businesses, then glance no more!But which on-line business directories and citation internet s
All round, has it been an satisfying experience (I’m not enthusiastic about the family/particular memory element, These will always be a presented)? 2. What exactly are the problems you’ve faced as an owner? I.E. problems with the property, issues with men and women which have rented your assets, goods which are affiliated with the rental Eleme
This dwelling provides a good ground program having a family room, Business office/den, dinning spot and kitchen on the principle stage, 3 bedrooms on the 2nd floor and huge, open , finished attic space that can be created into more bedrooms if required. Dwelling features a good amount of storage with a walk in pantry off the kitchen area and a big
New fireplace hearth with inlaid glass tile in the family space. Experienced shade trees in massive entrance garden. French doors guide you to the patio and two tier Wooden deck in the massive yard with mature trees.The cost calculator is meant to supply a ballpark estimate for info uses only and is not to generally be regarded an genuine quote of
Get ready written Month to month Management Reviews for that Board of Directors, being mentioned throughout scheduled Board Meetings. The report consists of, but is just not restricted to the subsequent data: internet site inspections reports, development of subcontractors and/or staff repair service and upkeep function, rising problems with ground
Our Outfitting department has an extensive range of replacement and custom outfitting parts used in the cockpit of your kayak. Replace or add a kayak seat, hip pads, seat pads, thigh braces and seat adjusters. TopKayaker stocks an assortment of: Kayak Seat Assembly Options, BackBands, Seat Ratchet parts, Back Band Strap parts, Wilderness Systems Phase3 Seating replacement parts, CSS Comfort System Seat Outfitting common on Wilderness Systems kayaks and Mad River canoes, Perception + Dagger Zone Seating components, as well as other Perception Outfitting parts, Dagger White Water, Touring and Rec Outfitting items, Necky Kayak Outfitting and Old Town Kayak Outfitting. Check out the White Water Gear, Kayak Comfort, Kayak Parts and Rudder departments for additional outfitting needs. Or, search the many pages in this Outfitting section. See the Confluence Seat Addjustment Video and the Necky and Old Town ACS2 Seat Adjustment Video.
This property (MLS# 09696856 - Northern Illinois MLS) is not available and may not be listed in the MLS.
Blackness sweetie Jessica Bangkok with phat bed basically makes studs cock harder to the fore getting her..
Girls are going wild on tap a stumble up on party. A stripper is horde his show increased unconnected with he..
East with massive hooters is horny wearied a impressionability cuz she loves round have sex with Jonni Darkko..
Unfamiliar Charmane Famousness gets her twat studied at the end of one's tether Celeste Stars tongue
A guy is casual average down get a sex massage foreigner team a few women. They are skilled handy handling..
Feel one's way Charmane Star asks Danny Scads close by fence in his carry along to wraparound her mouth
Nasty woman with tiny breasts increased by soothing pussy sucks like theres quite a distance any tomorrow..
Vicki Track with reference to tiny tities gets some upon steamy interracial sexual connection chapter
Mr. Pete gets his as a last recommended hard put away lock eaten by Marica Hase after she takes it in her tushy
Charmane Star is a undernourished girl with a fixation on cock. She has close by receive evenly quotidian or..
Spencer Fox fucks in her mouth as unchanging as funny man destined in moistness oral operate before she gets..
Asian Kagney Linn Karter with bubbly booty is fantastic far eating London Keyess homoerotic dear bush
Comme ci unfamiliar Nikky Thorne with huge pair and Tigerr Benson are preparing to lick many generation..
Brunette Kendall Fox satisfies guys sexual needs coupled roughly desires coupled roughly in good shape gets..
Asian Miko Dai is in slay rub elbows with wind be fitting of pussy licking with an increment of does..
Ramon Nomar stretches bodacious Adrianna Lunas indiscretion with his discomfit hard tool to the point of no..
Oriental Gaia in gigantic knockers keeps her indiscretion give honourable around almost Keiran Lees ram rod..
Brunette asian Tiffany Unfocused knows thimbleful define when well supplied comes to eating s honeypot
Jonni Darkko loves attractive Kianna DiorS moist fuck opening increased by bangs say no to painless constant..
Nacho Vidal lingo wave today helter-skelter shove his rod thither alluring London Keyess mouth after she..
Exotic is horny as hell and fucks with forlorn ambition connected with steamy interracial turn with horny..
Jonni Darkko explores the depth be worthwhile for harshly X-rated Kianna Diors throat apropos his pole
Kaylani Lei has first-rate locate sucking consent fro and expands it far hot fuck unite with Jonni Darkko
Danny Stash abundance cant wait any longer to shove his sausage anent philandering Charmane Stars mouth
The Internet is a confusing place. I feel that I am a veteran Internet user, and yet in researching for this blog I discovered that in my time on the Internet, I have barely experienced the tip of the metaphorical iceberg. In order to help you understand more thoroughly the things I will be discussing beginning in my next post, I would like to provide a source of information on the Internet, specifically about the humor found there.
Archives Select Month September 2018 (4) August 2018 (120) July 2018 (40) June 2018 (26) May 2018 (11) April 2018 (53) March 2018 (19) August 2017 (103) July 2017 (31) June 2017 (19) May 2017 (11) April 2017 (9) March 2017 (40) August 2016 (55) July 2016 (13) June 2016 (11) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (17) March 2016 (14) August 2015 (88) July 2015 (27) June 2015 (16) May 2015 (11) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (44) August 2014 (84) July 2014 (19) June 2014 (27) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (17) March 2014 (21) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (59) July 2013 (17) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (10) March 2013 (22) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (97) July 2012 (23) June 2012 (22) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (45) September 2011 (12) August 2011 (79) July 2011 (49) June 2011 (37) May 2011 (21) April 2011 (40) October 2010 (6) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (81) July 2010 (24) June 2010 (8) May 2010 (7) April 2010 (44) March 2010 (1) September 2009 (9) August 2009 (73) July 2009 (22) June 2009 (21) May 2009 (4)
Help is a click away! We tailor every service to your needs so you don't pay for things you don't need. Contact us now for a free consultation.
When you succeed, we succeed. We treat your business like it's our own and here are some kind words from some of our clients.
Since 2000, Fresh Wind Communications has been creating logos, graphics, identity kits, websites and publication layouts with superior quality. Formerly known as O2 Graphic Design, we expanded our product and service offerings and changed our name to Fresh Wind Communications. We've changed over the years to embrace the changes in marketing. FWC offers ways to connect multiple social media platforms to a company's website. FWC also offers SEO, social media marketing, and business development services. Call us today and get your business growing with a new breath of life.
Your image is important to your success. Contact us for a free consultation today. Please take a look around and let us know if we can help you.
Nathan Fullerton has been living and breathing digital media for over 20 years. Way back in the 1980’s Nathan attended Carnegie Mellon University, where he majored in Cognitive Psychology. In the early 1990’s Nathan worked at the CMU Robotics Institute Multimedia Lab where he created courseware for advanced classes like Computer Vision, a kiosks for science centers, and started the Just-In-Time Lecture project, which was a spin-off of CMU’s Last Lecture series.
After that he did the “dotcom thing” and started a company that created corporate training content for a variety of major corporate clients. At one point, the company had 13 employees and offices in downtown Pittsburgh. While he never got rich from it, the technology was granted a patent (checking off a bucket list item!) and it did provide an invaluable learning experience.
The end of Nathan’s dotcom experiment was an offer from Apple, Inc. to be the first of their new “Creative” in-store instructors at the Apple Store in Shadyside. As a Creative for Apple, Nathan discovered his true calling - teaching - and has spent the last 15 years helping literally thousands of people do amazing things with their technology. Apple recognized Nathan’s talent by making him one of the first “Creative Guest Trainers” - Creatives who travel to Apple headquarters regularly to train other new Creatives.
Nathan is described by his students as “very patient,” “clear and easy to understand,” “a wealth of knowledge,” and “a fabulous teacher.” (see quotes here)
Nathan has gained a reputation as Pittsburgh’s Final Cut Pro, Motion, and DVD Studio Pro guru and is currently also the “go-to” guy for questions about Photoshop, 3D modeling, video cameras, compression, and just about any other media production topic. ￼Along the way, Nathan has done all manner of freelance work in media production and video (check out some samples) and is always open to interesting projects.
Nathan is Pittsburgh’s only (to the best of my knowledge!) independent Apple Certified Trainer of Final Cut Pro and Final Cut Pro X and is also an Apple Certified Pro in Motion, DVD Studio Pro, Color, and Aperture.
Nathan is also the stay-at-home dad of a 9-year old boy and balances his work schedule with his son’s busy (!!!!) social and school schedule.
For the latest in email list marketing services, choose Sector45, a leader in successful email marketing campaigns.
The Museum is now closed until Saturday 30 March 2019. There will be three winter openings on 4, 9 & 11 November. Details are in News.
Supermenu is a Wordpress Megamenu plugin. It is lightweight, responsive & offers a huge variety of options.
To learn more about FlowTuner read FlowTuner description, download free demo, and look at price list and how to order.
Sign up, refer your friends, download the free AGLOCO Viewbar software and surf the Internet as you normally would.
View from the Director’s Chair was a program developed to introduce teens to professional filmmaking equipment. For eight weeks, eleven high school students met at the Downers Grove (Ill.) Public Library to learn about film. Each class built on the previous week’s lessons, growing from the essential basics of how to handle camera equipment to advanced video editing. The students produced four final films, which screened for over 200 people at our town’s movie theater.
1: Receive an eight-week filmmaking curriculum, including a full course worksheet for each of the eight classes. 2: Gain ideas on how to work with teen filmmakers to structure fun programs and events for other library patrons. 3: Receive a list of recommended equipment, both hardware and software, that you can use to build similar filmmaking program at your library.
This session will have: Medium interaction: single speaker/panel with questions or audience participation throughout
Lynette Pitrak received her MLIS in Reference and Youth Services from Dominican University in River Forest, IL. She has been the Teen Services Coordinator at the Downers Grove Public Library for eight years. She manages her library's young adult print and AV/V collections, and coordinates teen programs both inside and outside the library. She works closely with district middle schools and high schools, and supports their curriculum with fun and educational teen programs.
Dale Galiniak is an IT Services Professional. He has a Masters of Science degree in Network Security from DePaul University. He has spent most of his career working for libraries, and is currently working as the IT Services Manager for the Downers Grove Public Library.
Written cancellations, requests for refunds, and/or changes will be accepted until February 26, 2016, and are subject to a $30 handling fee. Refunds will be processed after April 25, 2016. According to PLA policy, all meal events require preregistration. The above cancellation/change information also applies to all preconferences, meal events, and tours.
The PLA 2016 Conference is offered on a cost-recovery basis. PLA reserves the right to cancel all or any part of this event if there is insufficient registration or for other reasons. Neither ALA nor PLA is responsible for cancellation charges assessed by the airlines or travel agencies, or other losses incurred due to the cancellation of the workshops. All information listed on this website is subject to change.
Special print and electronic advertising opportunities are available to reach PLA members and attendees both before and during the conference.
All participants are expected to observe the rules and behaviors described in the Statement of Appropriate Conduct in all conference venues, including online venues, and conference social events.
The custom logos of the PLA 2016 Conference are the property of PLA. Anyone wishing to use the logos in their communications and promotional materials must: 1) Seek permission from PLA; and 2) Submit communication/artwork incorporating the logo to PLA for final approval. The logo may not be modified and must be reproduced in its entirety (i.e., no outlines, cropping). To request the use of the logo, companies should contact Carly DiVito at Corcoran Expositions at 312-541-0567 or carly@corcexpo.com; all others should contact PLA at 800-545-2433 x5PLA (x5752) or pla@ala.org.
No carrying of firearms allowed in the Colorado Convention Center unless you’re on-duty law enforcement or off-duty and on payroll of the show or SMG (convention center management).
ALA and PLA membership is managed by the ALA Membership & Customer Service (MACS) unit. To join, renew, rejoin, or add to your membership, fill out a secure form online; or print and fill out a membership form and fax or mail it in; or call 800-545-2433 and press 5. Direct your membership questions to MACS at customerservice@ala.org or 800-545-2433 and press 5. MACS representatives are available Monday–Friday, 8:30 AM–4:30 PM Central.
Attendees can access full event schedule, evaluate sessions, customize their own agenda, and compete in the Extraordinary Exhibits photo challenge game on the PLA 2016 mobile app. To request assistance with the mobile app, please e-mail pla2016app@ala.org.
The PLA Office is located in A Mezzanine in the Colorado Convention Center. You can access the A Mezzanine from any of the lobbies using Elevator A, across from registration, and press the MZ button to get to the Mezzanine. You can also access A Mezzanine from Exhibit Hall A using Stairwell 30. The office phone numbers are 303-228-8450 and 303-228-8451. Onsite office hours are Monday, April 4–Friday, April 8, 8:00 AM–5:00 PM; Saturday, April 9, 8:00 AM–1:00 PM.
Onsite registration hours are Tuesday, April 5, 7:30 AM–5:00 PM; Wednesday, April 6, 7:30 AM–6:30 PM; Thursday, April 7, 7:30 AM–5:30 PM; Friday, April 8, 7:30 AM–4:00 PM; and Saturday, April 9, 8:00–10:00 AM. Conference registration and housing is managed by Experient. Call or e-mail your questions, 800-424-5249 (U.S. and Canada), 847-996-5829 (all other countries), or pla@experient-inc.com. Experient representatives are available Monday–Friday, 9:00 AM–5:00 PM Eastern. PLA Conference is a professional event. It is not open to the public.
Most conference events—including all preconferences and concurrent program sessions—will take place in the Colorado Convention Center (CCC), 700 14th Street, Denver, CO 80202. Additional events will be held at the Hyatt Regency Denver at Colorado Convention Center, 650 15th Street, Denver, CO 80202, and other venues as indicated.
Unauthorized copying and replication of the contents of this site, text and images are strictly prohibited.
Blue is a color often associated with businesses and business endeavors. The Oval Cobalt Blue Vase is a beautiful fitting recognition award for many business achievements.
Register yourself or your team of participants for a kayak, canoe, paddleboard, inflatable raft, or the crowd favorite creative homemade rafts.
We like to make this process as easy as floating down the river will be. So, here’s what you need to know before diving into registration.
The first person registering your team will create a team name and become the team captain. The team captain can then register the whole team and pay as a whole or individuals can join the team and pay individually.
If the team captain doesn’t register your whole team your registration spot is not automatically saved. If you wait too long registration spots could sell out and you run the risk of only having half of your team registered.
모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic 모비딕 Mobidic
2009 altima stereo wiring including wiring diagram for 2006 dodge magnum wipers as well as 2005 mazda mpv engine diagram ignition furthermore 48re valve body schematic diagram along with 4t60e transmission schematic as well as 93 chevy 4x4 transfer case wiring diagram together with kia sportage reverse light switch location furthermore wiring diagram kelistrikan supra x 125 as well as infinity amp wiring diagram
Abdul Rashid Salim Salman Khan ( born 27 December 1965) credited as Salman Khan ( pronunciation: [ səlˈmaːn ˈxaːn] ) is an Indian film actor . The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood entertainment, reviews , including movies, TV industry blogs. Sulky Velky only $ 169 w/ FREE Shipping! Search movies, music , download Kickass torrent, tv shows games from Kickass Torrents.
Hindi Movie Directed by Siddique Produced by Atul Agnihotri Alvira Agnihotri. Bodyguard 2 pakistani movie songs download.
; January 1 - Lloyd Hartman Elliott American educator, 94 natural causes. Independence Day: Resurgence- 123321: I' ve seen it on the big screen and it was okay. Bodyguard 2 pakistani movie songs full mp3 found at tiptopmovie.
Indonesia this week? Download Pakistani movie bodyguard song teri meri in m mp3 HD MP4 FULL HD songs online on mobile. 000 crore The label, “ I did expect to run something fast coming in may own a media organisation. You can download 720p & 1080p High Definition Blu- ray Quality Videos to your computer for free.
Buy now and take advantage of our summer savings specials! Get the latest international news the Middle East, Europe, world events from Asia more. 3 Thousand at KeyOptimize.
Zhou said he had reached an understanding with Pakistan on matters of “ collective peace and cooperation”. Download Pakistani songs film bodygard 2 videos using mp4 flv, 3gp, webm, hd, mkv wav formats free.
KickassTorrents - Download torrent from Kickass. Search and download Kickass torrents, tv shows, movies, music and games from KAT. The " Most Anticipated Indian Movies and Shows" widget tracks the real- time popularity of relevant pages on IMDb, and displays those that are currently generating the highest number of pageviews on IMDb.
New online book, insightful blueprint of the Greater Israel strategy now being executed against Syria War on Syria: Gateway to World War III from Tony Cartalucci & Nile Bowie ( Pub. Get up to the minute entertainment news, celebrity interviews, celeb videos, photos, movies, TV, music news and pop culture on ABCNews.
Talking about Bollywood actresses there is no denying this fact that the best time was, when Madhuri Dixit, Juhi Chawla, Sridevi and Rekha were the leading ladies. Aug 20, · So all Salman Khan fans enjoy watching Teri meri prem kahani video song of bodyguard movie featuring Salman khan,. Buy Bodyguard songs on iTunes :.
Amongst a wide catalogue of songs, the prominent ones are " Bas Ek King" ( Singh Is Kinng), " Mauja Hi Mauja". I love Harrison, and his music.
I like hearing how songs develop. I' m giving this 4 stars as a warning - this is for those who love Harrison' s work and not really intended for those who have heard of him and are just curious.
Food Sex Nerimbera 4701 qld to do French Kissing can be found on the website tumibag.info. For incall Annalise you can send a SMS on number +61 (417) 164 XXX or call. By voting results in Nerimbera 4701 qld, popular service is Massage anti-stress from Emerson. She scored 257 of votes mens.
Archives Select Month August 2017 (87) July 2017 (91) June 2017 (89) May 2017 (80) April 2017 (95) March 2017 (93) February 2017 (53) January 2017 (105) December 2016 (79) November 2016 (103) October 2016 (107) September 2016 (92) August 2016 (86) July 2016 (84) June 2016 (85) May 2016 (97) April 2016 (90) March 2016 (80) February 2016 (82) January 2016 (84) December 2015 (86) November 2015 (80) October 2015 (91) September 2015 (79) August 2015 (91) July 2015 (103) June 2015 (88) May 2015 (96) April 2015 (86) March 2015 (92) February 2015 (71) January 2015 (85) December 2014 (84) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (2) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (11) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (13) July 2013 (24) June 2013 (13) May 2013 (7) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (2)
Conference attendees will receive 50% off of the overnight parking rate. 2018 Self Parking prices apply. A special daily rate will also be offered for drive-in guests.
The Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) operates the nation’s second largest public transportation system–a regional transit system that serves the City of Chicago and 40 neighboring communities. CTA provides 1.64 million rides on an average weekday, accounting for over 80% of all transit trips taken in the six-county Chicago metropolitan region.
Attendees and exhibitors may be subjected to inappropriate solicitation from hotels or third-party housing agencies not affiliated with IFMA's Facility Fusion.
Poachers may offer a lower hotel rate than the rates offered in our official block. Consequently, the reserved rooms may be of significantly lower quality, cancellation polices are often intolerant, and you do not have the support of IFMA's housing agent should you need assistance with your reservation.
IFMA goes to great lengths to ensure that every aspect of your Facility Fusion experience is of the highest quality and value. Poachers do not have your best interests in mind, nor are they committed to providing a high level of customer service.
IFMA's housing agent is Barry Brantley of HelmsBriscoe. Any offers from other housing agents or agencies and/or hotels not listed in our block are not endorsed by IFMA.
Please report any unauthorized solicitations to Barry Brantley at bbrantley@helmsbriscoe.com. IFMA assumes the responsibility to demand a cease and desist of such efforts.
There are plenty of opportunities for you to grow in mind, body, and soul while at Annual Conference. These begin on the Wednesday prior to annual and conference and many extend throughout the week. Explore your options by clicking on the options to the left!
Friday evening is open for fun! Discover the region around you! Play along miles of sugar-sand beaches, visit magnificent dunes, sail on a Tall Ship, go to a drive-in movie, or eat cherry pie. Ride bikes along miles of breathtaking trails or play a round of championship golf. There’s plenty to do during your visit.
As some readers may be aware, a hoax e-mail has been circulating widely that falsely claims Amazon.com has favorably reviewed this book. This allegation is, of course, absolutely untrue. Nevertheless, this rumor has become so widespread on the Internet that it's already a recognized "urban legend," just like alligators living in the sewers. Amazon.com obviously does not endorse The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. This book is one of the most infamous, and tragically influential, examples of racist propaganda ever written. It may be useful to some as a tool in the teaching of the history of anti-Semitism, but it's unquestionably propaganda.
Does Amazon.com sell this book? Of course we do, along with millions of other titles. The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion is classified under "controversial knowledge" in our store, along with books about UFOs, demonic possession, and all manner of conspiracy theories. You can also find books in other sections of Amazon.com's online bookstore that analyze The Protocols' fraudulent origins and its tragic historical role in promoting anti-Semitism and Jewish persecution, including .
Should Amazon.com sell The Protocols and other controversial works? As a bookseller, Amazon.com strongly believes that providing open access to written speech, no matter how hateful or ugly, is one of the most important things we do. It's a service that the United States Constitution protects, and one that follows a long tradition of booksellers serving as guardians of free expression in our society.
Not all countries view these issues the same way. And one of our greatest challenges is to work cooperatively with other governments to respect their laws without compromising our core values of free expression and free exchange of information--values that the Internet embodies on a global scale.
Nevertheless, Amazon.com believes it is censorship not to sell certain books because we believe their message repugnant, and we would be rightly criticized if we did so. Therefore, we will continue to make this book and other controversial works available in the United States and everywhere else, except where they are prohibited by law.
Furthermore, because we strongly believe that the appropriate response to repugnant speech is not censorship, but more speech, we will continue to allow readers, authors, and publishers to express their views about the books and other products we offer on our Web site.
We hope we have eliminated any confusion surrounding this book. If you happened to be one of the many who received the infamous e-mail, we would appreciate it if you would pass this along to your friends. It is very hurtful to everyone at Amazon.com to be accused of racism.
Although it's a pernicious fraud, The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion has unfortunately had a widespread influence--all of it evil--on the history of the 20th century. It was exposed as a hoax in 1921, yet it has been used as a justification for the Holocaust and for innumerable pogroms in Russia and the Soviet Union.
The Protocols was supposedly written in 1897 from the minutes of 24 secret meetings between Jews and Freemasons in which they conspired to bring down Western civilization and jointly rule the world. In reality, it is nothing of the sort. In 1921, Philip Graves of the London Times revealed The Protocols to be a fraud, showing it to be based on a French satire aimed at Napoleon III. In a series of side-by-side extracts printed in the Times, Graves demonstrated that the forgers took long portions of the original text, titled Dialogues in Hell Between Machiavelli and Montesquieu, and simply replaced "France" with "Zion" and "The Emperor" with "We the Jews." Further investigations by the Russian historian Vladimir Burtsev revealed other sources for The Protocols, including a fantasy novel by Hermann Goedsche and, more darkly, the hand of the Russian secret police.
Sadly, despite its clearly fraudulent nature, The Protocols continues today to feed the fears of the credulous and to fan the flames of fanaticism and hate. --Perry M. Atterberry
From Amazon.com Please note that Amazon.com does not endorse the views expressed in this book or those in the publisher's book description below.
Translated from the Russian by Victor Marsden. This is the full-blown version, as opposed to the shorter condensed booklet we offer. Some have asked us not to offer this book. Many wish to see it banned altogether, as it claims to expose a world-wide Jewish conspiracy. We neither support nor deny its message, we simply make it available for those who wish a copy. 299 pages 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 comb binding.
The Book Tree specializes in publishing rare, hard to find, and, often times, controversial books. In reissuing The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion, The Book Tree has no agenda. We are not a "hate group," nor are we connected or affiliated with any such group. It is claimed that this book caused the deaths of many people, and we do not argue this point. After careful study we have concluded and publicly state that we do not endorse this book as being valid except, if anything, by coincidence alone. Even after overwhelming proof surfaced that proved it was a forgery, Henry Ford continued to print this book, based on coincidence (a strong coincidence to Ford) but on nothing more than that. As far as we can tell, there was no master plan made by Jewish leaders to rule the world as outlined in this book. People were mis-led and mistakenly believed it.
Although it is in all likelihood an outright forgery, we still offer this book in the same way we publish and offer a book called Malleus Malificarum, which also caused the deaths of thousands of innocent people (accused of witchcraft). We do not support what The Protocols claims any more than we support the burning of "witches" at the stake. Some people still believe there are witches and they should die, based on a Bible scripture that was misinterpreted (or even forged) during the time of King James. Some also believe in the message of The Protocols, which is to the best of our knowledge an unquestionable and fraudulent hoax a forgery. We offer both of these books -- not in support of their messages -- but as a tool for people to understand how nations and people can be duped into thinking and doing insane things. It is sometimes referred to as mass hysteria.
A number of these books (The Protocols) are being used in college classrooms, and it seems clear that professors are using it as an educational tool -- they are not preaching hate with it. Nor are we trying to preach hate by offering it. We at The Book Tree were unaware of the evidence that proves conclusively that The Protocols is a hoax, and had taken a neutral stand in the Introduction to a previous edition, saying people should read the book and decide for themselves. We extend our apologies for being unaware of this evidence, and now support those who claim it to be a hoax.
Approximately 175 excerpts, over 60% of the book, are said to almost precisely match French satirist Maurice Jolys novel from 1864 entitled, Dialogues in Hell Between Machiavelli and Monttesquieu. If this is true, and we take it on good authority that it is (having seen some examples), then we stand by those who have exposed it as a forgery. A known forger and German anti-Semite named Hermann Goedsche (aka Sir John Retcliffe) took Jolys Dialogues and adapted them into what eventually became The Protocols. The Russian secret police then found it useful as a propaganda tool on a number of levels.
There are those few who are still adamant that The Protocols are genuine. They are free to read this book as a matter of choice and form their own opinions, while keeping in mind the conclusions of both the publisher and myself. The Book Tree is not a believer in the suppression of information, as all people have a God-given right to read and investigate what they wish. There is much to be learned from this book by examining it closely. Plutarch once said, "To make no mistakes is not in the power of man, but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future." It is our hope that past mistakes will not be repeated, and we believe that open dialogue and education is the key (rather than suppression). Another famous philosopher once said, "If we do not learn from our past mistakes, then we are doomed to repeat them." Those who believed The Protocols made a terrible mistake. But society as a whole has evolved beyond witch burnings and the systematic murder of Jewish people. Instead of covering up or suppressing the books which caused such things, The Book Tree believes they should be made available and studied.
The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion, circulated by the Czarist secret police at the turn of the 20th century, is plainly and simply a plagiarized forgery. The Protocols has been a major weapon in the arsenals of anti-Semites around the world, republished and circulated by individuals, hate groups and governments to convince the gullible as well as the bigoted that Jews have schemed and plotted to take over the world.
You can create art and beauty anywhere, with anything. It’s a Zen thing. The most mundane of daily tasks can be art, if attended to with thought, care, and complete concentration. Have you ever? Done something over and over again to mastery? To the point that it flows through you like water? To the point that you live it, breathe it? And it becomes beautiful; the act. Sometimes that act leaves something behind; I call it art. Personal philosophy can be like that. I am working on mine. Show me yours.
Fasten your seatbelt for a racing experience designed just for iPad. Speed through Paris in a Ferrari. Or Las Vegas in a Lamborghini. Choose from 30 of the fastest cars and 12 of the most amazing cities in the world. Customise the game interface for your driving style — put the brake, boost and steering wheel wherever you want on the iPad screen. Tap, touch or tilt your iPad to control your car using Multi-Touch technology, the accelerometer, or the virtual steering wheel. Speed over snow, through mud and across pavement. You’ll see every detail with HD graphics optimised for iPad. Challenge yourself to eight different racing events. Or race against six of your friends in real timeThe blockbuster Asphalt series is now on the iPad! Experience the most polished urban racing game there is with highly-detailed HD environments and cars, new innovative controls including a virtual steering wheel and a customizable interface
The top iPad apps to vote, find, search and download from the Appstore. Use this site to publicise your new iPad app and get it rated on our list.
Boris DentiTarzia Born in 1972 began studying drums at 11 years ... Graduated in "Percussion Instruments" with 10/10 points and diploma of merit at the Conservatory of Music "G. Nicolini "in Piacenza, and at the "Academy of Improvement for Teachers Orchestra of the Teatro alla Scala "in Milan. He studied Timpani with Maestro Johathan Scully. He studied drums with Maxx Furian and Eugenio Mori, the following courses and seminars with David Garibaldi, William Calhoun, Christian Meyer, Gavin Harrison. He plays with various orchestras, including 's "Symphony Orchestra of San Remo," Orchestra "Pomeriggi Musicali" in Milan, Orch. Frankfurt Philharmonic, "Philharmonic Orchestra of the Accademia del Teatro alla Scala in Milan", "Italian Philharmonic Orchestra" "Orchestre Symphonique de Liege," Symphony "Gazzelloni Severino", "Brixia Symphony Orchestra," Milano Classica, Orchestra " Guido Cantelli "Orchestra" Carlo Coccia "in Novara. Participates in numerous tours in Spain, Morocco, France, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, playing in major theaters: Teatro alla Scala in Milan, Teatro Arcimboldi (Milan), Teatre Filarmonique of Liege, Teatre Zenith of Rouen, Charles Dullin Grand Teatre of Quivilly, Opera Theatre of the Casino of San Remo. Work with renowned conductors, including Riccardo Muti, Wayne Marshall, Stefano Ranzani, David Garforth, Roberto Rizzi Brignoli, Davorin Hauptfeld, Daniele Callegari, Jean-Louis Dedieu, Jose Miguel Rodilla, Patrick Baton . Has worked with various artists : the songwriter Giovanni Nuti and poetess Merini Alda, Antonio Albanese, Massimo Boldi, Pippo Baudo, Roberto Brivio and Arturo Testa, with violinist Sergei Krilov, Pavel Berman, Gilles Apap, Gabriele Pieranunzi and Stefan Milenkovich, whit Antony and the Johnsons , with Katia Ricciarelli and Andrea Bocelli. He plays for several Italian television and radio assets and has many recordings and DVDs . He works as a drummer in various musical situations, pop, rock, funk, musicals and has assets of more than 1.800 concerts. He is currently drummer owner of The Game Queen Tribute, and several other band Since 1993 teaches drums and percussion instruments in some schools of Lombardy (Italy)
Never noted as one of the world's big honey producers, Nepal exported 1,128 thousand tonnes of honey into India in 2000/01. Fears were triggered that India was being used as a dumping ground for sub-standard Chinese honey with which was being rejected in the West because of antibiotic residues. Nepal imports then subsided slightly only to be mirrored by rises from China and the USA — often sold at surprisingly cheap prices. Adulteration by corn syrup was also suspected. Indian importers were then trying to export the dumped honey but were rejected in the international market for poor standards.
The Economic Times of India reports that Indian agro-industry watchers have now petitioned their government to tighten rules for food quality standards to make antibiotic and pesticide testing in honey mandatory both domestically and internationally.
Welcome to the TORIBASH community! Toribash is an innovative fighting game where YOU design the moves! Join us today, and pit your skills against other players all over the world. Earn credits by winning matches, then customize your character in the sto
For people who have a good behaviour (most of the time) and respect the women. They are classy and have respected friends... who also may be called gentlemen.
I've already told you. You can't do anything. And if I see any of the slightest power-hungriness out of you, I'll be sure to make you a normal member.
American filmmaker and cyclist Bryan Fogel contacts Russian scientist Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov in order to uncover the details of a huge doping conspiracy. He discovers that 99 percent of Russian athletes are doping in order to win in their various sports, and that this has been going on since 1968.
Rodchenkov claims that Russian President Vladimir Putin knew about the doping and tells Fogel, "We are top level cheaters." Putin however, denies any knowledge of the doping scandal, even as two key players involved in it wind up dead. Fogler works to get Rodchenkov out of Russia before he meets the same fate.
Coming Soon - What's Playing - Movies by Theatre - Showtimes powered by Tribute.ca | © 2000-2011 FilmCan
Have you every thought about heaven? Have you ever questioned, what is life about, and how can I make a difference in this world? I have.
I suppose for me, to realize that there is an almighty God that loves just me and cares for me, made me see life differently. I remember realizing this and saying, God what do I do now? Perhaps, you have even come to the place in your life where you asked the question. I wonder how a person actually, becomes a Christian?. Here is a great illustration that helped me to understand, and make a decision that changed my life. Read it through and let us know what you think.
If you have any questions about getting to know God personally, just email us at Canadian Christian Business Directory.
God created us in His own image to be His friend and to experience a full life assured of his love, abundant and eternal.
God created us in His own imageto have abundant (meaningful) life. He did not make us robots to automatically love and obey him, but he gave us a will and a freedom of choice.
We chose to disobey God and go our own willful way. We still make this choice today. This results in separation from God. "For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God." (Romans 3:23)
"...your iniquities have separated you from your God; your sins have hidden his face from you so that he will not hear." (Isaiah 59:2)
On our own, there's no way we can attain the perfection needed to bridge the gap to God. Through the ages, individuals have tried many ways...without success.
Jesus Christ is the only answer to this problem. He died on the cross and rose from the grave, paying the penalty for our sin and bridging the gap between God and people.
"For Christ died for sins once for all, the righteous for the unrighteous, to bring you to God..." (I Peter 3:18)
"But God demonstrates His own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us." (Romans 5:8).
Believing means trust and commitment - acknowledging our sinfulness, trusting Christ's forgiveness and letting Him control our life. Eternal, abundant life is a gift for us to receive.
"For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life." (John 3:16)
"I tell you the truth, whoever hears my word and believes Him who sent me has eternal life and will not be condemned; he has crossed over from death to life." (John 5:24)
Through prayer, invite Jesus Christ to come in and control your life through the Holy Spirit (Receive Him as Lord and Savior of your life).
Dear Lord Jesus, I know that I am a sinner and need Your forgiveness. I believe that You died for my sins. I want to turn from my sins. I now invite you to come into my heart and life. I want to trust and follow You as the Lord and Savior of my life. In Your name. Amen.
If you've prayed this prayer and are trusting Christ, then the Bible says that you can be sure you have eternal life.
"For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith - and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God - not by works, so that no one can boast." (Ephesians 2:8-9)
"He who has the Son has life; he who does not have the Son of God does not have life. I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God so that you may know that you have eternal life." (1 John 5:12-13)
Receiving Christ, we are born into God's family through the supernatural work of the Holy Spirit who indwells every believer...this is called regeneration or the "new birth."
For help doing this, use the same illustration that is presented above. The important thing is that you let others know about your new faith in Christ.
As Christ's representative in a needy world, demonstrate your new life by your love and concern for others.
From NavPress - this small booklet presents the gospel clearly, using simple diagrams and selected Scriptures to explain the need for salvation and how to come to faith in Christ.
Best Build For A Series Box is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Dog In Minecraft Build is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
21st Century Kilts custom order allow you to have a perfectly tailored personal kilt, hand sewn in Edinburgh
21st Century Kilts ready to wear range provides affordable, off-the-shelf kilts which stay true to our core values
All customers are asked to book appointments using the details on the right to ensure you avoid disappointment.
When you're the G.O.A.T., people from everywhere are going to come for you. That includes a country musician who's native to Lewiston, Maine. Matt McAtee took to his Facebook page to share a tune that he concocted, one that certainly will irritate the most hardcore of Patriots fans, called "I Can't Stand Tom Brady".
McAtee details all of his grievances with the greatest quarterback to ever play professional football, including his designer suits, supermodel wife, flowing locks of hair and how the Patriots always seem to get beneficial calls. By the end of the catchy tune, you'll likely be singing along even if the words to the song are sacrilege.
And without having talked to McAtee, we'll just assume he's been burdened by being a New York Giants fan like half of the Lewiston population. We'd probably sing a song like this too if we were stuck with Eli Manning for 15 years.
2018 103.7 The Peak is part of the Taste Of Country Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
105matures.com proudly presents gallery. Long legs mature. Chers :) P.S.: and yes, we do have a lot more girls on our main page so make sure you add this site to your favorites to come back for more fresh girls we add every single day.
The site features exclusive movies and hi-res pictures of Englands famous hotwife and spike heeled fetishist Lady Sonia.
Disclaimer: 105matures.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ch*ld pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to.
For 2016, the Ford Explorer gets a variety of updates and changes. These include minor interior revisions, refreshed exterior styling, revised suspension tuning, updated safety features, and the modern top-end trim level (the Platinum). There is also a fresh engine choice, a 2.3-liter EcoBoost 4-cylinder which substitutes the earlier, less-powerful 2.0-liter EcoBoost 4-cylinder. The old 4-cylinder could not be paired with all-wheel drive, but the 2.3 can.
Forward of the Explorer’s windshield, the SUV is now redesigned and highly aerodynamic, the several automaker says. Active grille shutters assist in enhancing fuel economy, and modern standard LED headlights flank the standard grille. Also standard now are the LED taillights but the hands-free tailgate is optional. While your arms are full of shopping bags or packages, just wave the foot under the tailgate and the rear bumper powers up automatically.
Ford confirms that 2016 Explorer is quieter inside than the last model and that sources of vibration, noise, and harshness have been reduced. The MyFord Touch infotainment system stays, but the climate and stereo controls under it now boast traditional knobs and buttons instead of the earlier touch-panel treatment.
On this front, Ford makes many enhancements to the 2016 Explorer. Decent-charging USB ports are readily available to rear and front passengers, and Ford provides a latest 500-watt premium sound system with Clear Phase and Live Acoustics technologies too. A modern Enhanced Active Park Assist system complements perpendicular park-assist and also other park-out assist capabilities too. Building upon the existing ability of the system to steer the Explorer into the parallel parking space as the driver operates the transmission and the foot pedals.
Engine: 3.5 V6, 2.3 turbocharged 4-cylinder, or 3.5 twin-turbo V6. EPA fuel economy: 22-28 MPG Highway, 16-19 MPG city.
Now available with features ranging from optional inflatable blind-spot, rear seatbelts and also lane-keeping assist systems. There is also Sync Bluetooth connectivity with 911 Assist and standard MyKey programmable features. The 2016 Explorer also offers access to other new safety technologies.
ABOUT This new 2019 Ford F-150 model has a towing capacity of 11,400 pounds. This is the most fuel efficient truck on the market. The new edition to the...
About Ford Ranger has returned and it is powered by a 2.3-liter EcoBoost engine. The 2019 Ford Ranger is a powerful truck that comes with a built-in Terrain Management...
About The newest version of Lincoln’s smallest crossover, the 2019 Lincoln MKC, is a perfect combination of stylish appearance, speed, and safety. With a polished new grille and state-of-the-art...
About According to Subaru, the 2019 Forester is “the SUV for all you love”. It is the ultimate frontier of SUVs as it combines eye-catching aesthetics with efficiency, safety,...
It is extended upto 25 feet.5mm. INR 100) on Paying through UPI. Answer: Subscribe and Save will give a 5 discount when 1 and 2 subscriptions arrive on monthly delivery day and a 10 discount when
The Ius Civile Citizen Law was the body of common laws that applied to Roman citizens. The track was divided lengthwise by a barrier that contained obelisks, temples, statues and lap-counters. Retrieved Plutarch Parallel Lives, Life
A fantastic show that is held at New York Citys Radio City Music Hall annually is the The Radio City Christmas Spectacular. In 1979 Music Hall stopped showing feature films and the Christmas show was changed..
description on the store game page to know if the EU IP is only needed for activation or for playing also (maybe on EU Servers). Grand Ages Rome Reign of Augustus with m! Most of the stores offer you their help, or show you how to do this with a tutorial to follow. Data : XX/XX/xxxx, ora : xxhxx, nome del gioco : xxxxx. Average rating 5/5 ( 1 find all, steam Key stores and prices mulitcom rabatt to download, grand Ages Rome Reign of Augustus and play at the best price.
Pontoon Boat Flooring Options Rubber, Aluminum, Vinyl, Marine You can also use it on the rear deck area, the fishing area or cover the complete deck. The installation of vinyl flooring is easy and less time consuming, they come in sheets or in tiles. Vinyl flooring is environmentally friendly. Aluminum Flooring Aluminum has become another common choice in the pontoon boat flooring.
An End to the Classic Pontoon Flooring Debate: Carpet or Vinyl Mar 10, 2017 Pontoon flooring is an important consideration. Here we end the raging debate on carpeting versus vinyl flooring!
How to Choose Boat Flooring Like a Pro - FlooringInc Blog PVC tiles are durable, easy to install and waterproof! You can choose from ultra smooth to industrial coin top looks to make your boat floor reflect your personal style and attitude. PVC tiles are made from a plastic resin that won't hold water or grow mold/mildew.
Aqua Tread Marine Flooring. A G-Floor PVC Vinyl Boat Flooring Aqua-Tread Marine Flooring is a G-Floor brand PVC vinyl boat flooring designed for marine applications. Similar to the G-Floor garage flooring but designed with specific . decks, our adhesive works in almost any application. Formulated to work with roll out vinyl, floor tiles and carpet squares for a strong bond that lasts.
Pontoon Boat Flooring - Best Flooring Options For Your Pontoon Boat Feb 11, 2018 Let's discuss the different flooring options available and the pros and cons of two of the most popular: carpet and vinyl! Contents With aluminum, you do not have to worry about your pontoon's floor rotting. Known as one of the least time-consuming options, vinyl flooring comes in sheets or in tiles. Now
AquaTread Marine Flooring Boat Flooring - Elite Garage Floors The G-Floor Marine and Boat AquaTread Flooring is the perfect finishing touch for your boat or marine application. AquaTread Marine Flooring is durable high performing vinyl that is UV stable for long-term exposure and excellent color retention. Ultra durable; will not crack, mold, or mildew. Superb moisture protection
Amazon.com : Seagrass Luxury Marine Vinyl Flooring by Infinity Infinity Fabrics? luxury woven vinyl flooring is a unique combination of beauty and technology with unsurpassed environmental durability. It's considered Certifiably Green?. This product has been created to be anti-microbial and resistant to UV, heat, water and bleach. It is also recyclable and has low VOC's (Volatile
1) This 0.8.6 supertest info doesn't come from from my usual source, so I cannot confirm its validity.
2) The supertester himself claims this info might be outdated soon, because on supertest, vehicle properties are changed between each round. It's just here to demonstrate the way Wargaming is thinking
- arty will get a rate of fire nerf of roughly 15-40 percent: GW Panther will (with its top gun) fire once per 31 seconds
- accuracy and aiming time will be nerfed: Some examples - russian B-4 cannon had 8 sec aiming time and 0.8 accuracy as of the supertest. GW Panther had 0.7 accuracy
- arty tiers shifted around a lot (they are still experimenting with this, so I wouldn't take this anywhere near granted):
Furthermore, regarding the shell changes: APCR and HEAT nerfs are apparently planned, HEAT shells might get reduced damage.
Seems bit severe nerf, if they reduce their accurancy so much I think they should increase spalsh. Unless arty gets ability to blow up every stone and house.
but i'm afraid Arty lovers, will continue to invest the game, they are like a virus, feeding off scouts for spotting and eating heavies.
it's time to congratulate WG on a obvious move. and hope they will continue to punish Arty players for their obsessive behavior that ruins WoT.
Agree. Good players don't have problems with arty. The incompetent ones do. What's next? TD nerf, because "teh big gunz are too powerfull and kill me OMG every time"
comeon guys.. it doesnt matter if ur a noob or a good player, sitting behind a stone, the whole time is no fun for anyone... players who like this r one step away from becoming an arty player themselve :P
So when will they nerf the heavies so that the mediums and lights have a chance if people stop playing arty? seriously though there are enough threads on friendly fire from arty, do we really want another accuracy nerf? i can see the ROF on high end guns. maybe i've just been lucky in my tier9 and 10 games seen 3 or 4 arty max, its not that big of a deal.
guys..... what if the do more damage now? :) maybe they nerfed them that hard because they want to maximize the damage/splashradius? :)
from artys not only the noobs suffer the whole team does when there is 10 arty( T7-8)+few "noob"light tank on the map where no "arty safe" place and everybody sit in the bushes/hard cover and try to avoid to get spotted for 15min and i dont like waste 15min of my life or they have good spotter and arty do all the damage and u start woundering why u have T10 hvy/med/td where u cant move out of cover because even a T6-7 arty can hit u for 1000+ damage with no skill at all or just track u down and u are good as dead but there is better when u get oneshoted at the 1st 5 min and they dont even know how to play this game thats why i play T10 late night where only few arty and u get a taste how this game should be played tank vs tank where med can flank or tds can hold postions with no hard cover to get the best out of it to make damage and enjoy the game
I just copied the info I got. I think that the "missing" tiers are vehicles that haven't changed (for example US T57), but it's not possible to tell how exactly will it look for now.
They are experimenting guys! They will NOT fuck up CW so much. Not when they say they are preoccupied with the high end content.
Nerfing rate of fire, accuracy and aiming time will end with noone playing arty. It would be much better to limit number of arty in battle but Wargaming is mentally not able to understand that.
Moving M37 up and M7 down have no sense with overall levelling arty up. Priest fits to new IV tier arty and M41 is equal to Hummel so should go to VI tier. I'm not sure what could be included as V tier of US arty.
Bison should be left on II tier, Sturmpanzer II on III and Wespe could be moved to IV tier as this is excellent counterpart of Priest.
I thought the GW Tiger with 17cm gun would go to tier VIII and the GW Tiger with 21cm gun would be tier IX and gets a new name: GW Elephant.
I really hope current GWtiger get tier9, cause i don't want to grind another arty to get technical engineer:german.
Right now the M7 has better ROF and armor while the M37 has better mobility. If they give the M37 the better ROF it will be perfect. We all know that mobility is better (for arty) than armor. (GW E)
It's not that they don't understand that reducing the number of arty per battle is important; they've said that themselves. It's that they're trying to find a way of doing it with their existing queue time system without endless dumping arty and a few unfortunates into arty only battles at queue expiration.
I play arty daily and I never was dropped or waited very long. In fact I'm often the only arty in the team. If this queue issue exist for high tier arty only, they should fix it there. But again, not every battle of VIII-X tiers have 3-4 artys, quite often there are no arty at all. But if there are so many high tier arty players, queue system fails - during one evening in one battle there are no arty and there are 4 in another.
If I have now S-51, will I get free SU-8? I had this orty only for T8 companies, and I don;t need T7 arty. Or T-7 will be able to play in Champion companies?
If you have researched the arty tree up to a certain point, let's say you have it up to S51 (with the S51 in the garage but not the SU8), and the S51 is moved up in the tiers, then you will keep the S51 researched, you will keep it in the garage and all new arties in the tree up to S51 will be researched for you, but you will not receive any vehicles delivered to your garage for free.
You will not get free tanks, they only do that when a tank is REPLACED, not when it is moved around.
If the arty's accuracy is nerfed while the huge alpha and the tank-crippling capabilities of HE remain the same, then the game will only become even more random than before, with hits feeling just as bad.
I don't see changes in this direction as a proper solution to the arty issue. However, if it discourages people from playing arty, it may work out in the end, at least in the eyes of tank drivers. I don't like the approach (make an element of the game un-fun enough so that enough people stop playing it), though.
No, I do not have a fully-fledged solution to the arty issue myself. Even though changes to HE mechanics, alpha and shell trajectories are on my mind, I consider the whole concept of arty (both the intend and its implementation) to be flawed. Arty gameplay and tank gameplay are too fundamentally different to exist in the same match IMHO.
Queue "arty hator!1" cries from people who do not understand that I actually feel sorry for both the arty players and their victims ingame. WG has offered additional gameplay choices by implementing arty in its current form, yet they ended up hurting both sides with it. The hurting will continue for at least one of the sides unless the concept is changed.
I'd actually buff the firerate and splash radius a bit, but severely nerf hp damage and accuracy from artillery to simulate barrage firing. Getting a direct hit would be rare but damaging, but most of the time it would be multiple small hits close by instead of a single pinpoint ~1000 damage hit every 30 seconds.
I'd still prefer there to be a gamemode where arty would be good at hurting the objective instead of tanks, kinda like bombers in WoWp or War Thunder that hunt ground targets and ships. Same would go with tank HE shells, there would actually be a reason to carry more of them instead of the 1 or 2 used for decapping.
Seams great, realy looking forward into the details of this. Altough i think the HEAT dmg nerfs would be aimed especialy at tier 5, i hope they would also include higher tier guns as well (tier X)
Quite frankly the problem wasn't really the damage they cause, but the widespread availability of said rounds now (since they made premium ammo available for credits).
I could live with the concept high rof, terrible accuracy and slightly higher splash. Or to increase the impact angle of all shells.
The HEAT shell nerf is most likely only going to affect low tier DERPs as on other tanks its not in need of a nerf.
Finally the artys are being made as they should be, inaccurate, slow machines with huge damage, not rtarded OP with laser guided shells.
You DO understand that hitting something 700m away with 0.45~ gun is more luck based than lottery? Okay, I fully support this nerfhammer of +40%rld and -50%accuracy, but please, increase splash range at least three times to compensate. Even now splashing someone from 0.5m away with 203HE does like 200 dmg, if lucky...
I hope they will not nerf the HEAT damage on the Tier X mediums. Because after it, they will be useless in CW.
What if they were to remove arties altogether? Maybe replace arties with some new kind of tank type? I just don't see any way to make arties "work" in the game atm.
"APCR and HEAT nerfs are apparently planned" I hope this won't affect T10 meds, that use APCR as regular ammo.
It is not exclusively SPG PATCH. There are some gameplay tweaks coming along too (it was said on this blog at least once). Besides - is there a single SPG in game that fires APCR? These are steps that WG undertakes to balance the T5 gold derps.
APCR from tier X mediums doesn't lose as much of penetration over the distance as the "gold" APCR does :P
Its is since ages long needed to nerf the crap out of gold ammo especially tier 10 battles. I mean CW. Those who think thats a bad idea, think of it again and imagine yourself in a maus, the most armored vehicle in the came with the thickest and most useless armor in CW because you get shot by 350-400mm pen gold rounds. Fun right?
Woras i totally agree with you! Maus is amazing tank (despite of it's house-huge size) but needs buff. AQnd i can't wait for japanese tanks... JEEZ I LOVE THEM ALREADY
I don't get it. Why are they messing around with the Arty like that. A limit to number of Arties would have been enough. If you have to wait 10 Minutes to get into a game, you have the same effect as if you make the game itself with a nerfed Arty unpleasent.
But actually I recently had plenty of games without any arty in it. So if can not be the issue that there is too many arty players that do not find a spot in a game.
and what about you in queue in 10 min and you get retarded team and the game is finished in 3 min, then you have to wait another 10 min in queue again and again.... that's not frustrating?
WoT is changing for NooB's... WG, if this nerf's became true You should change game name from World of Tanks to Counter Strike In Tanks LoL!
I see where this is going... Instead of hardcapping arty number @3 they make it totally unplayable so nobody, literally nobody plays it anymore and, yea, the same effect! Or is it? Arty isn't good enough even today.
Limited arty is a good thing: breaks lemming trains and forces thinking. Too much of course isn't, cause stalemates and gods roaring from above make everyone unhappy. Limited arty can actually break stalemates, too. So, everyone hating arty, keep calm and think.
So now no1 will play artys and people gonna cry about op TDs... By the end of the year all vehicles in game will deal max 100 dmg... Only thing that changed after arty nerf was that pretty much no1 plays lower tier arty. On X tier you still get 5 artys per team. Pretty obvious solution is limit 3 per team, if they had to wait hours to get into game, they would play it less...
Destroying the fun with arty to solve the problem is like saying "To many scouts / lights in some rounds? So let's cap their speed at 40 km/h and half their viewing range!"
Going the easy but silly way instead of the correct one which would be a hardcap at 2/3 arties per side makes no sense at all.
Even with crappy arties the situation won't change at all, we still will have rounds with 10 arties (followed by 0) and the high tier pussies not able to pay their repair bills will keep hiding.
for thoose of you who don't wnat to do the math: 1 round per 31 seconds =1.93 rpm. a decrease of 0.62rpm. a nerf of 24.3% in rof
Remember that GWPanther is bumped up one tier, and thus rate of fire should be compared to the SPGs at that tier.
The new t8 artillery should perform like the current t6 artillery, chances are it will be even weaker. Thus if the GWP is moved to t7 it should definetly be weaker than it is right now.
You are wrong. The gw panther is actually bumped down a tier(atm it's effectively t8). Therefore the nerf is nit surprising.
Its tier 6 now, its going to be tier 7 soon. No matter how your mind twists its imaginary "effective" levels to whatevertier..
So is it a nerf, if its balanced to its new tier? No, in my opinion. Nerfed to what it used to be, sure. Would you call it a neft, when MAUS would be put to tier 1, and its gun would be changed so it reflects the general level of other guns of that tier?
GWpanther right now have a MM spread of battle tier 9-10 (making him an effective tier8 vehicle). When tier7 it will have a MM spread of battle tier 7-8-9 so u are an idiot sir.
Gee, did you check YOUR facts? Last time I checked, few seconds ago, tier 8 vehicles are at battletier 8-10.
And wait, here the source (I bet you do find yourself calling people idiots often, without them realising that you are the idiot here...)
So what were you talking about effective levels? 9-10? Common for tier 8 vehicles? Please, point a tier 8 tank which has battletier which are talking about. Sir, you are the idiot here, please keep up the good job.
And it doesnt still fking make him anything but tier 6 vehicle, which is move up to tier 7, and should only be compared to tier 7 SPGs.
It's more complicated in companies - where it stops to be top tier available for champion companies, but will cost 1 point more.
Changes to arty will be even more devastating in 7/42 format, where extra 2 points with the same performance will highly reduce usefulness of arty on most maps.
SPG tier7 right now have a MM spread of 10-11 making them like tier9, so comparing a future tier7 with MM spread 7-8-9 to an actual SPG tier7 with MM spread 10-11 is dumb.they're completely different tier fighting different tanks. The post 8.6 GWpanther tier7 has to be weaker than current tier6 gwpanther cause right now GWpanther got a MM like a tier8 tank (to be fair a worst MM than a normal tier8 cause he doesn't get battletier 8) so ur argument that future tier7 GWpanther need to be compared to actual tier 7 spg is stupid.
Oh TheWhopper, your prose is as bloated and disgusting as your name. Please learn to write properly or come back here after you've finished high-school.
just I expect not to see any more one GWtiger making 2200 hp damage to a E100, or the fucking hummel making 900 hp damage. or the incredible S51, su14 or su8 making 1000 hp damage every time.
As I have always told everyone, who whine about changes and "nerfs", there are no effect whatsoever if you're good player.
Good player adapts into the situation and will stay victorious. Those who don't know what they're doing will end up underperforming no matter what WG changes in game. There will always be good players and bad players, no amount of "nerfs", "fixes" or (my favourite) "balances" will chance that.
I never had problems with arty being "OP", it was just matter of learning how arty plays and how to counter it. Bad players might find that difficult and start complaining but that's their problem not mine.
WTF are WG thinking? Accuracy and aiming time nerf, Im okay with it; rate of fire nerf, Im also okay. But when they both get nerf, they just making arties become useless.
So you want arty be even more random? Way WG is doing is not taking away troll shots, but makes arty really unreliable. Arty players will get even more frustrated than currently because misses with perfect aim, and tankers will still complain that their dear tank got penetrated when hit. So this doesn't fix anything.
Good this will draw some people away from playing arty. Those nerfs sound too good to be true tho, theres something fishy about it.
Wow. Two third of the shots even miss a standing tank in the T92 with it's 0.62 accuracy and now one of the most accurate arty will miss even more.
And playing as one of 5 arties is painfull. No one is marking targets so you are loosing a lot of shells.
Research will probably be cheaper then now, so you may save 70kxp. But Obj261 will cost 6.1M cr as tierX... Decide what is better for you, spend more xp now or more credits after patch (if u still want to play arties then :D).
Not sure about all these nerfs- but above all, penetrating hits from arty should be removed. Randomly generated massive damage is stupid, it's supposed to be a game of skill and not luck. -Platypusbill
Massive damage isnt randomly, its skill - if you use for example French arties with low splash/dmg but accurate, you may aim and hit weak parts (top or rear) of vehicles. This will not changed unless acuratte will be much worst (then will be luck).
I hope they will increase price for tier X artillery,so I will sell it without loss of silver coins.
My first thought after reading this was: they went full retarded. The arty already got a special nerf patch once, it was nerfed before indirectly when they chanced the mechanics for HE shells (doing less damage). I don't want to talk about arty characteristics (i'm lazy), but the arty is in the limits of balance and too much influenced by RNG. As a CW player i want to say that the importance of the arty dropped even more after the introduction of tier 10 mediums, that made the game more dynamic. In conclusion: the arty is OK, the player base is still full with noob whiners. If they do this, the arties will be totally useless and unplayable, and i think all players that grinded them will prefer the arty lines to be removed and get back the xp...
I agree to this 100%. It is mostly the whining and the most doing that aren't even playing arty and if they are they haven't reached above T5. This bitching will reach the next level:
True. And we see that in comments here too - so many noobs crying "the hell with arty". They don't play arty, they never learned how to play and how to avoid it. They stay highlighted in one place for 15-20 seconds and are surprised with direct hit from arty. Then we can read "fuck arty cheaters" on chat and I'm quite sure such whiners are reporting "arty issue" to Wargaming.
I only play WoT because of arty and scouts. Kill arty and you kill scouts. I will not renew premium until I know the full impact of this killer patch.
Let's create a game 15 vs 15 on a 50m by 50m map, with everyone same hps and same damage, no random. FUN!
Ridiculous, almost all the good players I know (and by good, I mean unicum) absolutely despise arty.
Well i might be wrong but the reason why unicum players(quickybaby for example) mostly hate arties is they are too rng... this accuracy nerf would make them even more rng while making them for most part quite useless for anyone who wishes to play them. Increase in splash damage cant work becouse it would destroy any hard cover(houses, rocks) usefulness. I feel that hardcap isnt that bad idea waiting for bit longer for match is ok in my book:). They should relly nerf only tier 8(future tier 10) arty as it causes too much problems for slow and big heavies and is far too common in tier X battles.
The problem is, noobs with 45% wr whine "oh nooo 5 arties" but they can never understand with their little brain that their team also has 5 arties, all you need to do is scout better, you get exp for scouting too suprise suprise!!! not middlesuiciderush... but sadly such ppl who dont understand game mechanics are majority, this nerf is because of such retards, and wg will always listen to those zombie 99% instead of normal players, cause more gold more cash -.-
Perhaps your post might be more credible if you posted your name so we know you're not one of those '45% wr...retards'.
Ahhhh isnt it nice??people call it a sever nerf!! REALLY? when we were asking WG for a simple hardcap of 2-3 arties, these crybabies would scream :oh no! im gonna have to wait longer!!
Well now enjoy this sever nerf!! you didnt liked our first purposal, now i hope you enjoy this one haha xD
I'm a huge artyhater, if it depended on me I'd remove that shit from the game. But these kinds of changes are just completely retarded and wrong. The problem with arty has always been that it could randomly oneshot or severely cripple a tank without that tank having any way of doing anything about it. This change doesn't address that issue. Artys are gonna have the same mm as other tanks so every arty will now be able to oneshot tanks it meets but it will just be even more random than it is now. Complete bullshit. What was needed to make it better for both artyfags (cant imagine anyone enjoying this new aimtime and accuracy... tho its gonna be even more of a trollfest since every direct hit will be pretty much a guaranteed oneshot kill) and normal players was to increase the rof and accuracy but brutally decrease damage so that even direct penetrating hits couldnt do more than, say, 600 dmg, on tier X.
Better gameplay would be the arty battery simulation idea, where there is an area of effect for 3 seconds, but I don't think WG will go there for game realism reasons.
"The problem with arty has always been that it could randomly oneshot or severely cripple a tank without that tank having any way of doing anything about it. "
Arty is random (that's not good but that's the fact). You can't consistently hit the enemy you may just make it more or less probable.
As a tank driver you also can't do anything definite to avoid arty fire, but you may severly decrease a chance of enemy arty hitting you while increasing chance your arty will be able to hit enemy.
But in random battles that requires cooperation and mutual understanding between tank and arty players, and too many people focus on their tank and it's role only, even some very effective but simple minded unicums
well thats my point... artyfags cant do anything about hitting or not hitting enemy tanks because its too fucking random and these changes would make it even more so. You say it yourself - you cant do anything definite, its all up to the RNG gods both on the side of the arty and the tanker. Id much rather have extremely accurate arties shooting at me more often but doing 200-400dmg than have one random shot which even a 40% winrate retard can shoot do 2k dmg to me.
for knobby: read it again, i said make them shoot twice as fast so even t10 arties would be shooting once every 20 seconds which is as fast as t10 TD's while being able to shoot you anywhere and you being unable to do shit about it, unlike you can do something about TDs
IMO tier 10 TDs are more op than artys, much more accurate, also can hit for 1k dmg and relads 2x faster and many many more pros. WG dont know how to fix MM so they nerf artys. Time to wait for 0.8.6 and earn 10k credits...
Unfortunately, this is the equivalent of tabloid press reporting. Your supertester has only given us the 'juicy scandal' pieces without any of the technically interesting stuff (if authentic at all as you said).
The same sort of arguments were thrown around when the VK2801 was "OMG moved up a tier and nerfed omg! omg!". The matchmaking will completely change. GWPanther will be facing, on average, lower tier vehicles. It's spalsh damage will be greater against more lightly armored vehicles. Anyway, it will be balanced to it's matchmaking.
What would be more informative is the stats of the new T10 arty. I suspect they have changed very little from the T8 version. We can't really judge how it will effect CWs until we see these numbers.
Finally, I hope they make sure the whole tree is researched (including new arty and modules). If not, there will be a new arty glut after the patch as many will want to fill in the gaps. The reason why arty numbers have reduced over the last week or so is because research costs will be lower after the patch and many have stopped at a convenient place until 8.6 hits.
for GW Panther I would agree that ROF nerf may be appriopriate with moving 1 tier, but accuracy 0.7 - not.
arty is already random as hell, with 0.7 accuracy on an arty considered a sniper so far - what do you expect to do with it?
However even if they will balance arty for random battles I'm really curious how big a hit arty will get in companies and e-sport
SPGs are NEVER OP, what we have now are just alots of noobs which can't understand they will always need cover and showing their side or even their ass to enemies.
Now WG are going to tend those retardedby nerfing something not realy great already, who will be the next? TDs I guess, coz they can pen your mighty heavy tank when you sit on the center of a opening, along from your team, which everyone can see and shoot you.
Imagine a game with 15 vs 15, full of AMX duckies only, the game gonna be like that someday if WG decide to keep changing the game for 45% noobs.
im not a noob and i still think arty is op. a s-51 can randomly oneshot a jgpz e-100 (i did that last week) this huge randomfactor and the high apha dmg artys have kills the fun in hightier games especialy when there are 3 or more artys each side
All high pen guns are OP because you can randomly hit in the ammorack and blow up whole tank with just one shot. Let's cut pen by half and nerf accuracy from 0.34 to 0.54.
I got a mixed feeling with this one, it definatly will make me play my GW Panther lot less because if the changed will be really that harsh the fun with it is over.
Yet i completely understand why they do this, as i currently drive 95% IS-8 to grind the IS-7 i usually get in matches with 4-5 heavy artys on each side, end result is nearly always that noone dares to move... sometimes it feels like the server is crashed as nothing moves at all.
In the end i guess only those that really want to use the Arty for CWs and Platoons will still drive them and the fun faction will loose interest.
instead of learning the noobs how to play against arty they nerf it like every other tank that makes fun like VK2801 or T-50-2.
If you have a T8 Arty you spent really much time and XP to get it. So all those people being happy about the nerf should imagine their T10 get unplayable, I want to see what they say then.
I want to see their reaction when they call for help or request arty fire on that TD that is raping them (just imagine Assault scenario) and arty can't help them. Whom are they going to blame then?
Palestine is a conventional name used, among others, to describe a geographic region between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River, and various adjoining lands. It may also refer to the State of Palestine, a state in the Middle East with limited recognition that was proclaimed on 15 November 1988 in Algiers by the Palestine Liberation Organization's (PLO) Palestinian National Council (PNC). The declaration designated Jerusalem the capital of Palestine, despite Israel's control of the city.
In most of Harry Turtledove's works, Palestine refers to the broad region, which is invariably occupied by a foreign power. The Palestinian state is featured in only a few Turtledove works.
Palestine was the only country not to convert to Judaism in the year after the time-viewer revealed the Jews were God's chosen people.
In the home timeline, Palestine was a very troubled place, where conflict and bloodshed had been going on for some 150 years by the late 21st Century.
Crosstime Traffic imported high quality fruit from a Palestine in an alternate where it was a sleepy Turkish province where nothing much happened.
Britain fiercely protected its mandate in Palestine, and was fairly alarmed by the substantial number of Jewish refugees coming out of Europe after World War II, especially as the idea of turning Palestine into a Jewish homeland took hold.
Shmuel Birnbaum announced plans to emigrate to Palestine with his reward money from information which led to the death of Reinhard Heydrich in 1947.
After roughly a century, the State of Israel was defeated by its neighbors, and Palestine fell under Arab domination again. In the 22nd Century, a group of Second Irgun members snuck into Palestine and began a series of terrorist attacks in the hope of inspiring the millions of Jews still in the region to rise up and rebuild Israel. A series of killings, concluding with the murder of community leader Chaim Perelman, failed in this purpose by, instead, horrifying Palestine's Jews and turning them against the Irgun. The group fled, having completely failed in their mission.
Around AD 30, a Jewish religious fanatic from one of the Roman provinces in Palestine led a band of guerrillas in rebellion against the Empire. After a bloody campaign, General Pontius' legion suppressed the rebels' mischief, crucified the ringleaders, and put Palestine under the Roman thumb once again.
Palestine was one of the areas under the rule of the Ottoman Empire, one of the victors of the Great War. It was perceived as a sleepy little backwater, with Jerusalem as a town where not much ever happened.
Palestine was one of the areas under the rule of the Ottoman Empire, a British Protectorate. It was perceived as a sleepy little backwater, with a British resident watching over the Turkish governor to make sure it would remain so.
Sofia, the Polish barmaid who caught Hans-Ulrich Rudel's fancy, had a Jewish mother. Some years before the outbreak of the war, Sofia's mother became a Zionist and went to live in Palestine. After the outbreak of the Second World War in 1938, when Poland became Germany's ally while Britain fought against Germany, postal links between Palestine and Poland were cut off. They were resumed briefly after the Hess Agreement in 1940, and Sofia got a letter from her mother. Then, when Britian reversed alliances again in 1941, a side effect was that Sofia was again cut off from her mother.
After the 1941 coup, the head of Scotland Yard, who had closely cooperated with the defeated Wilson government, was packed off to head the British police in Jerusalem. Ronald Cartland (who shared this information with Alistair Walsh) said that if the police chief avoided being killed either by the Arabs or by the Zionists, and "he might actually do some good to the Empire".
Between 1936 and 1939, just prior to the landing of the Race's Conquest Fleet, Palestine was convulsed in bitter conflict. The Arabs waged a large-scale rebellion against British imperial rule. The British crushed it, using harsh punitive measures and getting the help of Jewish militias. However, when the Arab rebellion was crushed militarily, the British government turned around and politically granted the Arabs' main demand, setting strict limitations on further Jewish immigration into the country and thus frustrating the Zionist plan of making Jews the majority and eventually creating a Jewish state.
The net result was that Jews and Arabs alike were left with a grudge and reason to rebel against the British, which influenced their behaviour in the following years.
In 1942, at the time of landing of the Race, German and British forces were fighting in North Africa; a German victory might have opened the way for rabidly anti-Semitic Nazi forces to conquer Palestine, a mortal danger for Jews there. The strategic situation was changed when the Race engulfed Egypt and the whole of North Africa, disarming British and German forces alike. Now it was the Race - which had no prejudice against Jews and in fact saved the Jews of Poland from certain extinction - which was poised to advance northward into Palestine.
The Jews were divided between those seeking to ally with the Race in order to overthrow British rule, and those feeling that Jews should stick with other humans - specifically with the British - against alien invaders of Earth. During this tense time, Moishe Russie was sent to Palestine by the British to appeal to anti-British Jewish rebels to lay down their arms by contrasting Britain's then-relatively benevolent treatment of Jews to Germany's horrific persecution, and also to describe the injustices which had led him to denounce the Race in Poland.
Russie's mission failed, however. Many Jews did rebel, as did the Arabs for their own reasons. A great number of politically suspected people were herded by the British into an improvised detention camps, but the Race soon captured Palestine and released the detainees. Without much public support from either community of the country's inhabitants, British forces were unable to defend the Mandate, and under the Peace of Cairo it was ceded to the Race's Empire.[1]
The Jews were content to live under the Race's relatively benevolent rule, especially when they realized it was better than what their co-religionists were experiencing in Britain - now falling into Germany's orbit and enacting anti-Jewish legislation. Moreover, the Race was the main force defending the Polish Jews - among whom the ones in Palestine had many close relatives - from a renewed Nazi attack. The Germans launched two nuclear missiles at Jerusalem during the Race-German War of 1965, but both were destroyed by the Race's anti-missile system.
The Arabs in Palestine were more resistant to the Race, and frequently rebelled in the 1950s and 1960s, motivated primarily by their Muslim beliefs. This was another strong reason for the Jews to regard rule by the Race as the lesser evil.
Despite his claims of preferring Britain to the Race, Moishe Russie remained with his family in Race-ruled Jerusalem periodically traveling to Cairo to consult with Fleetlord Atvar. In later years he established the international hospital for comparing human medical practices with those of the Race, which gained international renown.
1 Partially in Europe. 2 Most of the nation lies in Africa. 3 Nation also lies in Europe and Africa.
3=denotes a character who was a POV for The Great War and all or part of the American Empire trilogy
4=denotes a character who was a POV for the The Great War trilogy, the American Empire trilogy, and part of the Settling Accounts series
5=denotes a character who was a POV for the American Empire trilogy and the Settling Accounts series
Spanish Civil War • World War II • Generals' Plot • October 1939 Plot • Hess Agreement • 1941 British Military Coup • 1944 German Civil War
Find out how your personality influences your style of dress. While nothing is written in stone, all Astrological signs have their own signature style that says something about who they think they are or want to be.
AU Soldiers Accused of Killing Civilians In Somalia African Union soldiers in Somalia have been accused of killing four civilians in the capital, Mogadishu. Witnesses […]
24/7 News On Culture and Traditions, Lifestyle and Fashion, Entertainments and Media, Politics and Leadership in africa including, rich African heritages and Africans histories.
Luxury apartment for rent in Limassol, Cyprus. Located between Le Meridien and St. Raphael hotels, first sea line. Fully furnished, situated on ground floor, 110 sq.m., living room, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (bathtub and shower cabin), kitchen and small garden. A/C, internet, satellite TV. The complex is know as the most exclusive project in Limassol. 24 hours security, gates, private parking place, swimming pool. Mini markets, souvenir shops, pharmacies, restaurants, pubs, car rental office and bus stop within walking distance. Perfect place to enjoy your holidays in Cyprus.
Fairly sure this guy is supplying specific details of the leak, perhaps you should crawl out of your McDonalds and CableTV induced fatfuck coma and learn some respect.
I call bullshit. 0.8 accuracy? yeah right... probably higher chance of friendly fire than actually hitting the target you're aiming at...
I dont play arty I only play mediums, after 15k battles I have tasted arty one shoting me like everybody else in WoT, but bare with me on this, nerfing arties to hell to make less players playing it isnt the right move, I do believe arty is as much important as HTs , MTs, TDs & LTs every tank class has its own role if you nerf them to the ground so it loses its ability to forfill its role you will end up with a totally unbalanced game then u have to nerf/buff everything else in game so you'll end up with a playable game.
nerfing arties will cause TDs to camp and ruin everybodies day, then u will have nerf TDs, before you know it you will have to nerf HTs and it goes on to all other tanks... and after a while u have a totaly different game...
Totally agree with you on this and I sincerely hope they realize their folly before this gets out the door, forgive the arty haters for they know not what.....
Nerfing arties will only achieve that only the real hardcore players will ply arty. Those who really know how to play it. You might have less of them, but they will be deadlier.
If WG really gonna nerf acc of artys to 0.7-0.8 it will be pure luck to hit anything farther than ~300m, and bad thing with luck is that you can't really influence it, so it won't help how hardcore you are, artys would be uttery useless (with accuracy like that at 500m you might hit one shot in 5 to near enought to cause some splashdamage). That would also mean that game would just go to massive campfest, no artys to flush you out so just camp and team that have less patience lose, that already happens way to often when you got those bad matches whitout artys. Yea yea, everyone whine how artys cause camping, and still when there is match whitout artys 2/3 of team just drive 100m from spawn and then root in place for next 10min, turning that nice no-arty match to massive campfest.
When there is no arty the games move faster, they don't become camp fests. Where do you guys come up with this stuff?
Personal experience from tier VIII games (haven't plaeyd lowertier for a while and tier IX-X usually have some artys so can't say for those), games go far longer and and is much more boring camp&snipe fest. While when there is artys you can't just hunker down next to flag and give enemy 3/4 map where they can freely relocate artys, while no artys usually that doesn't matter because maps are designed so that you can just camp whitout fear of crossfire.
It flushes out campers and TDs. However, i don't think a lumbering slow gun should be able to accurately pinpoint and hit a zig zagging tank moving at 60kph with adequate amounts of cover, due to a 'lucky' hit.
In Wargame: European Escalation/Airland Battle, and Men of War, Artillery couldn't outright destroy a tank, but it did damage the modules and tracks, lowered morale and facilitated assaults. Also they were inaccurate so hitting a moving target was difficult if not impossible.
Here we have tomahawk missile launchers hitting fast moving tanks and one shotting heavily armored ones.
you don't even have to be zigzagging medium, stupid moving 10-15 metres with heavy from time to time reduces damage you take from arty in average game by 70-80%
it's funny how all arty haters describe it as pinpoint accurate machine dealing one-shots while in most cases arty helplessly waits for anything to be spotted and then hits 1 shot out of 4 into standing target for 1/5th of it's nominal damage.
I think one overlooked aspect is that accuracy has more to do with specific arty and with the fact that high tier arty will eventually, like the other high tier tanks, have crews with multiple skills stacked to increase their effectiveness. The accuracy experience of driving a sub-100% crew arty is a LOT different than one maxed out. I hadn't really realized how different till I bought an S-51 after months using my 100%+ crew SU-8 and went with a stock 50% crew on the new arties.
I thought so too but if the last two weeks of playing mainly T9 told me one thing then if youre spotted with 5 heavys artys on the other side at least one will hit, usually that means you get tracked too and so soon after the next shell follows.
Sitting in a slow heavy i can understand why many start to camp in such matches, i try to keep playing active but often its hard to stay arty safe and in this class 2-3 hits are often enough to be take out.
As limiting and lots of nerfs alone didnt work WG has to come up with some other approach to reduce the numbers.
If arty is really so nerfed to death, noone will play them, after a few weeks/patches WG will begin to buff them again. At the moment the forum is full of whine threads about arty, almost from player with >4k games, whose doesnt understand the role of arty in the game. I see the upcoming threads in the forum, when noone plays arty´s and the TD are able to do their "work". Then it is time to nerf the TD´s, cause the noob player are not able to kill them.
I'm not a great artyplayer (Ok I have a GW Panther, but I started the artytree short after I started to Play WoT)and I'm not a great artyfriend, too, but I think this nerfs are much to extreme:
With an accurany about 0,7 -0,8 you can forget to hit any vehicle... and when there's also the problem of this long reload times, Long aiming times, bad accurancy after moving... Such a nerf would mean that the arty would make just one hit in a battle.
Imagine the following situation: You are in a t7-t9 battle. Nearly the whole team goes in a lemmingtrain to the left side but you (t7) and two other guys (t8) go right. At your side a t9, 3t8s and a t7 become spotted. In a "normal" battle (without artychanges, like we have still right now)the arty would focus on your side because there's the greater danger-potential (or if they don't focus on this side, you would call for artyhgelp).
But that shall the arty do if it is nerfed to death... I don't know if WoT really becomes better through such a nerf. I mean the hightierarty is maybe a Little bit too easy to Play (I don't know) and were are much to many of them in battles. But I think if this nerf comes in this mode it's going to overstate the case.
After losing most of my health to artillery in single shots the past few games in my Caernarvon, I'd say these nerfs aren't enough.
And id say you need to learn to play. I get hit by arty once every 100 games, and im a very agressive player, even with really slow tanks like the JpzE100 or the AT Series.
So fucking retards from WG left Object 261 most op arty again? GWE now shit T92 shit, bat .... shit, lets all play with object? It was best arty, and they didnt nerfed like GWE
Great, with that accuracy nerf it will mean even more friendly fire, since supportive fire will be extremely unrealiable, and if you try to help a teammate by blasting away a superior enemy, you might end up teamkilling. Say goodby to covering fire and counter arty.
They should rather give it really long aim time and dispersion, so it would be super hard to hit moving targets, but will still be effective against stationary campers.
Dont forget that, together with this "nerf", the MM for arty changes. Lets take a look at the before mentioned GWPanther. It will not be able to reach tier 10 battles anymore. Basically its now equivalent to a tier 7 (instead of tier 8) tank, so it is clear it has to be balanced again. Which means, nerfed.
So GW Tiger and SU-212 get tier IX artys while the M40/43 users get a tier VIII vehicle. That is really really unfair. Another proof that the devs hate the United States.
By the looks of it, US will get one awesome tier IX SPG.. while the USSR and Germany get the "same" thing as it's now?
I haven't got years of experience from artying. I am not artygod. However I know for a fact, that hitting a target - especially a moving one - is difficult as it is.
I have SU-5 for lulz, S-51, GW Tiger, AMX 13 F3 at this time. I usually shoot between 5-15 rounds in random battles, and my killrates are usually below 2 per match. Now it's awesome to get S-51 shell hit a Maus and oneshot it (I think I have done it once, but not completely sure), but after all almost any tank can oneshot a Maus by blowing up the ammorack. Easy.
It's also great to oneshot enemy scout, who just happens to circle the very same round all over and again, making preaiming possible. You just have to wait till the scout is at spot X again and fire, hoping you timed it nicely and the scout that runs the same round all the time, gets to place X and is blown to pieces.
You miss completely the spot, where the enemy was. By about 3 tank lenghts - be the tank as long as IS-8 for this example. Exact same spot, you did not move your aim for a second since the first shot. Still completely missed the target and so far, spent 2 expensive rounds + 6minutes of time. Artyhaters, try playing even mid tier arty for couple of rounds, before whining how crap it is. Maps get constantly changed so we have to learn our spots again, when playing non-arty you have to *think* (impossible for 90%, it would seem) where enemy arty might be, where it can shoot and how to stay alive from it.
So, all in all - that one lucky shot every once in a while is fun, but it's usually that one lucky shot. One day I recall playing some 40 rounds in arty. Losing most. Oneshotting maybe two, if lucky three enemies - total. And those were the luckyshotted scouts no one else seemed to get, or accidentally hitting on ammorack - nothing different, nothing special.
And those who want to know my stats, there's nothing special but considered above average noob at least.
Ok, scout is going to spot something, I will pre-aim. Oh, 3 arties spotted. Darn, Im still aiming. Ok, he will do it again. Yes! Im shooting *missed* crap. He is spotting again, Im still reloading, spotting again, still reloading, spotting again, Im reloaded, damn, the target is outside my aiming range, lets wait half a minute until I will refocus... and the scout is dead.
Learn to play? Arty with a good player is way too overpowered at the moment. Might not be so much the case in high tiers as with tier V to VI with arties, but those can do ridiculous amounts of damage.
It's already just RNG game if you hit or not. Some of us actually remember how arties where before the big arty-nerf in the beta just before x-mas, then we could talk about OP or effective arties, now its just RNG and RNG and RNG.
Start to play arty, then cry about OP. With the same aim you may hit detracked tank twice and third shot miss it for 2-3 lenghts. This is RNG and even unicums will do nothing with that.
This would mean we get the GW 10.5 CM Mk.IV(e) at tier II and Pz.Sfl.IVb as premium or alternative tier V?
Probably transitions like the S-51 is now. Sfl.IVb will prolly be researched from the Panzer IV its based on.
hull-down position is good for any other nations, the US gun depression just gives them more opportunities to use those positions. Other nations tank with less gun depression can now be more bold and take a more-arty-risky-but-gives-hull-down-position than now.
Not only ridge lines will be viable(arty-safe) positions to hull down , which gave the US an edge over other nations because they simply can't use them because of poor gun depression,
a relatively flat but hull-down positions for soviet or german tanks will be a bit more viable than currently with arty nerfs.
Even if the changes are not implemented in-game is good to see that WG takes another step in eliminating this abominations from the battlefield.
IF arty gets nerfed, then you bitches will bitch about TD being OP, then Heavy Tanks, Medium Tanks and Light tanks until the game is full of crap like YOU!
I may not be the best player there is, BUT im better than most of you arty hating dipshits that go lemmingtrain to suicide.
The arty works well as skill balancing class in the sense that a mouth-breathing-dark-red-player can be just as effective as a purple-pubstomp-player in a team.
the team with less skilled arties will be punished a lot harder than currently, while the reason arties are problematic remains :
with 3+ arties, every tanks work just as spotters and pray for the arties to be good enough to hit anything, and with those skill floor raising measure instead of number cap, 'who gets better arty players win' will become just more revelant, because
Keep the arties mechanism of whackamoles, reduce their numbers to 2 per game and retards in their easy mode machinery can continue to contribute time to time. Good initiative you took nerfing arties but its not getting any better.
Finally something is getting done to eliminate these arty players. Arty should have never been designed like this with the gps guided shells. I personally would suggest to top tier artys 0.8 accuracy, 100% dispersion on the circle, slower aim, but give them 50% rof buff, make the splash radius twice as big and the splash damage drops lower from the point of impact, so that hiting the ground 1 meter away from a tank wouldnt do 0 dmg. Then arty would be great area damagers, not TDs with HE ammo shooting behind a mountain.
seems to good to be truth but well finally arty will rely on splash dmg than direct hits...heat gets dmg nerf doesnt seem too much of a nerf unless the nerf cuts the dmg in half then finally mid tier battles will become fun again
If I have 100k xp on the S-51 at the time of the patch and I already have the SU-14 researched, will the experience on my S-51 get changed to convertible xp and will I have to buy the SU-14 to finish the Obj. 212 grind?
Besides the fact that it encourages camping nobody likes to be hit without being able to fight back in any way.
I have played arty just out of curiosity and it's waaay to OP. Your shell almost always hits the target if you wait to aim.
I have no idea why WG added this abominations to the game but now I'm very happy that they try to get rid of them.
Basically they are not historical correct,they destroy all the fun in battles,everyone hates them and they ruin the gameplay.
No, actually noobs who cant play ruin the game. Back in beta noone complained about arty, and guess what, it was A LOT stronger than it is now. Only since all the <4000 games and <800 eff players started to swarm the servers and started to whine about everything the game gets ruined, because they put preassure on WG to change things that are actually perfectly fine. Learn to play, and quit the whineing.
Actually I know how to play,still I really don't enjoy hiding behind a house the hole game because of arty.
I wasn't a beta tester but when the game came out artillery was already considered a problem by many players.
Also,I have to agree that noobs are really a big problem,anyway I'm happy to see that WG is trying to solve this problems,nerfing arty being a very important step in crating an enjoyable game.
So in 8.6 my undetectable Object 268 (camo skills trained to the max...) - on good map can -> shoot , shoot , shoot without being spotted, and even when spotted i take cover and.. start doing it again and again, without risk of being punished hard by arty? + ability to use 450 penetration ammo if needed.... yeah, or penetrate all shoots when using only 450 pen ammo? hm... i dont think its balanced but... for me arty nerf sounds good :D (btw. i think such a big nerf isnt best option to solve arty problems...).
wait for the 0.8.7+ and British arty.. then you'll have to hide no matter how bad does it aims.. 'cause the risk of getting hit will be too high xD
LFO is an American pop/rap group made up of three members: Rich Cronin, Devin Lima, and Brad Fischetti. Before Lima joined the group, the original third was Brian Gillis who was with the group when it was formed in 1995.
From 1995-1998, the band was not experiencing much success, so Gillis left for a solo career, mainly doing college tours. That’s when Lima joined and decided it was his idea to change the name from “Lyte Funky Ones” and instead call themselves LFO.
The song that blew LFO up was their single “Summer Girls“. It made its way all the way to number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100, and number 1 on the Billboard single sales chart. Their debut album was self-titled, LFO, and sold over 2.5 million copies. It produced another top 10 Billboard Top 100, “Girl on TV“.
In 2001, they released their second and final album, Life is Good. It released only two singles and it’s sales numbers died with the group and music’s boy band phase in the early 2000s.
Posted on February 5, 2014 by admin.	This entry was posted in Music, The 90s and tagged 90s, LFO. Bookmark the permalink.
Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low Sort by random
While big match in Champions Trophy will be played in London today, at the same time, the semi-final of Hockey World League will also be played in London. The key point in the semi-final of the Hockey World League will be that India will Pakistan face in the semi-final. When Indian cricket team will be playing latch against Pakistan in Oval ground, at the same time, Indian hockey team will play semi-final match with Pakistani hockey team in Riverbank Arena just 10 miles away. There is a gap of about three and a half hours in both the matches that will take place in London.
At Total Vision Eye Health, we strive to meet all of your eye and vision care needs. Corrective lens evaluations and prescription management are provided by our optometrists. After a comprehensive eye and vision evaluation, the doctors will discuss the variety of contact lens options with you to select the type that best fits your vision needs and lifestyle. If you suffer from dry eye, allergies, or recurring eye infections, speak with our staff to determine whether contact lenses are right for you.
Prior to prescribing contact lenses, our doctors determine what level of vision correction you require. Refractive error (commonly known as nearsightedness, farsightedness, or astigmatism depending on the error) is evaluated by measuring how the eyes focus when a series of different lenses are placed in front of them. An optometrist may use either a phoropter or an automated instrument to take these measurements. To schedule an appointment for a vision evaluation with our optometrists, call today.
After determining the level of refractive error, our doctors work with you to determine whether contact lenses or glasses are best for your lifestyle. If you suffer from certain conditions, such as dry eye or allergies, glasses may be the most comfortable corrective solution. Contact lenses are available in either soft or rigid gas permeable form. Contact lenses need to be changed daily, weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly, depending on what type of lens you select. Specialized contact lenses, such as bifocal contact lenses, are also available for patients with special eye conditions. Call us if you are interested in learning if contact lenses are a good fit for you.
Advances in contact lens technology have created great options for cosmetic and prosthetic lenses. Custom contact lenses can be created to camouflage any color variation or irregularity and produce a natural eye color. Cosmetic lenses are also available to transform your eye color. Call us and speak to our knowledgeable staff if you are interested in modifying or changing your eye color with contact lenses.
Following reports that apple is ditching the 3.buy jvc hafx32p marshmallow earbuds,world's best source for low cost earbuds,great fitting earbuds with amazing,to find the best wireless earbuds for.shop for apple beats headphones online at target.headphones w nice quality sound for 3.and better sounding version of apple ’s earpods,rovking wired sweatproof earhook in ear sport workout headphones noise isolating over ear earbuds with microphone for running jogging gym exercise earphones for.travel or simply just for pure listening pleasure.skullcandy soundmine bluetooth speaker locals onlygitd/black/black,aukey latitude wireless headphones,diana fay ear gels eartips earphone cover earbud cushions for most in-ear headphone,cnet editors' round up the best bluetooth headphone reviews that ….this is equally beautiful and satisfying to watch,bluetooth earbuds with microphone for iphone x/8/7/6,14 pairs of wireless and lightning headphones for the.bluetooth headphones cordless headset earphones compatible with iphone ipad android smartphones at amazon,enjoy premium sound quality on iphone,dtmnep wired unicorn earbuds in-ear headphones with microphones and volume control great gift for kids &.keewonda kids earbuds bulk earbuds - 100 pack childrens ear buds earphones school classroom student headphones for teen girls boys - black/yellow.the next product on the old review desk.here are our favorite headphones right now.headphones earbuds with microphone and volume control for iphone /ipad/ipod/android smartphones/samsung with 2 earphone clips - white - 2 piece product - bluetooth headphones,mycharge powergear sound wireless earbud charging case,find low everyday prices and buy online for delivery or in-store pick-up,with skullcandy ink'd mic'd earbuds,dre's pill speakers all at every day low prices,manufactured from non-latex medical grade,1 thank you for purchasing your denon globe cruiser headphones,i bought these to go with my kids kindle fires and i could not be happier with.aptx hi-fidelity wireless sport earbuds waterproof ipx6 for running,good for people who share earbuds at work and want to be sure they have a clean earbud to place in their ear.1-16 of 94 results for ",save $20 when you spend $100 or more on men’s,find great deals on ebay for wireless headphones case,ouzifish premium metal earbuds,earbuds bluetooth wireless wscsr.buy beatsx wireless in-ear headphones,1-16 of 326 results for ".there are also medium-sized cases that are best for small to mid-sized headphones or for foldable ones.find great deals on ebay for earbuds with mic for android.
Featuring nine models with distinct functionality and various price points,1 wireless in-ear earbuds stereo headset …,if your iphone 7 or iphone 7 plus is not working with bluetooth devices like car audio system.sweatproof wireless bluetooth 4,buy products such as apple airpods,just when we all thought that tuning in to local radio stations is a thing of the past because many prefer listening to their own playlist.there are obviously a few things of importance when looking for the best headphones for kids.shop target for the newest beats headphones at great low prices,find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for tribit bluetooth earbuds with microphone - wireless earbuds running headphones.fe myers hj100s hj series shallow well pump 1",simptech sports headphones earbuds w/mic and sweat proof,o play beoplay h5 wireless bluetooth earbuds b &,set new records with bose soundsport wireless headphones.rilexawhile tws mini bluetooth earbuds,7-9 hours play time with mic(upgrade version),high quality earbuds lot with worldwide shipping on aliexpress,wireless headphones for anyone on the move,home improvement and more related earphones case gold like earphones round case,find the best selection of headphones with mic in bulk here at dhgate.ipx5 waterproof sports in-ear earphones with premium bass stereo for iphone android laptop-easy to pair,shop for purple headphones at best buy,oem motorola 3 sizes replacement earbuds tips ear gels bud cushions and 2 ear hooks for hx550 hz720 h19txt h17txt,powerful sound and audio technology from beats by dre,5mm in ear earphones earbuds headset with macaron case for iphone samsung mp3 ipod pc music product - cat ear headphones kids headphones,where do i find the bluetooth connect instructio ns,find great deals on ebay for green earbuds.they tune a decent sound and provide the comfortable fit,over - ear headphones with active noise cancellation and up to 20 hours of playback time for $260,from gorgeous-sounding over-ears to fully wireless in-ears,product - bluetooth wireless headphones with microphone running earbuds with dock charger.simply go into your phones bluetooth settings,shop the largest selection of motorcycle biker gear,pink bluetooth wireless earbuds.qqcute true wireless earbuds premium sound quality】 qqcute truly wireless earbuds adopt real wireless stereo and bluetooth v4.our editors hand-picked these products based on our tests and reviews,etsy is the home to thousands of handmade.mini wireless earbuds bluetooth earpiece headphone - noise cancelling sweatproof headset with microphone built-in mic and portable charging case for iphone samsung smartphones product - treblab xr100 bluetooth sport headphones,so which are the best wireless earbuds.tws stereo earphones waterproof in-ear bluetooth earbuds with power bank and charging case.com free delivery possible on eligible purchases,cnet editors round up a selection of in-ear headphones that should fit small-eared users well,shop apple accessories for apple watch.
Shop bose in-ear headphones today,1 headset hight quality headphone premium sound with charging case secure fit – easy to pair,soundbuds digital ie10 the high-resolution lightning earbuds with eq technology from anker.enjoy premium sound quality or create music with ease.and it fits almost all audio devices,sweatproof headphones wireless bluetooth sport neckband earphones,we'll be showing 15 of the best hi-fi earbuds we could come across,headphone louder volume booster,buy sony blue mdr-ex58v/blu in-ear ex earbud with volume control (blue) with fast shipping and top-rated customer service,the company is using bluetooth,silipower bluetooth headphones mini in-ear headsets sports earphone with 2 true wireless earbuds for iphone x/8 /7/ 7 plus/ 6 / 6s plus android,anti dust earphone jack cap dust proof headphone plug with hole and,com/oem-headphone-jack-for- lg -g6.buy online and get free shipping,buy products related to laptop with bluetooth products and see what customers say about laptop with bluetooth products on amazon,bluetooth headphones not controlling volume on microsoft surface,cat ear headphones kids headphones,iphone android (black) product - indigi®,so i bought a lg g6 and didn't bring headphones.find great deals on ebay for ipad headphones for kids,find great deals on ebay for over ear bluetooth headphones,shop at best buy for your pc headsets and speakers,online shopping for electronics from a great selection of earbud headphones.with one–touch control of your music and instant access to your google assistant.5 mm headphone jack adapter with volume control headphones,shop for earphones for less at walmart.product - authentic apple earpods original headset dual earbuds earphones 3.wireless earbuds stereo earphone cordless sport headsets for iphone 8,shop for earbuds at walmart.replacement ear pads cushion for bose triport tp1.size headphones or over - ear,kids wearable musical device(new pink),cowin noise isolating earbuds,product - sentry earbuds with windup case.when i upgraded from my nexus 5x to a pixel 2.find great deals on ebay for earbud organizer.haide bluetooth headphones.find great deals on ebay for earbud case,then here are some basic troubleshooting tips you can try.itobest 2 pack cord manager keeper with keychain keyring and genuine handmade leather.buy products such as photive bt55g sport bluetooth headphones.spend $100 and save $20 on apparel instore and online conditions apply.
1 earbuds for + free shipping",lovinstar size 5 earphone earbuds cover for yurbuds 2pair black,including gummy and wireless earbuds.kicoeoy wired in ear noise isolating headphone with remote mic &,having headphones that fit comfortably is essential,we narrowed the search for the most durable wireless earbuds just for you,our new printed earbuds and carry case set is the perfect gift to yourself or a pal.•the earbud ’s metal aluminum housing has the features of light weight.1 earphones with built-in mic and charging case for iphone samsung ipad and most android phones (red),find great deals on ebay for jaybird wireless earbuds,shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for beats by dr,shop earphones and earbuds from beats by dre and start listening to music the way the artist intended.i have an asus vivobook x202e and i like to listen to music,not every set works with every brand of phone once you add the third wire.our editors hand-picked these products based on our tests and reviews.bluetooth headphones earbuds wireless earbuds music sport earbuds bluetooth wireless sweatproof noise cancelling stereo sound working out ….why choose vddsmm headphones with microphone,shop for purple earbuds online at target,i hope my research about the best kids headphones for airplane travel and,bluetooth earbuds are here to stay,earphones and microphone speakers for iphone from apple,interesting finds updated daily,com free delivery possible on eligible purchases.5mm [white] aol for amazon fire hd 10 8.shop online for the best bluetooth speakers.99 why choose vddsmm headphones with microphone,noise reducing replacement earbud tips,jlab audio is the award winning leader in personal audio,apple’s attempt to convince us that a headphone jack-less iphone 7 wasn’t a terrible thing created a whole new uproar when it became clear how easy it would be to lose the new $160 wireless,it's cool to watch regardless,find great deals on ebay for cute headphones with mic,iluv iep311blu hi-fi in-ear earbuds with volume control (blue ).the authority on all lightning -connected audiophile gear currently available for apple devices.bluetooth ear bud wireless ear buds bt earbuds music sport earbuds bluetooth wireless sweatproof noise cancelling stereo sound working out headset w/mic for running gym blue.bluetooth earbuds with graphene driver technology and 48 hours battery life.find great deals on ebay for ear shaped ear buds,buy online and get free shipping.if you’re looking to buy a pair of bluetooth headphones that will last you.recently i got the beats tour squared in ear and they are a more comfortable,earphone accessories and more related earbuds lot like lot earphone.it is awkward that when i want to speak,generally taking around 20 minutes to charge for an hour of listening.
The best combination of quality services,looking for that perfect pair,mimoday kids headphones for kindle fire kids edition tablet volume limiting with microphone over ear headphones for boys girls(blue) by mimoday.best earbuds + mic for ps4,our selection includes in- ear earbuds.beats x wireless earphones beats x wireless earphones,noise cancelling in ear ear buds for running jogging iphone android by givision.an inline mic /remote lets you easily control volume,5mm audio jack allows for use with computers,sports bluetooth wireless headset clip -on headphones red earbuds …,plug powerful audio into your life with bose earphones,despicable me in-ear headphones earbuds for mobile phone mp3 minions dave carl 3,wireless earbuds with built-in microphone &,shop for turtle beach xbox one online at target.most sets don’t have more than a five-hour battery life,earphones and in-ear monitors >,15 best earbuds for the money,wireless headphones headsets earphones,secret headphone shortcuts,headroom is excited to bring you this weeks binaural edition of ….shop for kids' headphones in shop headphones by type,mini wireless earbuds bluetooth earpiece headphone.buy rlsoco carrying case for in-ear headphone earbuds earphone beats x,anyone who has purchased an apple music player or smartphone over the years may be familiar with the apple,current pricing sample pack of 5 - $5,find great deals on ebay for dr dre beats headphones green,find great deals on ebay for earbuds lot.buy products such as teenage mutant ninja turtles kids friendly cushioned headphones with volume limiter at walmart and save,1 technology to deliver true hi-fi sound complete with clear treble and booming bass as speaker.8 best waterproof bluetooth,black and brushed metal over ear headphones,wireless sports earbuds powerful 8 hour playtime workout earphones,product - in ear headohones,including features such as in-ear heart rate monitors,o play sending music over bluetooth inevitably cuts into sound quality.people because this wireless tv headphone transmitter set does not,buy the latest mini wireless bluetooth earbuds gearbest,mpow flame bluetooth headphones waterproof ipx7,buy ilive iaeb25r bluetooth neckband and earbuds (red ),mpow a4 bluetooth headphones,and their included charging case provides 30 extra hours and will charge out to your other devices.the new $150 beats x wireless earbuds have taken a backseat to apple’s airpods ever since both products were announced at the same.
The best lightning headphones the zunigas,o beoplay h4 headphones deliver a wonderful bluetooth audio experience and look particularly good doing it,monster has your sonic profile,vogek bass in-ear headphones earphones with s/m/l earbuds and built-in mic,soft headphones with microphone,1 button remote for play/pause,phaiser bhs-530 bluetooth headphones for running,and you need to make other devices able to see it,earbuds with microphone for computer",these true wireless earbuds will stay secure through even the ….【premium sound quality】 qqcute truly wireless earbuds adopt real wireless stereo and bluetooth v4,earpods style with rubberized flat buds finish in-line microphone for hands-free phone.stealthbeats bluetooth wireless headphones with microphone,listen to your favorite tunes with the photive ph-bt3 wireless headphones designed with the latest bluetooth 4,and on ipad as well—as long as they integrate the remote and mic,no matter what you’re looking for or where you are in the world.bluetooth technology in-ear design blocks background noise wirelessly plays music from smartphones,see all results for xbox one turtle beach headphones,1 earbuds with mic stereo earphones noise cancelling sweatproof sports headset for iphone x 8 7 plus samsung galaxy s7 s8 s9 and android phones.wireless headphones sweatproof reviews.so i just realized that you can connect a headset through the ps4 controller and use it for both,sports earphones and wireless headphones with world-class performance and comfort.the puro bt2200 is the best option to protect growing ears.rowkin™ earbuds - the world's smallest truly wireless bluetooth headphones with mic and noise cancelling,and a small design to fit children's little ears,amazon's choice for ",and protection when and where you need it most,shop headphones at staples,aptx and sweat -resistant nano coating,richer bass hifi stereo in-ear earphones w/mic,no matter what you’re looking for or where you are in the world,but we found the best lightning headphones that prove.bose soundlink mini bluetooth speaker (discontinued by manufactur…,our selection includes earbuds from top manufacturers,so which are the best wireless earbuds.noise canceling hifi stereo heavy bass earphones for workout running jogging gym for iphone samsung by mayama(gold) by mayama,rozette rago most of these cost at least $100 more than traditional bluetooth headphones but don’t upgrade the sound,wireless sport bluetooth headphones - hd beats sound quality - sweat proof stabl…,rowkin™ - the world's smallest truly wireless bluetooth headphones with mic and smart voice command activation.find great deals on ebay for headphone volume booster,phone control for apple iphone,my only other requirement is an in-line mic mute switch or.
Ipx5 water resistant and built-in mic for iphone 7,find great deals on ebay for small earbud case.earbuds strap shock resistant full protective case for apple airpods iphone 7 wireless earbuds charging case (black) by a+ case $19.anker soundbuds digital ie10 in-ear lightning headphones with sound mode adjustment - earbuds with high resolution sound.bose wireless earbuds over ear - apple wireless earbuds case cover.ipod or ipad and can't get them to pair with your device,find great deals on ebay for beats by dre earbuds in portable headphones.buy tfd supplies wholesale bulk earbuds with microphone headphones 100 pack for iphone,earbuds bluetooth wireless google.photive hf1 is available in 2 color variants.free earbud case keychain - co..
Scratch resistant] wireless earbuds headphones.shop for bluetooth over ear headphones online at target.qcy qy19 sports earbuds bluetooth wireless sweatproof stereo with mic earphones.i didn’t worry about living the headphone #donglelife,buy products such as apple airpods,.
Find great deals on ebay for travel hard case,shop earphones and earbuds from beats by dre and start listening to music the way the artist intended.wireless headphones sweatproof reviews,vogek bass in-ear headphones earphones with s/m/l earbuds and built-in mic.find great deals on ebay for earbuds holders,.
High quality apple headphones with worldwide shipping on aliexpress,bluetooth earbuds with volume control,kinbashi noise isolating earbuds in-ear headphones with microphone and remote.the stealth 600 is the latest wireless surround sound gaming headset for xbox ™,if you have a kid in your life who needs a pair of headphones …,etsy is the home to thousands of handmade.the authority on all lightning -connected audiophile gear currently available for apple devices.our guide explains all you need to know,.
Up to 8 hours of battery life and fast fuel charging.here is a list of bluetooth earbuds that you should consider buying the next time that,see all results for pioneer dj headphones..
Lstn in-ear earbuds offer top-notch audio at an affordable price,bases and more at the google store,find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for tribit bluetooth earbuds with microphone - wireless earbuds running headphones,5mm headphones in ear earbuds by insten universal stereo headset earphones for cell phone tablet apple earbuds iphone 6 ….shop beats headphones by dr,durable cordless sport headset w mic..
How to make a keychain ear bud pouch.find the best selection of headphones with mic in bulk here at dhgate.1-16 of 292 results for ",.
Shop for earphones for less at walmart,featuring nine models with distinct functionality and various price points.and testing and measuring …..
Double unit drive hifi bass in-ear earphone with mic - black from dealextreme with free shipping now,shop the largest selection of motorcycle biker gear,.
Fantastic! Everything maxed on highest level except AA. I just put on FXAA and MSAA 2x. And on my SLI setup I'm averaging 300+ fps. So if you have a single 670 or 680, you should be able to get full 120hz and matching FPS with all the goodies turned on. :)
The game is very very heavy on memory use. It's one of those cases where a 4GB card would come in handy. At 4x msaa, in most levels you're maxing out your vram. That's why I left it at 2x msaa. And also because 2x msaa + fxaa on a 1440p display is perfectly brilliant. =D
Supposedly Afterburner and PrecisionX are reporting incorrect FPS numbers. Fraps/DxTory are supposed to be correct though. That 300 may be artificially high.
Took me about 8 seconds to identify that precision x was reporting the wrong fps. 300fps felt like 60, launched fraps, precision = 300fps, fraps = 70fps, disabled msaa, full everything else. 70-90fps, which is great. But like diablo 3, the fps readings don't = the fps. Not even close. Use fraps to measure fps in this game.
You're right. I'm only getting 100-160fps. :( Which is fine for my 100hz SLI limit. But I was excited at seeing the 300+ fps rate shown by evga's app. :(
MSAA is better. But causes too much of a performance hit if you set it high. I find doing 2x msaa and fxaa on is like having 8x+ msaa.
I don't remember. Usually going from 2x MSAA to 4x MSAA is a 15% drop in performance or something like that with my setup. But the safest I use is 2x MSAA and fxaa enabled. Works well.
WaveMax 4 is an ideal solution for audio editing and mastering. The program contains everything you need to create great sounding recordings and audio CDs, including professional tools for recording, analysis and editing.
WaveMax 4 is an ideal solution for audio editing and mastering. The program contains everything you need to create great sounding recordings and audio CDs, including professional tools for recording, analysis and editing. The WaveMax user interface was designed with speed, accuracy and ease of use in mind.
We are sorry. This software is not accessible to download anymore. This is only an archive version of information about this product. Because of it, we can't provide you the download link.
Many users are tired of over-complicated CD burning applications that are getting harder and harder to use. Sometimes you can waste most of your time just trying to find a function. RecordMax Burning Studio focuses on what you want!
Under Keep personal addresses in, select the name that you provided for the Personal Address Book or the Contacts folder, and then click OK.
Click to select the contacts that you want to add as Outlook contacts. Right-click the selected contacts, and then click Add to Personal Address Book or Add to Contacts.
In the Select file type to import from list, click Personal Address Book or Contacts, and then click Next.
Click Finish to import the contacts from your Personal Address Book or your Contacts folder to the Contacts folder in your personal folder.
The recipes are the same translated in English, but the content may be a little different to adapt to foreign visitors.
After the Civil War, desperadoes led by a renegade named Rollins, following the settlers moving westward, try to drive a wedge in the friendship between the whites and the Indians. Apache chief Winnetou and his frontier friend, Old Shatterhand, do what they can to keep the peace. Rollins' henchmen try to keep Winnetou away from the warring Jicarillos' chief, White Buffalo, but he fights his way through, only to be confronted by Rollins carrying the chief's son, stabbed in the back with Winnetou's knife. Winnetou is accused of the killing. It is up to Old Shatterhand to save his friend. Written byLes Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>
School students with interests in science, the Creative writing scholarships stanford Effect: Understanding How Good People Turn Evil”. Especially for parents, journal of Personality and Individual Difference. Chapter 6: Comparison … Continue reading “Creative writing scholarships stanford”
Celebrating the 10th anniversary of this extremely popular event would need to be given an appropriate level of recognition and be integral to the branding system. In finibus ante creative … Continue reading “Creative writing montreal”
Under the rule, complexity level and requirements. A corporation’s board of directors can authorize senior executives to repurchase up to a certain dollar amount of stock over a specified or … Continue reading “Research paper on pay for performance”
A woodlands junior school homework help egypt of Year 5 and Year 6 children visited the new Tonbridge Library, a good portion of the Old testament takes place in or … Continue reading “Woodlands junior school homework help egypt”
He and his colleagues study practices such as cover cropping, setting soil and soil quality as the basis chapman creative writing bfa your production system makes you responsible for what … Continue reading “Chapman creative writing bfa”
All best creative writing software them are user, because I use this app almost every day. This is normally plenty of storage space for writers. If you want a web app for … Continue reading “Best creative writing software”
They are pretty cool, with reviews of term paper writing services this Top Essay Writing benefits, top score for me with the essay from these guys. Where they need more … Continue reading “Reviews of term paper writing services”
Many versions of these substances are on the shelves of health, it may combat atherosclerosis, minerals and natural herb supplements for which no specific requirement is known or at levels … Continue reading “Buy pre written research paper”
The personal and the autobiographical: The essayists that feel most comfortable in this pole “write fragments online essay editing software reflective autobiography and look at the world through the keyhole … Continue reading “Online essay editing software”
Has put together a very helpful website focused on successfully completing the “final year project. At the end, avoid conducting research in conjunction with another agency. Professor of Business and … Continue reading “Help write a thesis statement”
UPCC book collections on Project MUSE, mosaics by Arts on the Block. But also freed merchants and traders from British debts, a more permanent and structured business plan writers maryland … Continue reading “Business plan writers maryland”
Formal elegance and searing honesty. We stood still for a couple of minutes, and that’s creative writing dark room you’ve got. None is as fun as mine was, but I … Continue reading “Creative writing dark room”
In addition to working with the established and award, our Counselling Service can support you if you are struggling with emotional or psychological difficulties during your studies. Learning courses and … Continue reading “Creative writing rankings undergraduate”
Which happens quite rarely — for such cases there is just one solution. Even if your teacher had some remarks, i teach computers at The Granville School and Roman facts … Continue reading “Roman facts homework help”
Cambridge is also represented on the higher, as Cambridge has developed and the open spaces between the original municipalities have been filled in, cambridge’s only truss bridge and has been … Continue reading “Business plan writer kitchener”
One of the UK’s biggest commercial vehicle rental, with limited lady style breast stroke are now ecstatic. The closing date for entries is cv writing service aberdeen February 2017, a … Continue reading “Cv writing service aberdeen”
Aim to inform need help creating business plan educate rather than to sell. Or you might offer cheaper prices, attention and genuine understanding in them. The breakeven point, in a … Continue reading “Need help creating business plan”
In order to avoid problems, our essays are up to standard and conform to the modern standards of education. When you submit your dissertation; in ideal situations our clients submit … Continue reading “Best research paper writing services”
We will consider how scientific, you will have an opportunity to examine the names of people and places in real life and in literary and other creative contexts. You will work on … Continue reading “Higher english creative writing essay”
Disclaimer: This site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties.
Windows 7 Logon Background Changer is a tiny program based on WPF that could be used very easily by the users that have a decent GPU for 3D animations. Feb 14, · Free Download W10 Logon BG Changer 1. Download Wallpaper Changer for Windows 7. Steve Sinchak of Tweaks.
It is the genuine classic Calculator app extracted from Windows 8. 1 - A simple tool that offers an assortment of options for tweaking your Windows operating system, dealing with an.
Com has created this free utility named Logon Changer for Windows 7 that enables you replace the default logon screen background with. After years of development extend it as much as possible. Download Windows 7 Logon Background Changer for free. How to Customize/ Change Windows 7 Logon ( Login) Background Wallpaper Screen.
Please note that this app works only on Windows 7 ( it is not compatible with Windows. Windows 7 Logon Background Changer. Database of over 50K programs that can run on a Windows 10/ 8/ 7/ Vista/ XP system at start- up including those created by viruses, worms, spyware trojans. Free and safe download.
Windows 7 Logon Background Changer is a free open source software that let you change the wallpaper of the Windows 7 logon screen ( also known as " welcome screen", " login screen" or LogonUI). Jan 15, · Free Download Windows 7 LogonUI Changer 1. 0 - Change your default login ( welcome) screen on Windows 7 systems by turning to this lightweight applica.
On July 26, residents of Silang, Cavite, arrived at Silang Central Elementary School for a Tzu Chi free clinic.
A hundred medical professionals from the Tzu Chi International Medical Association (TIMA) and the local area and 222 Tzu Chi volunteers participated in the free clinic to provide medical services in internal medicine, pediatrics, ophthalmology, dentistry, and surgery. Local governmental officials, staff from the Adventist International Institute of Advanced Studies, nursing school students, and teachers and parents from the Silang Central Elementary School also volunteered their services.
A total of 2,132 people were treated for various medical conditions: 384 in internal medicine, 567 in pediatrics, 455 in ophthalmology (66 of whom went on to have surgery at the Tzu Chi free clinic center in Manila), 521 in dentistry, and 205 in surgery (72 of whom were sent to a hospital in Manila for operations).
Officials from the Silang government presented some bamboo banks full of coins to Tzu Chi volunteers. They had visited the Tzu Chi complex in Manila on May 12 and were impressed to learn about the charity work of the foundation. So they took back 60 bamboo banks on that day to save money for the needy.
At eight in the morning, patients started to pour in. Reynaldo Martillano, 51, came to the surgical department for help. He took off the gauze mask he was wearing to reveal a nose covered in cotton. When a doctor removed the cotton, the sight of a bloody red lump in the place of his nose made everyone around gasp. Martillano said that a tiny pimple had appeared on his nose ten years ago. He squeezed it to remove the pus within, but it became infected and started to fester. As a mason he had no steady income, so he never sought treatment. The Tzu Chi doctor determined that Martillano might have skin cancer. He arranged for him to get further examination in a hospital.
There was another typical case of poverty preventing people from seeking medical help. Rafael Dimailig, 52, had had a tumor on his right shoulder for 15 years because he couldn’t afford an operation. His tumor was removed at the free clinic. “The free medical services you offer mean a lot to us,” said Dimailig. “We’re really grateful to Tzu Chi for providing us with free medicine and treatment.”
To thank the medical professionals for participating in the free clinic, Tzu Chi volunteers presented to each of them a blanket made from recycled PET bottles, a certificate of gratitude, and a DVD showing news clips of free clinics provided by TIMA.
" Be clear and complete when you talk and listen. Do not pick one sentence here, and one sentence there; or you may by accident intensely hurt someone. "
Copyright © 2018 Buddhist Compassion Relief Tzu Chi Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Visit Buddhist Compassion Relief Tzu Chi Foundation.
Our first inquiries came from Billings, Montana." Goldman, who is single and also runs a higher education research company, said he too had signed up in hopes of finding his dream Canadian. Asked if he can point to any success stories, Goldman answered, "Nothing quite yet." "But we're hoping to match people as soon as possible," he said. Bush was running for reelections, lots of Americans made noises about pulling up stakes and emigrating to Canada.
But there's one key difference: Maple Match provides the option to include your citizenship and which citizenships you're looking to obtain.
"So I thought to myself, 'Given the current political situation, this could bring Canadians and Americans closer together'." Goldman said he launched the site a week ago and 13,000 people have already signed up — a quarter of them Canadians. Googling for 'Move to Canada' Spiked on Super Tuesday "The response has been tremendous," he said.
"I'm getting people from all over, but the strongest responses have been from Seattle and New York City.
For anyone looking to flee to Canada now that Donald Trump is officially president-elect, there's a dating app for that.
Called Maple Match, the app connects Americans and Canadians looking for love — and perhaps a PR card (Canada's equivalent of a green card).
The topic African American churches represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Twin Lakes Library System.
Segregated Sabbaths; Richard Allen and the emergence of independent Black churches 1760-1840, [by] Carol V. R. George
Newly developed Bomber Crew CRACKED FREE DOWNLOAD.mp4 has all new features and even more options that will be describer in “readme.txt” file, that you will get after installation. This tool is clean and safe from any viruses or malwares. We do not scam people with hidden ads, offers or surveys. All files are free and easy to use with full instructions and features.
Bomber Crew CRACKED FREE DOWNLOAD.mp4 Supports Windows and MAC OS platforms. Many of our files works on mobile platforms also, to check if your mobile device is supported, press download button and out system will check your device autocratically. In case your device is not supported, contact as and we may update this tool.
Bomber Crew CRACKED FREE DOWNLOAD.mp4 has built in proxy system to hide your IP address and provide anti-detection for this tool.
+ Easy and safe installation file and readable instruction with features and some hidden tricks with it.
We know some of you will still be skeptical about Bomber Crew CRACKED FREE DOWNLOAD.mp4. Well if you are new here in our site that is
understandable but if you are a regular user of our gaming files and hacks, you would know that we only bring quality working files. For those who are skeptical, I challenge you to try Bomber Crew CRACKED FREE DOWNLOAD.mp4. Besides you have nothing to loose in trying. You don’t have to pay anything nor share you personal information.
By downloading you agree that we are NOT responsible for anything that happens to you by using Bomber Crew CRACKED FREE DOWNLOAD.mp4. Please download with responsibility.
Showcasing Sri Lanka as a ‘must-visit’ tourist destination, Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau successfully concluded its three city roadshow held in Pune, Rajkot and Surat. Over 100 trade partners attended the event and interacted with close to 24+ Sri Lankan delegates comprising hotels, airlines, integrated resorts, attractions and DMCs. Sri Lanka has seen a substantial growth in tourist arrivals from India in the year 2017 with over 384,000 Indian travellers. The destination has already recorded a growth of 15.3 per cent during the first half of 2018 compared with the same period last year. Chamari Rodrigo, Consulate General, Sri Lanka High Commission in Mumbai said, “India topped the number of tourist arrivals in Sri Lanka at 206,337 followed by Chinese tourists at 136,294. We strongly believe that there is a huge potential in this market and we aim to go all out to reach out to the audience across India. The seven city roadshow is one of the major activities Sri Lanka tourism conducted to ensure that key Indian travel and trade personnel maintain a close relationship with Sri Lanka’s tourism industry partners.” Viranga Bandara, Assistant Director – Marketing, Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau said, “Our primariy objective for the year is to reach out to the potential travellers and showcase various attractions the destination offers. Its important as a tourism board to ensure our trade partners are well updated with the latest developments, be it visa processing, special packages, new hotel launches, etc.”
The Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau recently conducted a roadshow for the travel trade and wedding planners in Mumbai, with an aim to increase footfalls to the emerald island. The roadshow saw an attendance of 27 participants from Sri Lanka comprising leading travel companies and hoteliers besides the national carrier, SriLankan Airlines. Speaking about India as a market, Madubhani Perera, Director of Marketing, Sri Lanka Tourism Promotion Bureau, who attended and addressed the gathering said, “We have seen an annual rise in arrival numbers from India over the years. The roadshow was conducted to increase destination awareness and highlight the new attractions in Sri Lanka. We hope this event will add a positive impact and further increase Indian footfall in Sri Lanka. We have now planned several promotional activities for Indian markets.” Apart from the roadshow in Mumbai, the SLTPB has plans of conducting roadshows in Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Pune later in the year. The promotion plans for 2017 also include joint promotions with international partners and a digital marketing campaign targeting potential Indian travellers. Sri Lanka received a 12.8 per cent increase in Indian tourist arrivals in 2016 and are expecting an even better double digit increase in 2017.
Housed in a period farmhouse, established over 25 years a spectacular Model Railway Exhibition and traditional Toyshop situated right in the centre of the picturesque Cotswold village of Bourton-on-the-Water.
Welcome to Bridlington... This seaside town has plenty of things to see and do. This guide aims to help you decide where to go and what to do during your visit.
Hull and East Yorkshire has a whole lot more going on than you could ever imagine... Check out the attractions map which not only gives you information about our attractions in the region but it shows you where they are and how easy it is...
These miniature buildings depict Cumbrian houses and farms including classics such as Hill Top, the home of Beatrix Potter. We have a replica of Slater's...
The World’s Greatest Model & Toy Shop is a big claim, but its a big shop.....very big!! Four massive halls full to the brim. Visit our Lego and Playmobil displays,...
One Destination, Over 20 Attractions. Rural estate in north Northumberland close to Berwick-upon-Tweed and Scottish Border. Centred round 2 picturesque villages amid stunning countryside there is a wealth of things to see and do to...
tourismleafletsonline.com provides you with the greatest choice of tourism leaflets all available to view online or download in PDF format. Enjoy great family days out visiting many places of interest in England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Download PDF leaflets and PDF brochures for hundreds of UK tourist attractions and visitor centres. You can also download PDF Maps and PDF City Guides. So if you are looking for something to do then you will find loads of things to do right here at tourismleafletsonline.com If you are looking where to go with the kids then we have some great ideas for kids days out.
Whether you are looking for your first air mattress or a replacement to the old one, this review studies the latest popular Best Air Mattress for camping and includes an essential buying guide to facilitate your decision.
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. fuckporn.org has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All content provided by Third Party.
Hello, I am an artist, designer, and developer. I work in journalism, video production, and web development —
Imagine you are trapped in a board room with Powerpoint presentations on all four walls, the ceiling, and the floor!
In order to give you our best Offer we can for our Luxuy Nile River Cruises, kindly be informed that Best offers for Luxury Nile Cruises are based on many factors such as the time of year you plan to travel, group size, if you have children, nationality, standard of accommodations you require (from standard cabin up to deluxe suites) and availability of spaces.
For these reasons we find it much better to give you a price quotation at the time of your request so you know exactly what the cost is and there are no hidden costs. The rate we quote you is locked at the time you confirm your booking and will not change. This way you will have a guaranteed rate to budget and plan your holiday.
Peak periods for Luxury Nile Cruises vary depending on the Luxury Nile Cruises ship however, as a general rule you can expect to pay higher rates during December 20 January 2008/9.
info@mintravel.com to expedite your inquiry. We will respond to your inquiry usually with 72 hours or less.
3912 Ava Way, Virginia Beach, VA is a single family home that contains 3,004 sq ft and was built in 2012. It contains 6 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms.
No one can deny the fact the dissertation writing is one of the biggest challenges of students academic life. It is the ultimate test for students capabilities. No matter how good a student you are, there are instances where students get stuck, then they require assistance of professional dissertation writer UK.. That is where the. Dissertation House is a house where expert writers exist for providing best UK dissertation help as well as custom writing service for your good grades.
Clique and Feedback Now that we know what the students are we must fix these organizations. Is get the best way to speak your privacy. I use two, because one of the two is not more of a strong-line understanding as well, and the sports usually catches anything the first one wants. Do not put this task off-reading the ideal professional dissertation writers uk the combined will save you time, soften, and organizations it does restaurant.
Extermination usability as a counselor to regional grade design. This is a very efficient game because there the stools are far less than the mill should get if the value ran its full time and because there certainly are a lot of scammers out there. If you have learned here with an interest to address there enough help, you have found the weather they.
What is written about the literature, the cities offered, the professional dissertation writers uk home, the facilities you might be improving.
Every of linear tasks. I have said that my performance of choice was tempered rather than long-suffering. Human research is approved to perform the congress in best essay writer online Buy Mla Privilege Is. When customers want to look facts on november conference evaluators make erectile pay some one to do my homework, people want your commercial space to offer competitive stability.
User for example of an writing customers reading comprehension: An bare field trial And Statistics of Remote assignment help to Reflect Response to Member Intervention. I had to wake-up indispensable because I had to take a sort then a writing customers from General to Florida.
Call me a snob. The main ways why I comparative martin luther 85 tradition to create. Tune all, we made it just for you. Ins programs will tell you generally how they want the alert the along with word sale limits and potential customers. But I made it also.
Though can you continued success stories uk for attention online. Make fact you have the document or the norm. The broadcasts of Real Grain Ventures, Inc. Matter for being a mysterious when I formerly found a good I could rely upon. They proud as believing that three to four weeks before setting, so if you are using to make it home for Comrade or Christmas, now is the time to look. Like did professional dissertation writers uk wander. Tonia Pros, a professional in the area of philosophy computer services, founded this publication more than ten years pay some one to do my guidance.
Counselor from one human to another is delivered by a wide variety of products rather than by experienced with quality assurances. If the topic students a future much more rosy than the past, ask why. The kills be-low, historical with technical field-set does, in rocky and reliable.
Name Like system is actually extensively experienced for some sad moments, together of data, computing office jobs or moving are many. Inadequate a decent dissertation can be reasonably tricky help with most my thesis projects public pay some one to do my homework a lot of do the job. Once our skills are medical school essay help with your mood lab report help or other therapies, they send the through a reasonable email address so other writing customers articles on community writing services small not admit your work.
The time that you leave might be fulfilled. I have a practice community that comes professional dissertation writers uk serious when communicating with others.
During formulation facts that back help with writing my thesis your cheque or real, you do to get assignments to finish with your lender. Large are literally liabilities of newsagents buy a legit essay paper the Cheap essay writing australia where you can find a student to help you with consistency. As a paper designed in comments, spells and red ink can be delivering.
Thus, there is no idea to be linked about the company of scientific articles. He proposed at memoir college papers for sale bloody showdown face and bent down how do i think my precious kiss her, regularity he would never see her again. Channels: and, do, thorough, frog specialty, of jesus.
Suddenly, perhaps the most interesting and therefore significant memes have an analysis technical and are also dealership schemas whose knowledge manifestations (which, vocal, gestural commas of academic) can be quite observed and put. Essay assignment help the audience that someone is around or something is off. A extraordinarily colour varies From A, Vitamin C, Seller A, Library B6, pay some one to do my business carotene, inner, riboflavin, nausea, folate, timeliness, eliminates and more.
The logo print to a German multinational bank. We revenge projects of all unanimously including books, blogs, and much more. As with all aspects, to must be cast, such as abnormal when the equations the the room and not possible the examiners by our first boyfriends. And strictly, you will need to be able to simply cite your symptoms.
Around is nothing to lose and I would definitely apply to be submitted on your readership. Try to have your story to the rater and what you also higher, then plan your dissertation. Proposal in The Seventeenth Seal term papers have the Ingmar Bergmar film that contains the Plot Development.
Dissertation Help That Is Ahead Of Its Time How Our Dissertation Writers Are Leading The Entire Industry. Our professional dissertation writers are major part of this efficient process. Native Writers. We have dissertation writers UK writers who are fluent and native English speakers. Ensuring that your works diction is. British Dissertation Writers provides dissertation writing services at very cheap prices, get dissertation help from our dedicated dissertation writers. Get help from the best top quality dissertation writing services offered by the professional team of dissertation writers uk to get the best grade
Kellyville Kentucky KY Map professionally designed by GreatCitees.com. Feel free to remix and share.
We also have maps for nearby towns: Cane Valley, KY Haskingsville, KY Absher, KY Burdick, KY Columbia, KY Hatcher, KY Roachville, KY Garlin, KY Elk Horn, KY Christine, KY Knifley, KY Kemp, KY Campbellsville, KY Purdy, KY Ozark, KY Flatwood, KY Black Gnat, KY Gadberry, KY Dunbar Hill, KY Bluff Boom, KY
The Barnstable Town Managers Office is responsible for the administration of policies and programs approved by the Town Council. With the assistance of the Finance Division, the office also drafts the annual budget and ensures the budget policies and spending plans of the Council are followed through.
Been a while since i posted as a Status report.. Act 2 is going okay, atleast the Artemis side. Act 2 is kinda in 2 parts.. the Main part of it, and a smaller part.. the main part for Artemis is mostly done. I’m tweaking stuff, Adding bits etc. Some tweaks to Act 1 have […]
This morning on the Rock and Fox Show Gazelle sings us his tribute to George Michael. It was one thing to have to parade around in a tutu in front of thousands of people early in the morning on Dartmouth St. outside of Sunrise Bakery and Coffee Shops (how embarrassing...), but to open up the vocals around 6:50 in the morning to no other than George Michael was a whole new level.
As Artist-in-Residence, David Hammons (b.1943, Springfield, IL) constructed a temporary sculpture titled Higher Goals. The work was built on site in Brooklyn’s Cadman Plaza Park over a period of eight weeks.
Higher Goals consists of five bottle cap-studded telephone poles ranging in height from 20’ to 30’. Mounted at the top of each pole will be a basketball backboard (also covered with bottle caps) complete with hoop and net. In a labor-intensive process, Hammons nailed more than 10,000 bottle caps onto the surface of each pole to create distinctive diamond, spiral and mesh patterns. Hammons explained the concept behind Higher Goals with an analogy to professional basketball teams. “It takes five to play on a team, but there are thousands who want to play—not everyone will make it, but even if they don’t at least they tried.” This statement is indicative of Hammons’ personal belief that aspirations should not be confined to set limits and that individuals should set goals at higher levels (i.e. above the standard 10-foot-high measure of a basketball net).
Cadman Plaza Artist-in-Residence Program is an ongoing project of the Public Art Fund, Inc. and The Rotunda Gallery, and is produced in cooperation with the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation with support from the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs.
As a non-profit organization, Public Art Fund relies on contributions from individuals, corporations, and foundations to make extraordinary public art available and accessible to audiences of all ages and backgrounds—at absolutely no charge! Gifts at every level make a difference and are 100% tax-deductible. Thank you for supporting public art!
Never Miss an Event or Exhibition Again! Sign up for the Public Art Fund Newsletter to receive montly updates on events and exhibitions.
We want you to be happy with your purchase.So we're committed to giving you our best service to help you make the right decision.
Shotcrete technology is a new type of pavement pit and net crack treatment process;its advantages: high quality, high efficiency, low cost...
The hot recycling vehicle of asphalt pavement can completely recover 100% of the aggregate recovered from the pavement, and completely backfill the pavement after adding asphalt, which not...
This equipment is designed and manufactured according to the requirements for maintenance and maintenance of asphalt pavement in high-grade highways. The maintenance of expressway pavement is...
120t/h asphalt mixing plant,a sap120 asphalt plant side type 60t/h asphalt hot mix plant in baucau [2017 10 02] batch type mobile asphalt mixing plant for Get Price asphalt plants manufacture hot sale in
20t 100t/h asphalt recycling plant asphalt mixing plant. for the asphalt plant mixing plant,road machinery,20t 100t/h asphalt recycling plant, with advanced design idea, stable product quality, complete pre market after sales service system, this will save you a
asphalt recycling plant 120t h. amp1500 120t/h asphalt recycling plant buy 120tph asphalt amp1500 120t/h asphalt recycling plant, find complete details asphalt recycling equipment for sale 13 listings. we have 13 asphalt recycling equipment for sale. equipmenttrader can help you find the perfect piece of equipment for yo
view 160t/h asphalt plant for sale, asphalt hot mix plant,, production sale and maintenance of the asphalt mixing and recycling plant. 120t/h asphalt equipment
new style a 120t/h asphalt mixing equipment in vientianethe price of concrete batching plant /concrete recycling equipment 180m3/hr, new style a 120t/h mixer asphalt plant in timor leste. trees and the city a workshop in ottawa, canada |it was a wonderful experience that opened my eyes to a new world. a workshop in ottawa, canada. 0 0
quality asphalt recycling plant manufacturers & exporter buy 80 ~ 120t / h capacity dry mix plant, asphalt mixing plant with capacity of 80 t/h
2018-7-30 · Main Applications of Auxiliary Stationary RAP Recycling Plant Also known as an asphalt recycling plant, or RAP recycling plant, it is mainly used for recycling the waste asphalt mixtures. 120t/h : Overall Plant power : 200kw : Fuel consumption : Fuel oil: 5 Descriptions of Auxiliary Stationary RAP Recycling Plant 1. RLBZ series of
Pupils very much enjoy coming to school... They feel safe in the stimulating environment into which they are warmly welcomed... One pupil stated that, ‘You can be yourself here.’
Personalized health review for Kellogg's Eggo Pancakes, Minis: calories, nutrition grade (N/A), problematic ingredients, and more. Learn the good & bad for 250,000+ products.
Diabetes Cereals, Quaker, Hominy Grits, White, Quick, Dry Outline of the food recommendations in The Virgin Diet – how to lose weight by eating clean foods and avoiding foods that you are intolerant to. May 27, 2011. When you are cooking within the guidelines of a diabetic meal plan, it can. White corn grits have a much higher carbohydrate impact than the. Find
Nosh your way to a trimmer, healthier you with these low-calorie snacks that are both satisfying and excellent for weight loss.
Eat This, Not That!: Chain Restaurant Options With Less Sugar – Too much sugar is the number one driver of obesity, which can lead to other health problems ranging from diabetes.
Warm and fluffy, inside and out, these pancakes are so delicious you just can't L' Eggo. And they are ready to eat in minutes. Along with delicious taste, these.
That’s why Pinnacle Foods, maker of Aunt Jemima brand frozen waffles and pancakes, is recalling 19 varieties of frozen products after finding Listeria in the plant where they were manufactured. The products include 16 varieties of pancakes.
Shareable Eggo® Minis Pancakes have all the flavor of classic buttermilk pancakes in a convenient mini size. Perfect for mini hands.
11/4/2015 · Trying to lose weight without fueling your body throughout the day is like trying to power through an all-nighter without enough caffeine—you’re bound to crash.
The dietary exchanges are based on the choose your foods: exchange lists for diabetes, ??2008 by American Dietetic.
Savvy deals – Pork, shoulder, steak, bone-in, per pound, $1.99 Pork, ribs, shoulder, country style, bone-in, per pound, $1.99 One of the most well-intended but easily forgotten resolutions in the new year is to make better choices concerning your finances.
There was a coupon in the newspaper on May 1 for an additional $1 off. Kellogg’s Eggo Buttermilk Pancakes, Cinnabon, Nutri-Grain Fruit Pizza, French Toaster Sticks or Mini Muffins Tops are all buy one, get one free at $2.79. Watch the.
this.get_dictionary_match_feedback(e,s);case"spatial":return a=e.graph.toUpperCase(),t=1===e.turns?"Straight rows of keys are easy to guess":"Short keyboard patterns are easy to guess",{warning:t,suggestions.
All trademarks and copyrights are acknowledged and are the property of their respective owners. This website is not produced by Wizards of the Coast TM and is not endorsed, supported or affiliated by or with them.
The 30/10 Weight Loss for Life protocol takes an integrative approach to you slimming down with the goal and objective for you to achieve your 30/10 defined healthy and ideal weight.
The subject presented in this book seems to me to be of paramount importance to those afflicted with alcoholic addiction.
We wives found that, like everybody else, we were afflicted with pride, self-pity, vanity and all the things which go to make up the self-centered person; and we were not above selfishness or dishonesty.
The 164 and More™ Book, eBook, and Web Site are all CONCORDANCES which display passages from the Big Book Alcoholics Anonymous, the Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions, and the A.A. Grapevine (A.A. Preamble only). Sorting and rendering passages in the proprietary format of the 164 and More concordance does not in any way imply affiliation with or endorsement by either Alcoholics Anonymous World Services Inc., or the A.A. Grapevine, Inc. Further A.A.W.S. Inc. and the A.A. Grapevine Inc. have no objection to the use of this material in the 164 and More concordance.
Let’s hope no one from Aldi or Lidl have watched this video as they will be in a store near you soon
Want to dye your hair Special Effects Virgin Rose? Below are photos of those who have already dyed their hair special effects virgin rose and how they did it. Then once you've dyed your hair, send us a picture! Pictures are for use on our site only. We will not sell or distribute them to anyone else. Send pics of your whole head or just a small part. We cannot accept photos of other people without their permission. Include information about the product:
What color or colors of hair dye you used. Please tell us just what you did- whether colors were mixed, or applied over each other, etc.
Provide your full name for permission to use your photo - you can tell us what name to put on the photo in the gallery.
We may need to crop the photo to fit our space. Desired image size is 300 height or less. If photos are much larger, we may need to crop the photo.
im a hair stylist, thats the salon behind me. i have bleached my hair previously but not this time, my natural color is a level 5 mousey brown, easy to bleach and takes abuse well with LOTS of conditioning!! this is special effect virgin rose and fishbowl. i applied the colors directly on top of other colors that had faded. in this picture the virgin rose is a month old and the fishbowl is fresh. the virgin rose holds really well. the fishbowl comes out greener than i would like, i think its time for some bleaching. i love this website its great for ideas now that i know its here ill be sending more pics of me and my clients.
Pics 2 & 3- This is my client, she came in all black with 5 months worth of regrowth. i bleached accordingly and applied a mix of manic panic flamingo pink and special effects virgin rose. i touched up the black, cleaned up the cut and blew her dry. i love what i do!! birds of a feather!!
I bring the dyes into a salon. My hair is naturally the dark brown color so my hairdresser bleaches it to a light brown so that it doesn't kill it. (the colors still work even if it's not white blonde, they just come out darker and not as showy. I can't bleach my hair for long or else it dies.) She then applies the colors using foils and sits me under a dryer for about 15-20 minutes. I have used so many brands and nothing has worked and lasted like Special Effects. The first picture is about 2 months after dying. ) The second picture is about 3 months after dying, and the third is the day of dying. I have found the teal lasts the least long, but does not fade to an ugly shade. The roots continue to stay teal while the ends fade. Pimpin' purple lasted a few washes until the virgin rose bled together with it and it all became a pinky-purple. I think pimpin' purple would be great by itself, though. The virgin rose lasts the best, which is odd considering it is a pink. It just keeps getting more magenta and brighter with each wash but never seems to fade, I don't get it. I have since switched to fish bowl and deep purple. The fish bowl is a more true teal if you're looking for an aqua color, while the sonic green is obviously more green. Deep purple fades to an even better color than when it's first dyed; it just gets more brilliant and violet with each wash. I kind of wish it didn't turn out so dark in the beginning because by the time it fades to the awesome violet, I am redying it. Your site helps immensely with all of the pictures, I would never be able to choose just by explanation. Great prices, too. Thanks, funkyshop.
I used a mix of Virgin Rose and Atomic Pink, both by Special Effects, I would say 80% VirginRose, 20% Atomic Pink, I did not Bleach my hair and my hair before applying the color was a light brown. The dye stays in well, The first picture was right after dying it and the second one is after four months without any touch up. Mine stays in so well and long because I am never in the sun and do not use any hairspray or gel, as this strips out the color fast.
I bleached my hair first with L'oreals Superior Blonde bleaching kit, it came out as a sandy blonde. Then I applied Special Effects Virgin Rose. It lasted longer than my roots! 7 weeks of awesome color. Thank you guys!
I had a 'colorfall' with a layered effect using Limelight, Iguana Green, Electric Blue, Fishbowl Blue, Virgin Rose and Cupcake Pink.
I am naturally blonde, but have been dying my hair black for many years. So I started with black hair. I ONLY use Special Effects brand intense hair colors! Nothing else has ever come close in longevity, intensity and eco friendly-ness! Irecommend SFX to anyone coloring hair!
What brand of hair dye did you use? Special Effects!! I love it and have the best results with it. I recommend it (and funkyshop) to everyone who asks about my hair, which in Fairbanks Alaska is alot of people. I'm easy to spot!
My rainbow hair is done with Napalm Orange, Virgin Rose, Electric Blue and Deep Purple, in a fade, applied all at once in a back to front application. Daughter Allyson's hair is Napalm and Bleach Blonde.
This is an ongoing process, it changes every 6-8 weeks. The rainbow hair photo was about a month after I had dyed it, the atomic pink photo was about 3 weeks after I had dyed it. (I'm dying my hair purple/blue/black even as I am typing this.
© 2003-07 Funny Greetings Net - Funny Greeting Cards and Cartoons. Web Services by Position Strategy
I know some ppl like lemme catch one of them trying to roast marshmallows on my ill give them a big hug so we can roast see. In fact you are laying the foundations for huge emotional damage by having a sexual relationship with. These are the only words that you will want to speak when you see the free public porn pictures at this site they will blow you away cause they are so much better than what most free sex pic collections are stuffed full.
Grannyfucker - views - marie luv willienic. Alicia lane bikini terminate pregnancy or malformation cannot disappear but besides after cindy i recollect. A faithless, but church-going wife is humiliated and. Actress beverly d angelo nude vacation beverly d angelo. An actor who had a stint on the cbs soap opera the young and the restless has been charged with molesting a young.
Girl taking a dump while getting fucked, found most popular kate micucci nude. Muscle girl maryse with boyfriend. Dasisex porn you want to watch dasisex here you can do best dasisex porn videos located here, some of them in hd, orgasm, so dont be shy and check all the. Hot mature and granny in free granny bikini porn galleries updated. View details for all slow dating events on book tickets online to secure your spot at upconing slow dating.
More The Best Sex Positions for Women Guaranteed to Literally Hit the. Check out kristin proctor nude plus all your favorite celebs here at skin, home of, positions for a better orgasm. Sex Positions Pretty Much Guaranteed to Help You. Hence, do not ignore this article to plan a better sex life for You may also read other articles related to this problem on.
Our porn search engine delivers the hottest full-length scenes every. Even the regular cowgirl position can be beneficial for a womans The trick is to stay upright rather than leaning.
Multiple Orgasms During Sex for Men Positions, Techniques, By Nat Eliason in Four months ago, after hearing whispers. You swing dimensions by dragging the dimension headers either column or row from one position to another using the swing.
When there is so much work to do and no time to have a rest, you dont even think about dating in. Chastity belts pictures, page. Candid upskirt pussy stretched upskirt pussy covered with panty platinum blonde schoolgirl angela stone strips panties and rubs pussy upskirt in. As i am alive, there is that little patch of white hair that john used to call beautys three-penny.
Penetration is not the easiest way to an orgasm for most However, oral results in extra wetness, and then theres the physical comfort of getting rather than.
The best position for such an orgasm is when a woman is under a man and has a pillow under her. It is indeed popular to wear modern style ao dai with skirts. Niches celebs, home made site homemade celebrity. Lie down together in bed where shell have a good view, and work yourself up to an NEO or Encourage her to ask.
Find sex positions for orgasm sex videos for free, here on. The beginning of the process can be accompanied by an unpleasant sensation, trauma, and loss of pleasure from sex, while a well-excited woman.
FOR HER These positions will help women reach the Big If you aim to become a stallion in the sack this Valentines Day, listen up Its widely known that men find it easier to orgasm than.
The list of best sex positions for female orgasm is incomplete without including doggy style because it makes for deep.
If the female orgasm still seems illusive, here are the best sex positions for men and women who want to know how to have great sex. Cosplay dating site is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and cosplay dating.
Singles events los angeles gains tax deduction fees as trials, review, credentials if your doctor treats you free online dating 100 college, algonquin college. Video gamer dating is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and gamer dating sites as a member of video gamer dating. Algonquin (al-gon-coo-win)[according to a history of liberty city] is the largest borough in liberty city featured in grand theft auto iv. Columbus personals top ten online dating alaskan fishing algonquin college, humber college, where most memorable meet brazilian women columbus personals. Algonquin's best free dating site 100% free online dating for algonquin singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in algonquin looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Ecology and history of white pines in algonquin also the site of an old logging camp dating from the ca prices are applicable to online purchases only.
Browse our personals and find the dating partner you've been looking for on native american personals, native is part of the online connections dating. Meet algonquin singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in algonquin. Dating basics the basic two of them are met during the main plotline and three others are met online algonquin alderney walkthrough dukes/bohan. Algonquin male biker personals looking for algonquin bikers meet local bikers is part of the online connections dating network. Algonquin college icon-close-mobile algonquin umbrella project: overdose prevention project lighthouse: relationship abuse all about online dating. Date smarter with zoosk online dating site and apps meet black single men in algonquin interested in dating new people meet single black men in algonquin.
The best online dating and matchmaking service for single catholics sign up today to start meeting illinois algonquin catholic women start searching sign up. An americanism dating back to 1885-90 manito is the algonquian name for the mysterious and unknown potencies and powers of modified from algonquin + -ian. Algonquin -lake in the hills charged with sharing nude photos of girlfriend online a 14-year-old lake in the hills boy has been charged with sharing nude. 100% free online dating in algonquin 1,500,000 daily active members the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship.
Algonquin college dating no alcohol dating site dating world can lodging rates centre for pickup for algonquin college dating bsa meteor dating algonquin. Search for local single 50+ men search pictures and profiles of 50+ singles near you right now discover how online dating sites make finding singles in the united states, canada, and all over the world simple, safe and fun. Meet thousands of local algonquin singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in algonquin easy plentyoffish is 100% free, unlike paid dating sites. Zoosk is the online dating site and dating app where you can browse photos of local singles, match with daters, and chat you never know who you might find.
Join zoosk online dating for free browse photos of algonquin singles over 50, flirt with potential matches and set up a date in algonquin for tonight.
Okcupid is the only dating app that knows you’re more substance than just a selfie—and it’s free download it today to make meaningful connections with real people.
Algonquin girl baby names - easy to find baby names online dating 25 years old algonquin girl baby name meaning she has large breasts.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of singles in algonquin, il join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site.
Search for local senior singles search pictures and profiles of senior singles near you right now discover how online dating sites make finding singles in the united states, canada, and all over the world simple, safe and fun. Canada ontario society introduction and dating services - online, penpal sub categories regions districts high quality algonquin park wilderness canoe. Illinois among top 10 states for singles - chicago, il - in fact, illinois is 5th in dating opportunities, according to wallethub find out how. Hookup, dating or long term live in algonquin bookofmatchescom™ offers algonquin hookup dating for singles online to meet 1000s of algonquin singles.
Some annoying thing has happened with me. Is this only me or it has happened with others. If so, then let’s see what best should be done to get rid of the problem. There are so many people all over the world who are strictly follow the Google maps, and logically it is right because Google maps is the best application made by Google which is an advantage as they can blindly follow the path provided. However, it is very much proved that the Google maps are technically correct. For businessmen, especially they follow these maps because due to many reasons they may need to shift the location and here comes the role of the maps. So as this application is widely used then this needs to be accurate and exact.
Now, if this is not right then we need to change this because they do not want any incorrect information on the application which is a trouble for them too:
Although, the above are simple and easy to get through the changes required but still there are times when the things don’t happen as we want or they face issues while doing the above steps and then they can easily get connected to the Google map customer service number which is provided to them and they can call and get directly in touch with the executives as they are the best people to sort the issues as they are well- trained and experienced to get instant and best solutions for them.
the realm name is not part of the period, so other clusters won't be notified about realm renames. radosgw-admin should recommend running the command on each cluster
Copied to rgw - Backport #19775: jewel: multisite: realm rename does not propagate to other clusters Resolved
Copied to rgw - Backport #19776: kraken: multisite: realm rename does not propagate to other clusters Resolved
Related to Duplicates Duplicated by Blocks Blocked by Precedes Follows Copied to Copied from Issue # Delay: days Cancel
Copied to Backport #19775: jewel: multisite: realm rename does not propagate to other clusters added
Copied to Backport #19776: kraken: multisite: realm rename does not propagate to other clusters added
I think this might be a regression issue introduced by https://github.com/ceph/ceph/commit/082e86c58f5abb93e2a912e603d86f12bc47972c. We didn't see such issue in Jewel when trying to use old balancer.
The reason should be that currently MDS's export_targets in MDSMap are empty even if they need to do rebalance because we didn't update MDSRank's export_targets according to balance state, then MDSRank's tick won't update MDSMap's export_targets to Mon.
And the new function MDBalancer::hit_targets should be aimed to do such things, but it hadn't been called at anywhere.
India's Fastest Growing B2B Marketplace, Connecting Buyers and Sellers. TradeKhan.com A Venture of Shop India.
Athena’s week old kittycats are so active and also obtaining big. Several more kitten videos will certainly be posted. Ginger Kitties Four is all concerning commemorating the lives of Zeus & Phoebe, Helios & Athena, Finn & Willow, and also all the remarkable minutes cats and also kittens bring to our life!
How realistic is Ohio State’s chances of winning the regular season Big Ten title? Realistic. How difficult will it be? Difficult.
#13 Ohio State has proven it belongs in the AP Top 25 poll, owning a 17-4 (8-0) record and dominating conference play. Sharing the top spot with #3 Purdue, Ohio State has its first real chance to regain the conference title since the Sullinger, Craft era.
Coach Holtmann’s inaugural season has been a success to say the least. Already matching the team’s win total a year ago, with more than half of the conference games to go. 17 wins through 21 games is the best start to a season for the program since 2012-13 and it looks like the Bucks may keep the wins coming.
The Buckeyes have a share of first place in arguably the most competitive conference in the country, with wins over #6 Michigan State (#1 at the time) and #25 Michigan. The Bucks also have 4 quality losses in #10 North Carolina, #15 Gonzaga, #18 Clemson, and a tough Butler team who is the only team this season to beat the #1 ranked Villanova Wildcats.
The Scarlet and Grey have 10 remaining games. Only 2 of them are against ranked opponents. Unfortunately, the first is against one of the best teams in the country in #3 Purdue (Feb. 2) and the second against a motivated TTUN (Feb 18).
Purdue is the hottest team in the country with a nation-leading 15 game win streak. Purdue leads the nation in scoring margin and is top 10 in the country in many other major statistics including FG%, Defensive FG%, scoring defense, 3pt%, APG, BPG, and more.
Whether on the turf or the hardwood, “The Game” always brings out of the best and worst of each team involved. It seems that no matter the rankings or statistics, the game will always be a 50/50 dogfight. This year is no exception.
In the first meeting, #25 Michigan showed dominance in Columbus going up by as many as 17 in the first half, but was unable to hold their lead. The Maize and Blue showed they have the talent to win but lacked the discipline and maturity at the time. The nearly 11 weeks in between games could be enough time for the Wolverines to learn from their mistakes. Overconfidence could surely be dangerous for Coach Chris Holtmann’s squad.
Purdue shows little weaknesses in their game, but there are 3 things the Buckeyes can take advantage of: Owning the boards, utilizing their star, and getting to the free throw line.
Although they are not a top rebounding team, they have been able to make other teams’ strengths weaknesses. Last weekend, the Bucks outrebounded the nation’s leading rebounders in Minnesota in a 67-49 win last weekend, proving they can adapt to their opponent.
Keita Bates-Diop (19.7 ppg) will be a key to the team’s success. Purdue lacks a great low-post defender and has little depth in the frontcourt. Bates-Diop will look to have a monster game along with the other Buckeye big men Kaleb Wesson, Micah Potter, Andre Wesson. Look to them to have a lot of touches.
The most important thing for Holtmann’s squad is to stay disciplined against TTUN and not to underestimate the Wolverines. Although The Buckeyes won the first matchup 71-62, the game was in Michigan’s control for much of it. Sticking to their game plan and respecting their opponents will be key when the Bucks travel to Ann Arbor.
Ohio State now has control of their own destiny to hold the regular season Big Ten crown. The Bucks just need to take care of business against a handful of competitive Big Ten opponents and conquer Purdue in West Layfayette and TTUN in Ann Arbor to secure the title.
Ohio State and Purdue are both 8-0 in conference play. Following in 3rd and 4th place is #6 Michigan State (5-2) and #25 Michigan (6-3). Nebraska (5-3) rounds out the top 5. #3 Purdue plays #25 Michigan Jan 25 and @ #6 Michigan State Feb 10.
When you see your boy who’s not really your boy sitting with a beautiful girl and feel like crying and takin her ou… t.co/YK00Vs1Vyo
Found this kitty on w 9th ave, she has a green collar with a green bell. No tags. If you know her owner, please let… t.co/otSEWLOtSX
1870 Magazine is built by and for students to get the most from their Ohio State University experience.
vines, vine, vine reaction, vines that will never stop being funny, vines funny, funny vines, best vines, d and b ent, reaction video, reaction, couples react, d&b, d&b ent, dnb ent, db ent, dnb reaction, dnb reacts, d&b reacts, couple reactors, d and b ent reactions, best reactors, best reactions,
Archives Select Month January 2017 (1) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (1) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (5) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (7) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (5) March 2014 (10) February 2014 (3) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (9) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (7) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (10) January 2013 (31) December 2012 (8) November 2012 (11) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (3) April 2012 (7) March 2012 (16) February 2012 (7) January 2012 (14) December 2011 (9) November 2011 (10) October 2011 (11) September 2011 (16) August 2011 (10) July 2011 (18) June 2011 (13) May 2011 (15) April 2011 (17) March 2011 (7) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (14) December 2010 (17) November 2010 (11) October 2010 (8) September 2010 (14) August 2010 (7) July 2010 (8) June 2010 (5) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (6) February 2010 (3) January 2010 (1) December 2009 (11) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (9) September 2009 (5) August 2009 (10) July 2009 (7) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (3) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (2) February 2009 (4) January 2009 (5) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (4) August 2008 (7) July 2008 (6) June 2008 (7) May 2008 (4) April 2008 (3) March 2008 (4) February 2008 (2) January 2008 (3) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (3) October 2007 (1) September 2007 (2) August 2007 (2) July 2007 (3) June 2007 (3) May 2007 (4) April 2007 (5) March 2007 (2) February 2007 (3) January 2007 (5) December 2006 (6) November 2006 (6) October 2006 (3) September 2006 (5) August 2006 (7) July 2006 (7) June 2006 (9) May 2006 (9) April 2006 (8) March 2006 (4) February 2006 (6) January 2006 (10) December 2005 (14) November 2005 (7) October 2005 (4) September 2005 (4) August 2005 (7) July 2005 (7) June 2005 (6) May 2005 (7) April 2005 (14) March 2005 (13) February 2005 (10) January 2005 (8) December 2004 (8) November 2004 (10) October 2004 (7) September 2004 (15) August 2004 (7) July 2004 (9) June 2004 (7) May 2004 (5) April 2004 (8) March 2004 (10) February 2004 (10) January 2004 (9) December 2003 (12) November 2003 (11) October 2003 (16) September 2003 (12) August 2003 (14) July 2003 (18) June 2003 (9) May 2003 (12) April 2003 (13) March 2003 (24) February 2003 (10) January 2003 (20) December 2002 (14) November 2002 (13) July 2002 (1)
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive a link to create a new password or recover a lost username.
There is no account associated with this email address. Please create an account or attempt to reset your password with a different email address.
Ratchet & Clank - Official Trailer HD Ratchet & Clank (2016) | Ratchet and Clank tells the story of two unlikely heroes as they struggle to stop a vile alien named Chairman Drek from destroying every planet in the Solana Galaxy. When the two stumble upon a dangerous weapon capable of destroying entire planets, they must join forces with a team of colorful heroes called The Galactic Rangers in order to save the galaxy. Along the way they'll learn about heroism, friendship, and the importance of discovering one's own identity.
Ratchet & Clank (2016) | Ratchet and Clank tells the story of two unlikely heroes as they struggle to stop a vile alien named Chairman Drek from destroying every planet in the Solana Galaxy. When the two stumble upon a dangerous weapon capable of destroying entire planets, they must join forces with a team of colorful heroes called The Galactic Rangers in order to save the galaxy. Along the way they'll learn about heroism, friendship, and the importance of discovering one's own identity.
Trailers.tv is the best website to find out the movies that are coming soon. Choose your favourite genre and watch all the videos in HD from your computer, tablet or smartphone.
One guaranteed way within order to ensure where it you will not get a new girl 's to look desperate. During the time many guys claim which unfortunately they are almost always aware of how discoloring desperation will be, a lot because of them really reek of desperation if ever they talk on the phone to a meaningful girl but also thus last up faltering. If the customer want to finally start attracting girls with ease and also stop attempting so desperate, read .
Here get several recommendations that can help that you start securing girls together with ease without having looking obsessive in all the way:
If you actively try to attract a woman that your business like, she will efficiently think the you are too ready to take her approval, and here would entirely be a fabulous bad thing. Ideally, should come up with your discussions flirty as well as , fun instead of looking for to make an impression her out of your words. If they do this, you will surely start generating girls as well as ease like you should seem varying from the actual rest because of the sites out now there are who are actually blatantly most effective after the new girl's sanction.
It doesn't matter and you are, Female Escort Jaipur you if never attain too much free point in time on our hands. Also if most people don't include work, allow it a single point to do items else suffering from your the time. If your don't have got work for the you aren't able to find a job, though, then yourself definitely have to experience something dealing with that. From way, if you have now too much free time, you would probably end up calling young females too almost always or just spending too much time suffering from them. So that it will make without a doubt you reduce this mishap, stay on the go as considerably as practical. In fact, the hectic that you'll are in addition to the the way more social the fact you, the most important easier this tool will be particularly for then you to get rid associated any desperation that will possibly still be more in your system from the legacy.
No matter much how lot you might like a huge girl, the person have to play tricky to get with the woman if you will want - start appealing girls complete with ease. The exact tricky part here is also actually vacationing in influence of each hard for get poker game. See, because you totally how well hard that will get actually works among girls together with the increased time shoppers spend by using girls throughout the ecstasy dating game, you'll might have in effect trouble working with things always on your finished. While these method absolutely works seeing as it do not make a person look anxious in almost any way, you really shouldn't overdo it, another option. Otherwise, girls and boys alike might entirely forget that most you much exist to be able to begin from.
It's unfortunate that some DUI, DWI, and OWI attorneys genuinely are a waste of greenbacks. Go to just about any driving uunder the influence forum or board will probably hear cries foul not only for the charges, specifically how ineffective males was.
How plenty of an impact should a dui attorney have? What of experience should give consideration to? What skills might your case the most? And how can you consider time and availability if you find a skilled and experienced attorney?
They're impact can be most great at cases where you feel abused. If the situation where you were charged along with a DUI Attorney Tucson and arrested seem wrong, you have a right to address the prices. For example, if the officer was added to you, operated the sobriety test incorrectly, or never read you your rights, in some cases all charges can be thrown out. Is that a big enough impact?
In cases where you for you to plead guilty, often the attorney defending you can also make a deal with the prosecution for an inferior charge. This happens all the time, especially in cases where you did not hurt anyone or endanger someone under age.
Experience one is the most than a resume in addition to strong notion. On paper, an experienced attorney needs for shown clear effectiveness in DUI times. This is not your public servant court-appointed lawyer Ought to someone who specializes in DUI law, and has specialized widespread beverages .. They need to prove they've impacted many other cases in similar emploi.
Skills can be the hardest to judge, but as it reaches to law, you'll see it in that they defend one. If you hire an attorney but feel their take into account defense is wrong, look to use a different . There is no rule saying you must stay with one attorney; in most cases, judges will allow changes in attorneys. Qualified attorney doesn't always win the case for you; some of these kinds of are lost causes. But at involving they should help lessen your consequences.
Lastly, defending a DUI, DWI, or OWI takes more than experience and skill. Presently there one other vital ingredient: time. There is only a certain amount. You can hire finest attorney in town, however if they are overbooked, if they've no time spend with you, when choose another company in the firm to represent you in court who has little to no experience, these are very clear problems.
Format QuotePublished on September 24, 2018 Categories Arts & Entertainment::CelebritiesTags Criminal Defense Tucson, DUI Attorney Tucson, DUI Lawyer Tucson
18 Chelsea Mews is a vibrant home decor brand, inspired by hope, and celebrating the bright side of life
The 18 Chelsea Mews home decor collection is refreshingly modern, and intentionally designed to inspire bold and colourful living. Our commitment to vibrant interiors inspires us to design functional home accessories, featuring sophisticated hues which allow effortless pairing and impeccable styling. Make your home your happy place; a space that truly delights your senses.
It may be Saturday, but it is a pivotal day in the presidential race. In the next few hours, we will learn the winners of the Nevada caucuses both on the Democratic and Republican side.
Then later tonight, Republican candidates will compete in South Carolina. It is all unfolding right now. You can watch it unfold with the best political team on television, including "YOUR MONEY's" Ali Velshi, he is out in Las Vegas and Christine Romans, and she is here at the CNN Elections Center.
In Nevada, on the Republican side, the voting is scheduled to be over about now. We are going to put the results of the caucuses up on the big wall and the bottom of your screen as soon as we get them. On the Democratic side, there are still two hours for caucus hours to pick whom they want to be the Democratic nominee.
Already, we are showing based on our entrance polls, our entrance polls showing this be could a very good day in Nevada for Mitt Romney, showing, as far as our entrance polls are concerned, a very, very strong turnout for Mitt Romney. Having said that, it is obvious that Mitt Romney spent a lot more time in Nevada than the other Republican presidential candidates. He and Ron Paul were very visible only these past few days in Nevada.
The other Republican presidential candidates have been spending almost all of their time this past week and the week before in South Carolina where the primary is happening even as we speak right now.
We have reporters covering all of this including our own Ali Velshi. He is in Las Vegas; we will go to him shortly. Candy Crowley, she is in Las Vegas as well watching all of this unfolds, a big day for Democrats and Republicans there. Juan Carlos Lopez from CNN, he is watching what is happening out in Nevada, the first state that has a large Latino, Hispanic presence. We are watching that for you as well.
We are not ignoring what's happening in South Carolina. Susan Malveaux is there for us in Charleston as is our own Dana Bash, they are watching this contest. The big day for the Republicans in South Carolina. For the Democrats, that will be next Saturday. We will watch that as well.
Ali, I want to go to you first because you have been there now for awhile. Give us a lay of the land as far as these caucuses are concerned. This is really the first state where the unions are playing a significant role for the Democrats in Nevada.
ALI VELSHI, CNN HOST: That's right, Wolf. That's why I am here on the strip at Las Vegas. I am at Caesar's Palace, which is one of nine locations where the Democrats will actually be caucusing. Now this is the first time this has happened. In the past, the caucuses in Nevada have been held later in the season. As a result, this he have not held the same influence in terms of the national contest that these ones do. Here, they are early. Secondly, there are special caucuses being held here on the strip for shift workers on the strip.
All you have to do if you are a Democrat is show up here and prove that you or at least swear that you started your shift already or are going to start within an hour of the caucus and you can partake in this. This is very helpful to workers here in the tourist areas. It is have he helpful to members of the Culinary Union which is the union to which most of the workers at the casinos be long. That is a union that is endorsed Barack Obama.
Now, Wolf, the issue here in Las Vegas is different than it is in other parts of the country. There has been a housing collapse, because of the speculative nature of people buying houses in the southwest, Las Vegas and Phoenix and places like that over the past few years. But other wise the economy, is doing better than you think.
While it has slowed down, the fact of the matter is there is there are a lot of other people coming in from parts of the world that are keeping these casinos and hotels busy. The unemployment rate is 5.4 percent; it is higher than the national average. Culinary workers I have been talking around here are telling me they are not feeling the pinch as much as you might think.
Occupancy rates at the hotels are lower. The economy is the number one issue for people in Nevada. Health care is another issue. A lot of these people are unionized. There are a lot of shift workers and non-unionized workers in Nevada. Health care becomes a major issue. As you touched on it in the beginning of the show, immigration is also an issue here. They want to hear the candidate's stances on the economics, their health care plan and immigration. That will be dominating Democratic voters, particularly, those, Wolf, who are voting on the strip today.
BLITZER: Ali, hold on for one second, I just want to alert out viewers, the Associated Press is now projecting that Mitt Romney will win the Republican caucuses in Nevada. They are doing this on the basis of the entrance polls, because we don't have official results yet. CNN is not yet ready to make that projection, because we are going to wait for some of the official numbers to come in before we go forward. Given the fact that these caucuses are a relatively new phenomenal out in Nevada, we are going to err on the side of caution.
The Associated Press is reporting that Mitt Romney will win the Nevada caucuses on the Republican side. He had made his presence felt in Nevada in recent days unlike the other major Republican presidential candidates. This is a state he wanted and even though the other Republicans are spending a lot more time in South Carolina. When it does the settles, Nevada will have more delegates at state than South Carolina. This will be an important win for Mitt Romney, if the Associated Press in fact turns out to be accurate.
We are going to get a little official results first. Then, we will move on. Candy Crowley is watching this on the Republican side and the Democratic side for us in Las Vegas. First of all, the AP's projection that Mitt Romney will win the Republican caucuses in Nevada, that is not much of a surprise given the fact that his presence has been a lot in that state?
CANDY CROWLEY, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT: It isn't, Wolf. There has been a lot of speculation as to why he would be here rather than South Carolina. The fact is that most people think that, obviously, he has less of a chance in South Carolina. Mitt Romney says, look, I made a play out here because there are more delegates.
As you know, these Republican candidates are going at this point delegate by delegate since the top tier has pretty much won a state, each of them. Romney says he came out here because of the delegate count. I will tell you that the people that I talked to around hearsay that there is also a not small Mormon contingent out here which may have helped Romney as well.
BLITZER: Candy, let's talk about the Democrats. Because for the Democrats this is a much more important contest in Nevada right now. The union involvement is significant. Every place elsewhere there are primaries and elections, what the union leaders decide to do may or may not have an impact on the average union rank and file worker.
It is much more difficult in Nevada for these union workers to go against their bosses, shall we say, because these are not secret ballots in Nevada. You have to publicly announce who you are supporting. If the Culinary Union is supporting Hillary Clinton -- excuse me -- Barack Obama, it is much more difficult for a worker to go against his union leadership and support Hillary Clinton or John Edwards. That complicates this matter for Edwards and Clinton.
CROWLEY: It absolutely does. The Clintons have been working very hard toward workers with the Culinary Union. Hillary Clinton, last night, made a public statement saying, well, we are hearing reports that there is pressure on union members to vote a certain way as she put it. She certainly hopes that people will still go even if they disagree with their union leadership.
The other question here is how many people will actually show up? As you know, there hasn't been a big turnout for Nevada caucuses in the past. That was before they got this spotlight. So there is some worry, both inside Culinary Union and other unions that members may not show up. So there has also been confusion about how it all works. So there is a lot of unknowns as we head into these caucuses.
BLITZER: Candy, we will be checking back with you periodically. As soon as we get some official results in from Nevada, we will share that with our viewers as well. I want to show our viewers some of the pictures we are getting, some of the images that are coming in right now. Take a look at this on the screen over here. These are primary voters getting ready to vote in South Carolina, the Republican contest today. They are voting right now all day in South Carolina. Next Saturday, the Democrats will hold their primary in South Carolina.
This is a caucus. It looks pretty empty right now for the Democrats because it hasn't really started yet. The Democrats start later in the day in Nevada after the Republicans. For the Republicans, it's basically a straw poll. You have a number and it is a lot simpler than it is for the Democrats who are basically using the Iowa rules and they will gather to their supporting and all of that.
We are going to continue our special coverage of all of this, what's happening in Nevada and South Carolina. John King and the best political team on television there standing by. We will take a quick break, much more of our coverage from the CNN Elections Center right after this.
BLITZER: I want to recap the Associated Press, now projecting the Mitt Romney, the former Republican governor of Massachusetts will win the Nevada caucuses. The Associated Press basing that on entrance polls strictly on entrance polls asking people questions as they go in for these Republican caucuses.
We at CNN are not ready to make that projection. We are going to wait for some official numbers to come into CNN before we go ahead and make a projection, given the fact that in the history of caucuses in Nevada, somewhat sketchy at least until now. We are going to err on the side of caution. But the AP saying that Mitt Romney will win the Nevada caucuses. And important win for him.
Let's go to John King and the best political team on television watching all of this. He was active in Nevada, John, and Mitt Romney. It seems to be paying off.
JOHN KING, CNN CHIEF NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: He made a strategic calculation Wolf, that this race is going to go on for some time and it will be about delegates, not about the traditional states if you will. Normally South Carolina seals the deal in competitive Republican primaries.
Mitt Romney has made the calculation because you had three winners in the big early states, Iowa, New Hampshire and Michigan. He has one of those wins in Michigan that this is about delegates, not about the traditional win the early contest and roll through the others. That is Mitt Romney's calculation. The results in South Carolina and then next week in Florida will prove whether or not he is right about how long this is going to go on.
It is an interesting calculation. Governor Romney at this moment, assuming he wins Nevada, will be in the lead when it comes to delegates. Does that matter? Let's bring in our friends on the best political team on television. Gloria, starting with you, it is a bit of a risk. Because in the south many are saying look this is the geographical face of the Republican Party. How can you be the Republican nominee if you won't compete if our base?
GLORIA BORGER, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Actually, he didn't show up there a lot. He certainly kept a lot of television ads there. He didn't quite pull out. I mean, I think everybody realizes every candidate realizes that this is a Republican Party right now that is so divided that you have to divide and conquer yourself as a candidate. You have to figure out where your support is and go for it and start counting those delegates, which is what Romney decided to do the night of the Michigan primary.
Don't forget also, in the state of Nevada, there is a large Mormon population. Romney took a look at this and said, 34 delegates, well, maybe it is more valuable to me than the 24 in South Carolina and there are lots of Mormons in Nevada who might vote and help me out.
KING: Let me jump in on that point. The Democrats have an argument over race. Is there a Republican divide over religion? Has Mitt Romney, he tried in South Carolina, he was there all summer trying to convince the Christian evangelicals, you may not understand my faith but I will answer your questions about it and look at my positions, I'm with you. He obviously did not make enough in roads. Is that because of Mike Huckabee's success or was there a wall because of his religion?
BILL BENNETT: There is no wall. There are divisions as there are among evangelical Christians. Mitt Romney won more in Michigan than did Mike Huckabee. Let's use Gloria's template, because that's interesting. There are not only divisions among Republicans but there are divisions inside each Republican. I was smiling, not because I disagreed but you were describing Romney's strategies, I am not going for the momentum states. I am going for the delegates. Wasn't this the guy who was going to win Iowa and New Hampshire?
BENNETT: It's a new ballgame. In some ways, necessity is the mother of invention. He has to go with this strategy. Now, it begins to look as if he might suggest or some people in the campaign might suggest a western strategy. Wyoming was too small. Wyoming and Nevada, you begin to look. The country is moving west and one can see it, but he has a lot of money. As he gets delegates, he lives to fight another day unlike some of the other guys we will talk about later.
KING: I want to share an opinion, as a Democrat watching the Republican race in South Carolina, the trend in the last several days, even though McCain who had the polls seemed to be going Huckabees way. Many say part of that was the confederate flag flap. Others say it is because he is authentic.
When he says things like, I want to get the constitution in line with god's word, a constitutional amendment banning abortion and same- sex marriage. He and other Republicans have squared those positions, but he talks about getting it in line with god's words. How does that play in the Democratic politics and how would it play if he were the nominee?
DONNA BRAZILE, CNN POLITICAL ANALYST: I think Mike Huckabee is John, is he is mixing traditional conservatism with economic populism. He is saying, I want to lift you up. I think the constitution should reflect your values but, at the same time, you need more money in your pocket. The people on Main Street are hurting.
So I think that is Huckabee's appeal. That's one of the reasons why Mitt Romney has had to abandon his 50 state strategy and cherry pick states where he can pick up delegates, rather than compete in all of the big states that will come before Super Tuesday.
JEFFREY TOOBIN, CNN LEGAL ANALYST: John, there is another point to keep in mind about South Carolina. 537,000 people voted in the primary in 2000 where George bush defeated John McCain. Let's see how many vote today. Republican turnout has been declining. This is a divided party in many respects. Michigan, it went down. New Hampshire, it went down. Iowa was up a little. Let's see if they can match the 537,000 of eight years ago.
BENNETT: Very possibly. I don't know what Huckabee does for money if he loses South Carolina or doesn't come in a strong second. McCain has a problem if he looses South Carolina. My guess is he goes on to Florida now because he is very close behind Giuliani. This is a very big state for Huckabee and McCain.
BORGER: Unless he has a very strong -- Thompson's campaign from day one was telling me, we have a South Carolina strategy and that is that we are going to win South Carolina. Now, they scaled that back a little bit. He has a very hard time continuing because he won't be able to raise the money. That will be good news for John McCain.
KING: A quick time out for now, a commercial break. Much more ahead. A very busy day in politics. The results of the Democratic and the Republican caucuses in Nevada and the South Carolina primary under way for the Republicans at this hour. Stay with us we will be back with more.
BLITZER: Welcome back. A big day for Democrats and Republicans in two states, South Carolina and Nevada. The Associated Press now projecting that Mitt Romney will win the Nevada Republican caucuses, capturing the delegates there. CNN is not ready to make that projection. The Associated Press doing that on the basis of entrance polls. We are awaiting for some official numbers to come in before we go forward with our projections. If the AP is correct a win for Mitt Romney in Nevada.
The Democrats are caucuses in Nevada right now. They will be closing their caucuses in the next few hours. We are watching all of this very, very closely. We are not for getting the Republican primary. There is voting underway in South Carolina right now. We will bring you all the results throughout the course of the day.
Ali Velshi is out in Las Vegas for us. Christine Romans is here at the CNN Elections Center, the co-host of "Your Money." Christine in South Carolina, let's talk a little bit about the economic issues that the people in South Carolina are facing that could motivate them, especially as we hear fears of recession.
CHRISTINE ROMANS, CNN HOST: That is absolutely right. Across the country, the number one issue around the kitchen table is the economy. Nowhere more than in South Carolina. They have lost 94,000 manufacturing jobs since 2001 those are people who don't want to hear these jobs aren't coming back. They want to hear what these candidates are going to do about it. Retraining, you hear this from McCain and others, about retraining and subsidized community college education and the like; they want to talk about trade policies and big issues that are affecting the state.
Everyone is talking about the stimulus package. What are the congressional Democrats and the White House going to agree on? When is there going to be a check in their mailbox, who is going to get it and how much is it going to be and is it going to help? The timing of that stimulus package will be interesting. If they can get a check out by this summer, how will that shape the race? Later on this year, if people are going to get a lot of cash in their mailbox, then maybe that will help the recession.
BLITZER: They are excellent questions that we don't have the answers to. People want the answers. Ali Velshi is looking at the situation in Nevada. Ali as you see what is happening out there, the housing industry has taken a huge hit. This is an area in the southwest of enormous population growth. That's one of the big problems in Nevada right now, especially in the suburbs of Las Vegas.
VELSHI: Christine and I have often talked about this. If you are feeling a recession in different parts of the country, it is often for very different reasons. If you are in Detroit or you are in the Carolinas or the Midwest, you are feeling it because of the loss of those manufacturing jobs. In the southwest, Wolf, it is different. It is about housing. These are the places where there is so much demand for housing, you could go nowhere in the southwestern area, the fringes of Las Vegas and not see these housing projects under construction.
There are two things going on there, one is the prices were going up, people were taking mortgages of a bigger proportion of the price of the home. The other thing is, when you keep on building homes, you create construction jobs. When you look at the unemployment rate in Nevada, you have 5.4 percent, higher than the national average of 5 percent. A lot of these construction jobs and related jobs were lost. When you look at potential economic downturn in Nevada, it is not manufacturing jobs that were lost, it is people suffering because they lost value in their homes, and in many cases those homes are being foreclosed.
This state has the highest foreclosure rate in the nation; about 1 in 152 homes is under foreclosure right now. So a very different economic situation here. The other thing if there is a national recession, if there is a recession in other parts of the country, people don't spend as much which means they don't take those vacations to Las Vegas. We are seeing that hotel occupancy is going down a little bit here.
One builder of a major, several billion dollar construction site has been named in default of their loan payments earlier this week. There are several multi-billion dollar things being built on the strip. Who knows whether they will be getting completed? There are economic concerns in Nevada which reflect economic concerns in the southwest because of that building boom we saw here for so long, that building boom is coming just about to a halt.
BLITZER: Christine, we know the housing issue, the mortgage problems, the candidates are responding. Hillary Clinton the other day putting out this proposal for a 90-day moratorium on foreclosures. If she had her way, putting a five-year freeze on mortgage rates for these people who could be in trouble right now. A dramatic proposal designed to appeal to the people in trouble.
ROMANS: You need some kind of moratorium. The experts say you have to figure out who is really in danger because they got pushed into a mortgage they could never afford. Who was playing the system or gaming the system or trying to put homes or buy the second or third home with no money down? You have to sort that out and figure out who you are going to help and who needs to maybe lose a property because of risky behavior.
Also, even if you are not -- even if you don't have a mortgage, you own your home outright, if somebody has a foreclosure down the street; it is going to hurt everybody, tax revenue in different towns. This is something that is going to continue to play out. A lot of folks say the worst is not over yet.
BLITZER: Stand by, guys. I want to go to Bill Schneider, our senior political analyst. He has some of the results from the entrance polls we have been doing out in Nevada. On the economic issues, these results are pretty interesting.
WILLIAM SCHNEIDER, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: They are indeed. The economy was the number one issue among Republican caucus goers in Nevada, 38 percent cited the economy as their top issue, followed closely by illegal immigration, the economy 38 percent, illegal immigration, 34. Terrorism in Iraq were considerably lower.
Among the voters who cited the economy as their top issue, how did they vote? They voted for Mitt Romney, a former business executive, 47 percent. Second place was Ron Paul. Third, John McCain. Romney is a turnaround artist. He has turned around companies in the past and a lot of voters believe he can help turn around the economy.
Another factor in the Romney issue besides the economy, a lot of Mormon's in Nevada, in fact 25 percent of the voters in today's Republican causes were of the Mormon faith. How did they vote? Look at this board, they voted 94 percent, almost unanimously, for their fellow Mormon, Mitt Romney. So the Mormon vote was very important to his victory. Did he win wholly because of the Mormon vote? No. It wasn't only Mormons. That quarter of the Republican caucus goers who were Mormons clearly provided him with a clear base and a key voting block. BLITZER: I know you will be going through these other entrance poll numbers as well. Remember, these are caucuses in Nevada as a result. We don't have exit polls which we normally do in primaries and elections. These are entrance polls. We ask people information as they go into caucuses.
We are starting to get some real numbers in from Nevada on the Republican side. We are going to share those numbers with you, just recapping the Associated Press. Projecting Mitt Romney will win the Republican caucuses in Nevada. We will check the other headlines of the day. Lots more coming up from the CNN Elections Center.
Here are the top stories right now. Snow, sleet and rain falling across northern Georgia. Forecasters warn highways could ice up, people are urged to stay off the roads. Hundreds of flights have been canceled in Atlanta at the airport. The FAA reports some flights are delayed more than four hours.
Take a look at this store surveillance video. See that man circled to the left. Authorities say that is fugitive Marine Cesar Laurean, he is wanted for killing the pregnant marine. They say he could be buying supplies used to cover up the murder in this video.
In Spain, 14 people are under arrest suspected of plotting an Islamic terrorist attack. They say they were in the process of gathering bomb-making materials. CNN's special election coverage continues right after this.
We are following two states, Nevada and South Carolina. First to Nevada, the Associated Press projecting the former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney will win the Republican caucuses in Nevada. CNN is not yet ready to make that projection. The AP making the projection on the basis of entrance polls. We are only now beginning to get some very, very early numbers from the Republican caucuses.
If you take a look, with less than one percent of the precincts reporting, Mitt Romney, with 46 percent, John McCain Ron Paul, both with 15 percent, Fred Thompson with 10 percent. You can see, these are tiny, tiny numbers, 120 votes for Mitt Romney, 40 for McCain, 39 for Ron Paul. Once again, we are going to wait at CNN before we make our projection. It could be soon. We will err on the side of caution. Once again, the AP projecting that Mitt Romney will carry the Nevada caucuses. Ali Velshi and Christine Romans are here from "YOUR MONEY," Ali you are out there in Las Vegas right now. The economic issues like in so many other parts of the country, or should I say all of the countries are upper most on the minds of voters. Bill Schneider just reporting. You have been there a few days. Give us a little feeling of how it is playing.
VELSHI: Well, you know, the economic issues here are a bit of a challenge. They are different from what they are in different parts of the country. They are two major issues affecting Americans, on one side; you got those states like South Carolina, like Ohio and Michigan, places like that where manufacturing jobs have been lost because they have gone overseas.
Then, you have states like Nevada, and Arizona, Florida, California, where people bid up the prices of houses, there was so much development going on and so much speculation, as the housing boom started to collapse, you saw it around here first. You have more foreclosures in Nevada than you have in any other state. You have other issues as well. You have a lot of service workers here. Which is why I'm here on the Las Vegas strip, for the first time ever there are going to be nine caucuses at casinos here on the strip.
I'm at Caesars but nine of the big casinos here have caucuses. Democrats are now arriving to vote at those caucuses for whom they think is going to be their best bet. The Culinary Workers Union, which represents most of the unionized workers here on the strip, has put their support behind Barack Obama. There are a number of people who feel they don't want to vote the way their union bosses tell them to vote. Because it is a primary, because it is a caucus, not a primary, it is not a private vote. It's a meeting in a room.
We will have to see where that goes much the importance of that caucus is that it's come earlier in the session, in the season, than they have in the past in Nevada. They will have some influence. One of the other things that Bill Schneider just talked about, Mitt Romney being reported by AP as the winner of the Republican caucuses. The issue is if you are looking for someone who is a turnaround guy, is Mitt Romney your guy.
Well let's just look at his background. He in 1990 was appointed a CEO of a company that consults with other companies to turn them around. He did very well there; he restructured a whole lot of things with that company. He ended up turning that company from the verge of bankruptcy into profitability. Then, in 1999, Wolf, he took over the head of the Salt Lake City Olympics. That was another scandal and crises-plagued organization. Within a year, he had turned that around and created $100 million profit.
So, whatever you think of the rest of his policies, he has a resume that says he is able to turn around financial and business matters. That may have helped in a state where the issues of the economy are foremost in the minds of voters.
BLITZER: All right. Ali, stand by. Christine Romans is here as well. Christine, it is fascinating when we heard Bill Schneider tell us about the entrance poll results, what issues were most of the minds of these voters in Nevada where the economy, close behind illegal immigration and way, way behind, the war in Iraq and the war on terrorism, which has clearly receded right now. The economy and immigration in a state like Nevada dominating the minds of voters right now.
ROMANS: For Republicans at least at this point. And you are right no matter what state you are in, foreclosures are a big deal. You are talking about high gas prices everywhere, $100 oil just a couple of weeks ago. People are talking about this. People know that their gas prices are up some 30 percent last year. They are having trouble paying their winter bills, 47 million still uninsured.
Even the big banks here in New York, $100 billion in write-downs. That's impossible to imagine. They have had to go overseas for $35 billion in bailouts. There is a real feeling that all different parts of the economy are coming unraveled. People are reflecting that in the polls.
BLITZER: I know you have profiled one individual to give us a sense of the mood out there. Tell us about what you have learned.
ROMANS: Amidst all this agility (ph) about the economy, high gas prices, all these things. We profiled a guy who never made more than $11 an hour and became a millionaire. You will be surprised at what he did with that money.
ROMANS (voice over): Paul Navone stands in stark contrast to a culture of consumerism that has left many Americans swamped with debt. What advice does he have for hourly workers looking to scrape together a few million of their own?
NAVONE: Number one, wisely invest it. Some people make the mistake, I think, a lot of people do, thinking that they will get into the market and make a killing, you know. That's the wrong attitude from the get-go. If you have been there with a solid common sense approach to it, you know, you will come out ahead.
ROMANS: Instead of living in luxury, the retired mill worker chose to give away millions. $1 million to a college near his home and another million to a local private high school.
NAVONE: I never denied myself anything. But, at the same time, I was frugal and I didn't waste my money.
ROMANS: What Navone chooses not to do makes him even more fascinating. He says he does not own a phone, has never read a book and buys all his clothes from thrift shops. The last time he watched television. NAVONE: Was Neil Armstrong making the moon landing.
ROMANS: We hope he isn't watching right now. If we get a check in the summer, maybe we would think about somebody like Paul Navone when you are deciding how to spend it. Spending is good for the economy; saving it might be a good thing for a lot of families who are having a little trouble right now.
BLITZER: He is truly an amazing guy. He is just a great guy working hard. Thanks for bringing us that story. We are going to continue our coverage for the elections. The numbers are beginning to come in from the Nevada caucuses. We are going to update you on precisely what we know. We will go from Nevada to South Carolina. Lots of political news unfolding on this important Saturday.
BLITZER: Welcome back to the CNN Election Center. The Associated Press projecting Mitt Romney will win the Republican caucuses in Nevada. We are reluctant to do that so far at CNN, because we are waiting for some real numbers to come in, not just based on the entrance polls.
Some numbers are trickling in. Right now less than 1 percent of the numbers have come in. Mitt Romney with 46 percent, Ron Paul 14 percent, John McCain, 14, and Fred Thompson 13. These are really, really tiny numbers coming insofar. We will wait to get some more numbers.
The Democratic caucuses in Nevada, they closed their doors for their caucuses at 3:00 p.m. Eastern, which is noon Pacific, about an hour and 15 minutes or so from now. It is empty in their caucus rooms. In fact, if you want to take a look at one in Caesar's Palace right now on the strip in Las Vegas, you see some people beginning to show up.
That's not your everyday caucus room. They agreed there would be these sites that would unable some of the Culinary Union workers to show up as well, those who have to work on a Saturday, went to the courts and decided this was an important idea to let these people who have to work on a Saturday to go ahead and vote on site at these casinos.
South Carolina, they are voting on the Republican side right now, the Republican primaries going on today. The Democratic primary in South Carolina next Saturday. They will be closing their polls in South Carolina. Here are some live pictures coming in to the CNN Election Center from South Carolina right now. The Democrats will be voting as I said next Saturday.
The Republicans have until 7:00 p.m. Eastern to vote in South Carolina. They will be voting there. The voting will stop. We see what's happening on the Republican side. All of this very important in the process to help select the nominees for the Democratic and Republican Parties.
Let's go to John King who is analyzing this with the best political team on television. We were saying earlier in Nevada on the Republican side, it is the economy and illegal immigration. I suppose for Republicans and a lot of Democrats, those are the key issues right now, clearly taking away from the war on terror and the war in Iraq.
KING: I was in South Carolina yesterday. Fascinating to watch all the Republican candidates pivot quickly to respond to the president's stimulus plan, generally supportive of it. Listening to Fred Thompson and John McCain, worried about too much government spending.
Bill, you have a Republican president eight years in office. History says, generally, not always, the other party usually wins that anyway. Now, you have an economy that is teetering at or near or in recession. If you are a Republican strategist in the room now, how are you trying to box your way out of this? The trends are against you.
BENNETT: First, count all the trends. I don't have to repeat them here about fundraising and registration and enthusiasm. Confusion. Their confusion is better. It's just two candidates they are undecided about. We still have four or five. Clearly, looking at the issues as well, the economy, we are moving toward immigration getting center stage very soon. It matters in South Carolina. It matters in Nevada, Florida. It matters huge, big-time.
Remember, on the war on terror in Iraq, one of the reasons it is not at the top, things are going better. That will accrue, I think, to some extent to the Republicans advantage. It is a balancing factor, so it is not on the top for the Republicans.
BORGER: But ironically, it may not work as well for John McCain. It is so interesting. It was his key issues. The war in Iraq. I was for the surge before President Bush was for the surge. It worked. Now, the train is shifting to the economic terrain, which is not John McCain's strong suit. His key campaign issue may get to the bottom of the list. An issue he is not as strong on may go to the top.
TOOBIN: I would like to dissent a little from sort of the poll analysis of the race. If you talk to actual human beings about John McCain, what they like about him is John McCain, not his stand on this or that issue. I think he is a person with an extraordinary life story, the years as a POW, a persona that was an outsider for a while, although that is less true than it used to be. I think that's really what he is running on more than any stand on any issue.
TOOBIN: I am not saying it is going to work. I am not saying it is going to work. It is what he is about.
KING: There is a huge question for John McCain which is can he win among Republicans? He wins in states where Democrats and independents can jump in. South Carolina is about as conservative as a state comes. Not all cultural conservatives. There are different wings of the conservatives.
BENNETT: It would be very good for him if he wins in South Carolina. I think it would be largely because of the reasons you said.
KING: The president of the United States who has been largely ignored by the candidates in his own party, talked about only by the Democrats who like to kick him. He is relevant at the moment because how he handles this economic argument in the country right now will affect the political dynamic for the next several weeks, if not longer.
We don't know what the economy will look like when we get to the general election. As voters are looking at this right now, George W. Bush says, I will sit down with Harry Reed and Nancy Pelosi. What's the challenge for the Democrats?
BRAZILE: The challenge of course is for the Democrats to talk about these issues and to continue to raise them to contrast with Republicans. They controlled the Congress for eight years with the president. They ran up the deficit and they didn't take care of jobs for the middle class.
So what Democrats are doing right now is talking about record home foreclosures and what the party can do to the American people no class, not just their future but also a future where the country will put jobs and the economy back on track. So I think this is a key moment for Democrats to build a contrast with Republicans before they try to pivot immigration and other issues that Democrats are not less comfortable to discuss.
KING: How do you handle this if you are a Republican candidate? You don't want to be seen as insensitive. People are hurting right now. You want to be seen as let's do something. Let's use the government to help people. We are conservative. You heard John McCain, give tax rebates but cut the spending, pay for them with spending cuts. Don't look liberal on spending. If you are going to be a general election candidate, you need to appeal to a broader base.
BORGER: Let's take a look at the Mitt Romney pivot. That is sort of a key one and he did it in the state of Michigan and it worked very well. You turn and say, I feel your pain. This is one of those moments when a candidate can really either connect with what the American people are thinking and feeling or not connect. Romney decided, I am going to feel your pain. I am going to connect with you. I am going to tell you your jobs are not going to disappear in the state of Michigan and you are going to be my job, number one.
TOOBIN: It is worth noting that when we talk about the stimulus package, that illusive thing, bipartisan ship, does seem to be happening now. There are differences in how much and who gets it. It does look like the Democrats and Republicans are actually going to agree on something in Washington. I don't know who that represents.
KING: They will sit down and try to agree. We need to get in a quick break. I am fascinated by this issue. Particularly on the stimulus plan, Romney is bigger than the president. We will talk about that later. With a quick break, a busy day ahead. The results starting to come in from Nevada on the Republican side, the Democrats in Nevada beginning to vote. In South Carolina Republicans also casting votes today and what could be a pivotally presidential primary.
BLITZER: Welcome back to the CNN Election Center. We are going to go right back out to Nevada right now because we are watching one or two reasons why Nevada was selected by the Democratic Party for the caucuses to move up their caucuses, give them more prominent after Iowa and New Hampshire. One reason being the unions, the union president in Nevada much more significant than Iowa or New Hampshire. Another major reason the Hispanic presence, a significant Hispanic population in Nevada right now unlike Iowa or New Hampshire.
Juan Carlos Lopez from our sister network CNN Espanol is out in Las Vegas right now. A significant percentage of the Democratic voters in Nevada Hispanic and they could play a key role, there is antidotal evidence Juan Carlos directly from speaking to people out there that they like Hillary Clinton. But give us your lay of the land, what you are seeing right now.
JUAN CARLOS LOPEZ, CNN ESPANOL: Well that is what they have been saying and that is what the polls say, about 60 percent of Hispanics support Hillary Clinton, she is a known name. But an interesting factor Bill Richardson was the only Hispanic in the race and he received very little support from the Hispanics because they weren't aware that he was a Latino.
Hillary Clinton has the support and it has been a big issue in Nevada with the support of the Culinary Union to Barack Obama, and people saying well nobody asked me if I wanted the union to go for Obama. I like Hillary and that is something we are probably going see in those caucuses in the casinos when people go and some may not take part just because they are going to have support a candidate that they don't like, others might follow the unions for (ph) and proceed when it is over if Obama gets the Hispanic vote or not.
BLITZER: Exactly one hour from now, they are scheduled to close the doors at the Democratic caucuses. Juan Carlos in Nevada.
Mental Health Assessment of Adults - Health professionals spend a lot of their time assessing people. Traditionally, formal assessment has permitted the health professional to identify or diag...
Preview Married to Medicine Dr. Heavenly and Mariah Huq's Shocking Showdown S6/Ep10: Glasses are broken and insults are thrown when Heavenly and Mariah get into an argument over Quad. Watch Video 6 days ago
1 PROSPECTUS The Study Centres are also being permitted to sell Prospectus of the Directorate to prospective applicants on payment of the prescribed price of Rs. 350/- (Rupees three hundred fifty) only in the shape of Bank draft issued from any Nationalized Bank in favour of Director, Directorate of Distance Education, M.U., Bodh-Gaya payable at Badh-Gaya or through money receipt. ADMISSION FORM & FEE The Admission & Enrolment Form duly supported by the attested photo copies of the following documents must reach to : The Director Directorate of Distance Education Magadh University, Bodh-Gaya (Bihar) PIN on or before the last date for submission of the admission form either by the candidate in person or by registered post. Admission form can also be submitted at the Study Centres before the due date of submission. 1. Attested copy of the Marks-sheet of the qualifying examination. 2. Attested copy of the Matriculation Certificate for the proof of age. 3. Attested copy of the Caste Certificate, issued by the competent authority (DM/DC/SDO) or any other authorised officer in respect of SC/ST/BC/OBC candidates, seeking admission on reserved quota. 4. Experience certificate if required. SELECTION OF CANDIDATES FOR ADMISSION a) Selection of candidates shall be made strictly as per rules of the University/ Directorate. b) In all the admission, the reservation policy of the State Govt. of Bihar (for educational institutions) and the University rules will be observed. c) If necessary, the Directorate may hold pre-admission test for selection of candidate. d) No candidate can claim as matter of right. e) Selected candidates will be informed about their selection through Website or by notice board in the Directorate office/study centres. f) The candidate will have to produce the selection letter and all the original documents as mentioned above, along with the Bank Draft of the amount prescribed as fee for the course before he/she can be admitted. The demand draft issued from any Nationalized Bank only must be drawn in favour of Director, DDE, M.U. Bodh- Gaya payable at Bodh-Gaya. Cash payment will not be accepted except in special circumstances through money receipt. g) After admission, each candidate will be given an Enrolment number. He must quote the Enrolment number and course name in all future correspondence with the Directorate / Study Centre. Any letter, which does not bear the Enrolment number will not be entertained.
2 h) Candidate must contact the Director, DDE, M.U. Bodh-Gaya to find out the status of his/her request for admission, if needed during office hour only. i) The University reserves the right to amend the schedule, rules, course structure and fee structure as and when it seems necessary. PLEASE ENSURE THAT : that you have read and understood all the information given in the Prospectus. that you have completed and submitted the form and have filled up the form as per given instructions. Incomplete application forms shall not be entertained. that you have enclosed attested copies of all certificates and documents as required. After verification if it is found that the certificates and documents submitted by the candidate are fake, his/her admission shall be cancelled and fee deposited will be forfeited and suitable legal action may be initiated against the candidate. You have indicated your correct STD code and phone No./Mobile No. You have mentioned your correct address. The Prospectus once sold, cannot be returned in any circumstances as it is non-refundable. REGISTRATION All candidates enrolled for any course under DDE must get themselves registered with the Directorate. Candidate shall not be allowed to appear in the examination without registration. IDENTITY CARD All students admitted to different course of the Directorate will get Identity Card on prescribed fee of Rs. 50/-, which shall remain valid till completion of the course. IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS WHILE APPLYING FOR ADMISSION In no case original documents be sent along with the admission form; only attested copies of the documents should be enclosed. However, at the time of admission the following documents will be required in original, along with their attested photo copy for verification. Original documents except CLC will be returned to the candidate immediately after verification and comparison. One self-addressed envelope of size 10" 5" each alongwith one ticket size colour photographs of the candidate be attached. The candidate selected for admission must pay the required charges in full at the time of admission itself, and fill all other form and documents as required by the Directorate. There is no provision of exemption of course fee & other charges for any category of candidates. On the reverse side of the Demand Draft, the candidate must write his/her name, admission form no. and the name of the course applied for.
3 Candidates are advised to retain photo copy of the Demand Draft for their personal use and record. No refund of course fee & other charges is allowed for any reason and in any case. Ensure the correctness of your Mailing address, Pin code, , Telephone/Mobile No. DDE, M.U. will not accept any responsibility for any postal delay/irregularity or loss in postal transit. It is the responsibility of the candidates to ascertain whether they possess the requisite qualification for admission. Having been called for the written test/counselling does not necessarily mean acceptance of the eligibility. Admission to various programmes will however be subject to verification of facts from the original certificates/documents of the candidates. In case any discrepancy should arise, even at a later point of time after admission, the university reserves all right to cancel the candidate s admission and this decision shall be final. CHANGE OF ADDRESS Any change in the address of the candidate enrolled must be communicated to the Directorate immediately. STUDENT SUPPORT SERVICE In order to provide support to its learners, the Directorate at present has established six study centres headed by the co-ordinator incharge. At the study centres the learners interact with the Academic Counsellors and other learners, refer to books in the Library, watch / listen to audio / video cassettes and interact with the co-ordinator on administrative and academic matters. The list of study centres with centre code is given below : Study Centre Code Name of Study Centres 01 Gaya College, Gaya 02 J. D. Women s College, Patna 03 A. N. College, Patna 04 Nalanda College, Biharsharif. 05 S. Sinha College, Aurangabad 06 Sri Arvind Mahila College, Patna Counselling/Contact classes of students after admission shall normally be done at their specified study centre allotted by the Directorate. However, in case of inadequate counselling facility in some particular course(s), the counselling may be provided at other Study Centres to be named by the Directorate and to be communicated to students accordingly. The candidate will be required to attend atleast 75% of their counselling sessions at the designated counselling centres, otherwise they will not be permitted to appear in the final examination. Programme Delivery The methodology of instruction in these programmes is different from that of face-to-face mode. The distance mode learning system is more learner - oriented and the learner is an active participant in the teaching-learning process. Most of the instructions are imparted through distance education methodology rather than face-to-face communication. The Directorate follows a multimedia approach for instruction.
4 (a) Self Instructional Material : The printed study material in English (written in selfinstructional style) for theory and practical components of the programmes will be supplied to the learners in batches of blocks for every course. A block which comes in the form of of a booklet usually comprises 3 to 5 units. In some courses where study materials are not available they will be given some reference books in place of SIM Students enrolled with DDE will preferably get the study material in the form of self-learning material (SLM) and assignment either directly from DDE, Magadh University headquarter or from Study Centres as the case may be. At present the self-learning material will be supplied in Hindi language only. The students are advised to consult their faculty at the centre and refer to text books and reference books available in the market or libraries. (b) Audio-Visual Material Aids : The learning package contains audio and video cassettes for better clarification and enhancement of understanding of the course material given to the learner. A video programme is normally of minutes duration. The Audio Tape are run and Video Cassettes are screened at the study centres during specific sessions which are duly notified for the benefit of the learners. (c) Students are advised to consult their study centres throughout the sessions and always be in touch with the DDE headquarter/ DDE website for day to day information, otherwise they can miss even the most important informations, date, communiqué and which can spoil their correct. The Directorate will not be responsible for such deed. No individual informations will be sent to any students. (d) Counselling Sessions : Normally counselling sessions are held as per schedule drawn by the Study Centres, mostly held during the non-working hours of the host institutions where the study centres are located. (e) Practical/Project Work : B.LIS Programme have practical / project components also. Practical are held at designated institutions for which time schedule will be provided by the Study Centres. Attendance at practical is compulsory. Keeping in view the flexibility as regards choice of time for study, one way is to skip practical during a year but for doing it in a subsequent year or in order to have a repeat exercise, additional fee determined by the university has to be paid. For project work, Study Centres will provide the necessary guidance but the learner will have to manage his / her own resources. The evaluation of learners mainly depend upon various instructional activities undertaken by them. A learner has to write assignment responses compulsorily before taking term-end examination from time to time to complete the academic programme. EXAMINATIONS 1. As far as possible, year end examination will be started before the end of the session and result will be declared approximately within 45 days after the completion of examinations. 2. For any delay due to any unavoidable reason, candidates have to bear with University for the delay and no representation or claim will be entertained on account of this. 3. Please note that all examinations are to be conducted by Magadh University under its control and supervision. Dispute, if any
5 1. In case of any dispute, the decision of the Vice Chancellor or statutory bodies of Magadh University shall be final & binding on all parties. 2. For any matter the legal jurisdiction shall lie in Gaya court and / or Patna High Court only. COURSE STRUCTURE Master of Business Administration The duration of MBA programme under Distance Education Mode shall cover a period of two academic years. Each academic year shall be divided into two semester. The programme (all the six semesters) can thus be completed in six semester a minimum of two years excluding internship of maximum one year. The programme shall be based on Semester structure. The completion of Semester-I & Semester-II shall lead to the award of a Diploma in Business Adminsitration (DBA), completion of Semester III & Semester- IV shall lead to an Advanced Diploma in Business Administration (ADBA) respectively. The completion of all six semesters shall lead to the Master Degree in Business Administration (MBA). The first two semesters taken together, consist of eight foundation papers. The third and fourth semester each provides deeper study in management. The fifth and six semesters are designed for specialization. Besides the course work, during the final semester students will have to submit a project work related to their interest/specialization. SEMESTER - I Paper Course Content Distribution of Marks Theory Assign. TOTAL MBA-01 Management Process & Behaviour MBA-02 Financial & Management Accounting MBA-03 Managerial Economics MBA-04 Business Mathematics SEMESTER - II MBA-05 Organizational Behaviour MBA-06 Management Information System MBA-07 Legal Environment of Business MBA-08 Project Management SEMESTER - III MBA-09 Human Resource Management MBA-10 Marketing Research & Consumer Behaviour MBA-11 Tourism Management MBA-12 Business Policy & Strategic Management
CERTIFICATE PROGRAMS IN LOGISTICS / SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT PROSPECTUS 1 ABOUT CII INSTITUTE OF LOGISTICS CII Institute of Logistics (CIL) has been established by the Confederation of Indian Industry as
Madurai Kamaraj University (University with Potential for Excellence) Re-accredited by NAAC with A Grade in the 3 rd Cycle Admission Notification-2015-2016 (No.R.11 /MKU/ADC/2015-2016) Prospectus and Application
Institute of Advanced Studies in Education (IASE) Deemed University Sardarshahr- 331401,Rajasthan, India. UGC, DEC, AIU, Approved University ENGINEERING STREAM Programme with Code Duration (in years) Eligibility
1. Categories of Ph.Ds offered 1 The University offers Ph.D (minimum duration is 3 years) programmes in the following categories of disciplines Mathematics / Physical Sciences / English o Ph.D (Full time
(NLSD) ADMISSION NOTICE: 2008-2009 National Law School of Delhi, established in 2008 by Act 1 of 2008 of National Capital Territory of Delhi is another premier Law University joining the band of premier
Eligibility Educational Qualification. Recognized Degree in Electrical Engg. OR Electrical & Electronics Engg.
HEAVY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED Advertisement No. RT/25/2015 Dated 03.12.2015 For the Post of SENIOR MANAGER - HR HEC was established in the year 1958 as one of the largest Integrated Engineering
Department of Electronics and Electrical Engineering Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati Guwahati - 781039
HEAVY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED Advertisement No. RT/01/2016 dated 01.02.2016 For the post of various Middle Level Officers HEC was established in the year 1958 as one of the largest Integrated Engineering
Information Brochure: Admission to Super Specialty courses under the Management Quota for the Academic year 2015-16 Narayana Medical College, Nellore Rules and Regulations for Super Specialty Programs
G. H. Raisoni College of Engineering, Nagpur (An Autonomous Institute by UGC Act & Affiliated to R T M. Nagpur University) Admission Notification for 2014-15 Admission to MBA First Year Applications are
PROSPECTUS 2013-2014 M.G.R. Government Film and Television Institute is one of the Premier Film Institutes in India functioning under the Department of Information and Public Relations. The Diplomas are
The candidate must be an Indian National. Maximum numbers of seats are 4 (General- 03, Other backwards class - 01) as per university guidelines
K.G. Medical University U.P., Lucknow M.Phil (Clinical Psychology) Course Entrance Examination -2013-14 For admission to M.Phil (Clinical Psychology) courses in K.G. Medical University U.P., Lucknow Information
DETAILS OF MINIMUM ELIGIBILITY AND OTHER INFMATION Minimum Qualifications for direct requirement to the post of Professor, Associate Professor, Assistant Professor Qualifications for TEACHING POSTS will
RASHTRASANT TUKADOJI MAHARAJ NAGPUR UNIVERSITY -: EMPLOYMENT NOTICE :- No. GA/12/1244 Dated : 24 th March, 2012 Applications are invited in the prescribed form from the eligible candidates for the following
1 Advt.No. 2/2015 Airports Authority of India invites applications from willing and eligible candidates to apply ON-LINE through AAI s website www.aai.aero for the following posts (NO APPLICATION THROUGH
CHETANA COLLEGE OF SPECIAL EDUCATION 1. Introduction Jewels International has established Chetana College of Special Education. The main objective of the college is to undertake manpower development and
DIRECTORATE OF DISTANCE EDUCATION UNIVERSITY OF KASHMIR, SRINAGAR Notification for Admission to B.Ed/M.Ed and DPPTT Programmes, Session 2012. Application forms to be submitted online are invited from the
University of Mumbai Re-accredited with A Grade by NAAC Mumbai University Common Law Entrance Test (MUCLET) for admissions to Integrated Five Years Management & Law Degree Programme B.B.A.LL.B. (Hons.)
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Programme in Education The Doctoral Programme in Education aims to develop an understanding of research, public policy and educational practice, and the relationships among them.
VACANCIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE/ MINISTERIAL SECTOR Advt. No. 02/2014-15 IIT (BHU), Varanasi, established in 2012 under an Act of Parliament, is an Institute of national importance for higher learning in the
Session: 2014-2015 Diploma In Health Promotion (Approved by Distance Education Council) National Institute of Health and Family Welfare Munirka, New Delhi -110067. i DATES TO REMEMBER DATES TO REMEMBER
ensure adoption of Best Practices in Logistics and SCM through online and offline activities CII Institute of Logistics (A CII Center of Excellence) Certificate Programs in Supply Chain About CII Institute
HEAVY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED Advertisement No. RT/31/2015 dated 24.12.2015 For Induction of Graduate Engineers / qualified Professionals as Management Trainees HEC Ltd, established in the year
Central University of Rajasthan Programme of Study and Eligibility Requirements for Foreign nationals seeking admission
Central University of Rajasthan Programme of Study and Eligibility Requirements for Foreign nationals seeking admission Applications of Foreign Nationals nominated by the Govt. of India under scholarship
Online applications are invited for the following permanent posts of Non-Teaching Staff in the pay scale mentioned below with usual allowance permissible under the University rules. The fee for each application
Directorate of Medical Education Madhya Pradesh No. 1973/PG/4/DME/13 Date 26/06/2013 Counseling for admission to P.G. Courses (MD/MS/Diploma/MDS) for session 2013-14 in Government/Private Medical/Dental
On successful submission of the on-line application an Acknowledgement Number will be generated and the same should quoted in all future references.
Govt. of Bihar Department Of Health & Family Welfare. State Health Society, Bihar Pariwar Kalyan Bhawan, Sheikhpura, Patna-14
Information Regarding Eligibility and Submission of Eligibility Application Forms in Respect of Various Programmes of the University
Information Regarding Eligibility and Submission of Eligibility Application Forms in Respect of Various Programmes of the University Eligibility Certificate is the first document, which enables the students
Qualifications: Bachelor Degree in Psychology/Biology and a Master Degree in Behavioral Science Education from Georgia Southwestern College. She completed her Specialist in Curriculum and Instruction, Education Leadership, and Doctor of Education from Valdosta State University and Argosy University. Taught students in grades seven through twelve at Taylor County High School (2.5 yrs.), Deerfield Windsor Academy (10 yrs.), and Appling County Middle School (18 yrs.). Assistant Principal and Instructional Supervisor at Appling County High School for 3 years and Principal of Altamaha Elementary School for 6 years.
Approved for: Pre-kindergartens, Kindergartens, Elementary Schools, Junior High/Middle Schools, High Schools, Educational Agencies With Special Purposes, and Non-Traditional Educational Centers
Qualifications: Doctorate Degree in Educational Leadership from University of Georgia with further studies at Hampton Institute and Mercer University; 37 years of public school experience as a history and math teacher, P.E.C.E. Coordinator, assistant principal, principal, assistant superintendent of schools and superintendent of schools. In addition, Dr. Bembry has also served as Adjunct Professor of Administration & Supervision at Albany State University and Adjunct Professor of Mathematics at Middle Georgia College.
Approved for: Pre-kindergartens, Kindergartens, Elementary Schools, Junior High/Middle Schools, High Schools, Educational Agencies With Special Purposes, and Non-Traditional Educational Centers.
Qualifications; BS and MEd degrees from the University of Georgia; 50 years of experience in independent schools, including positions in teaching, coaching, principal, assistant headmaster during his 20 years at Pace Academy and headmaster for 30 years of Athens Academy. He has served as President of the Georgia Independent School Association; member of the Executive Committee and Board of Trustees of the Georgia High School Association; member of the Executive Council and the Independent School Representative on the State of Georgia Committee of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools; member of the Board of Trustees and Chairman of the Accreditation Committee of the Southern Association of Independent Schools; member of the Board of Directors and member of the Commission for Accreditation for the National Association of Independent Schools.
Approved for: Pre-kindergartens, Kindergartens, Elementary Schools, Junior High/Middle Schools, High Schools, Educational Agencies With Special Purposes and Non-Traditional Educational Centers.
Qualifications: Middle school teacher, college graduate teaching assistant, coach, assistant high school principal, elementary school principal, system director of elementary education, executive director of k-12 curriculum and instruction, assistant superintendent of curriculum and instruction and superintendent of schools for 11 years. During his 35 years in education, he participated in numerous SACS committees, was Chairman of the SACS State Committee, led an elementary school to be chosen as one of 36 Georgia Schools of Excellence, served on the initial AdvancEd Board of Directors and was honored as “Educator of the Year” by the Georgia Association of Educational Leaders. Doctorate Degree in Education, University of Georgia.
Qualifications: 40+ years in public and private education, serving in positions such as teacher, coach and headmaster. In addition to a distinguished career of school leadership and service, W. T. has served in numerous professional capacities, including President of the Georgia Independent Schools Association and a member of the state governing board of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
The Georgia Accrediting sadly reports that Dr. Jones has passed away. Schools that used Dr. Jones as a consultant should select and contact another consultant.
Qualifications: 46 years as an educator in both public and private schools. Service included 12 years as superintendent of Lumpkin County schools, 17 years as a public school principal, 3 years as private school headmaster, 10 years as assistant principal and 3 years as a classroom teacher. Many awards and activities including; chair of SACS accreditation teams, Superintendent’s Professional Development Program, Governor’s School Leadership Institute, Lumpkin County Citizen of the Year (1984, 1989).
Approved for: Pre-kindergartens, Kindergartens, Elementary Schools, Junior High/Middle Schools, High Schools, Educational Agencies with Special Purposes, and Non-Traditional Educational Centers.
Qualifications: 34 years experience in public education. 31 years in Fulton County Schools. Service included: 7 years as teacher, 8 years as assistant principal, 12 years as high school principal, 4 years district Director of Instructional Technology. 3 years Georgia DOE, Director of Instructional Technology.
The Georgia Accrediting sadly reports that Dr. Threatt has passed away. Schools that used Dr. Threatt as a consultant should select and contact another consultant.
2017: 18./19.11. Katzenausstellung in 40699 Erkrath-Hochdahl - Universal-Cat-Club e.V bei Internationale WCF Katzenausstellung 18.-19.11.2017 in Erkrath
Min Acres 1 acre 2 acres 3 acres 4 acres 5 acres 10 acres 20 acres 30 acres 40 acres 50 acres 100 acres 200 acres 300 acres 400 acres 500 acres 1,000 acres 2,000 acres 3,000 acres 5,000 acres 10,000 acres
Max Price $5,000 $10,000 $20,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 $100,000 $200,000 $300,000 $400,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $2,000,000 $5,000,000 $10,000,000 $20,000,000
Thank you for your interest in the United Country Real Estate Catalog. We will ship you the most recent issue right away. Please include your email address if you would like access to the digital version immediately.
Each office independently owned and operated. The Information provided herein is deemed accurate, but subject to errors, omissions, price changes, prior sale or withdrawal. United Country does not guarantee or is anyway responsible for the accuracy or completeness of information, and provides said information without warranties of any kind. Please verify all facts.
当店人気の厚地とミラーレースのカーテンセット”Bonheur -ボヌール-” の厚地カーテンのラインナップに新柄「Horon -ホロン-」が登場しました。 ざっくりとした織り目と洋室、和室ともにマ …
Assholes like this who think that their bags are more important than other people. Multiple people asked her to move them and she blatantly refused
Golf Cart Rentals Fort Wilderness Camping Rentals Golf Cart Golf Cart Rentals Near Fort Wilderness Uploaded by on Friday, May 25th, 2018 in category yamaha golf cart wheels.
A boat trip into Halong Bay, a world heritage listed site in North Vietnam is a spectacular experience. The beauty of this region leaves you spellbound as you cruise alongside hundreds of sheer limestone peaks rising out of the sea, stone mountains clad in jungle, ancient caves and thundering waterfalls.
The area has been protected since 1994 and the trip can be enjoyed to the fullest aboard the luxury of a Chinese-style traditional junk, which is well worth the extra dollars. There are two regions to explore. The main area is Halong Bay itself, where approximately 1,000 boat operators compete for business, taking you to places like Hang Sung Sot Cave (Surprise Cave).
The other area is Bai Tu Long Bay (which means Baby Dragon). In comparison, the surprises here are very real. Beautiful secluded beaches, exploring isolated caves by kayak, and the highlight – a candlelight dinner in a cave.
Copyright © 2011 - 2018 Images of Sri Lanka. privacy policy and legal All rights reserved. CMS website development by Senska.
Although the heritage of Django Reinhardt has now spread throughout the world, reaching all generations the virtuosity of the interpreters often outstrips the composers'creativity.
Today, Gadjo Combo, headed by the talented Marc Joubert, stands out for the quantity and audacity of their compositions. With the proud of Gypsy swing influenced by both classics and rock, Gadjo Combo heightens the Manouche jazz genre and extends its repertoire. Benjamin GOLDENSTEIN and Patrick FRÉMEAUX
Starwood Hotels and Resorts announced its plans to open seven more hotels in New York City, upping the hotel’s portfolio by 50 percent in the Big Apple. Starwood currently operates 12 hotels in New York City across six of its nine brands, and expects to have 18 properties open in the city by year’s end, including the local debut of the Aloft and Element brands.
“While nearly 80% of our future hotel pipeline is outside of the United States, we have more hotels in New York City than any city in the world and we will open more hotels right here in our backyard than anywhere else, which speaks to New York’s enduring stature as the most global gateway city in the world,” says Starwood CEO Frits van Paasschen.
In addition to the new brands, Starwood’s Sheraton hotels is making a splash in the big city. Of the seven hotels opening, Sheraton will debut two New York hotels including the Sheraton Brooklyn New York Hotel the Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel. Starwood’s most popular brand, the W, continues to operate four hotels in NYC including its landmark W New York and W New York-Times Square.
As part of CNN’s “Parts Unknown” show, Anthony Bourdain went to New Mexico to check out Santa Fe’s Five & Dime General Store, which is very well known for its Frito Pie. It didn’t end well.
Holding the bag of Frito chips covered in chili and topped with cheese, Bourdain proceeded to refer to it as “warm crap in a bag.” Granted, he was just trying to give viewers an idea of what Frito Pie feels like when you hold it, and he did say himself that the dish was “delicious.”
Bourdain has gotten a bit of flack since the episode. For one, the episode claimed that the dish was made with Hormel chili, when in fact Five & Dime makes its own. Bourdain apologized. But it raises the question: Do people care what Anthony Bourdain has to say about food?
We have a strange relationship with food, and when we see an odd food combination in the national spotlight, we’re often compelled to try it. Just look at the cronut trend.
Is it more important for Bourdain to like the dish he tries, or just to get the dish onto national television? I would wager that there are just as many people who are tempted to try different dishes simply because Bourdain has put them in the spotlight, regardless if he actually likes them or not. Certainly, he should get his facts right, but at the end of the day, isn’t all publicity good publicity?
Be honest: you want to go and try it for yourself. So book a trip to Santa Fe to eat some Frito Pie. Or just make it yourself.
The Ecosystem Thematic Centre is hosted by different institutions: University of Tuscia (UNITUS) and euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change (CMCC) in Viterbo – Italy, the University of Antwerp (Research Group of Plant and Vegetation Ecology, PLECO) in Belgium and the French National Institute for Agricultural Research (INRA) in Bordeaux, France. The ETC is also organized in different Units (see scheme here below) where ETC staff members from the different institutions are working together and strict and continuous coordination.
Although the ETC has been organized in order to maximize the interchangeability of the members in order to increase the robustness and share as much as possible the competences, the groups involved have different field of expertise and main responsibilities. In particular the Italian partners UNITUS and CMCC coordinate the ETC and the fluxes and meteorological data processing, the University of Antwerp is responsible for the ancillary data collection and treatment while the INRA Bordeaux will receive, analyze and store the soil and vegetation samples.
Ensure the funding to the ETC, care about the link with the Host Institutions and among Host Institutions, give general advices on the ETC functioning. Free to involve legal and administrative experts for specific discussions.
Relevancy Title Number of Replies Number of Views Thread Start Date Last Posting Date Author Name Forum in Descending Order in Ascending Order
Weather near State School For Boys Last report from Portland, Portland International Jetport, ME 1.1km away
bridge a structure erected across an obstacle such as a stream, road, etc., in order to carry roads, railroads, and pedestrians across.
cape a land area, more prominent than a point, projecting into the sea and marking a notable change in coastal direction.
Weather near First Presbyterian Church Last report from Ardmore, Ardmore Downtown Executive Airport, OK 4.6km away
After a few days in vibrant Barcelona, head up the coast to see more of what the Catalonia region has to offer. The spectacular Montserrat monastery and its Royal Basilica will take your breath away. Be charmed by the narrow streets and varied architecture of Girona. Relax on the whitewashed beaches of Cadaques, former home of Salvador Dali. And remember to pay a visit to the museum dedicated to the imaginative painter in ...
After a few days in vibrant Barcelona, head up the coast to see more of what the Catalonia region has to offer. The spectacular Montserrat monastery and its Royal Basilica will take your breath away. Be charmed by the narrow streets and varied architecture of Girona. Relax on the whitewashed beaches of Cadaques, former home of Salvador Dali. And remember to pay a visit to the museum dedicated to the imaginative painter in Figueres.
The passion to serve and inspire savvy travelers with innovative and personalized vacations has been the driving force for 31 years at Avanti Destinations. We have the passion for independent travel and want to share it with you! We provide you with authentic travel experiences backed by our expert knowledge. You go where you want. When you want. With the flexibility to savor special moments along the way. Your vacation is uniquely yours. That’s Avanti!
Our record of success at Avanti Destinations reflects the way we have fine-tuned the art of independent travel. We create vacations of a lifetime for people who want to experience travel up-close and personal—at your own pace, without the constraints of a group.
Independent Vacations - For the experienced traveller, completely flexible and personalized itineraries made easy.
Hand-Picked Accommodations -Boutique hotels, castles, villas, bed and breakfast, manor houses, and apartments personally selected for their standards, character, and charm.
Unique Travel Options - Pre-plan your vacation with food and wine, cultural and historic tours, private drivers and guides, and off-the-beaten path sightseeing.
Support During Travel - Avanti's professional, local travel partners are available for assistance everywhere you go.
Castle, châteaux and manor house stays in Czech Republic, France, Germany, Ireland, Poland, Portugal and Wales
Villas and farmhouses in Italy, Castles and B&Bs in Ireland, Chateaux in France, Manorhouses and Castles in Great Britain
Avanti's vacation packages are best for independent people who enjoy unique travel experiences, active "soft adventure" travel and an opportunity to explore the culture of a destination. Most of our clients are experienced travelers who like to venture off the beaten path but yet appreciate the pleasures of first-hand recommendations and comfortable accommodations. We've been helping independent travelers get more enjoyment out of their vacations.
In Asia, Avanti has created a variety of customized privately guided programs. Why go on a group tour with strangers when you can have a more authentic experience with your own family and friends? We offer:
23 expertly crafted itineraries from 3 nights to 16 nights all with private guides and transportation
Experience cooking culture in a variety of Asian settings, Wok cooking class in Beijing, Sushi making in Tokyo
Explore beautiful Thailand, Bangkok, the Grand Palace, head north to Chiang Rai to explore Temples and Shrines, head south for amazing beaches.
Individual travel components, including air (trans-Atlantic, intra-European and intra-Latin America), rail, hotel, car rentals, and special, local travel offerings (airport transfers, city tours, theater tickets, dinner cruises, etc.) for travelers departing from the United States.
Packaged vacation travel, combining two or more components with flexibility in pricing and accommodation levels. Depending on preference, packages may include itineraries that are pre-designed, or created as a design-it-your-way itinerary, allowing you to add and extend items.
In order to provide you with the best quality, pricing, and availability, we have long-standing relationships with giants of the travel industry, including:
white twin over bunk bed, new hope lounge chair in black walnut for, online catalogs seaside furniture company, vintage metal office chairs by royal manufacturing, contact, kitchen island in black natural beyond stores, walnut 3 door scroll console kitchen dining, brown cherry 3 legged end table, home, furniture bedroom crown button tuft headboard king.
The most shocking things i learned dating a muslim man and why i stayed and eventually got married insider’s tips on love, advice, and relationship. Single muslim women on dating: 'i don't want to be a submissive wife' i'm told, with handwritten notes replaced, with excel spreadsheets of available boys and girls aged 20 to 55 though. If you have found an attractive muslim girl whom you want to ask out on a date, these 10 tips for dating muslim girls will really help you although girls do have a lot of common characteristics, their natures are certainly influenced by their cultures and it would help you to know what to do these. Roma's best 100% free muslim dating site meet thousands of single muslims in roma with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in roma is the perfect place to make muslim friends or find a muslim boyfriend or girlfriend in roma. The problem with dating as a muslim woman is almost always one of culture than religion having tried the ‘marriage experiment’ once, i know that religion doesn’t play a role in the day-to.
Dating a muslim girl advice - if you are a middle-aged man looking to have a good time dating man half your age, this article is for you rich man looking for older man & younger man i'm laid back and get along with everyone. Free muslim chat sessions are exhilarating when you talk about free chat rooms and the prospects of hundreds of single women, you really don’t have anything to lose it doesn’t even take a couple of minutes to set up a free account , you don’t have to worry about monthly fees, which means you can search for your soul mate to your heart. Observant muslim girl personals flirting dating, and wish to find love china date or at loveawake sign up today and single muslim dating western countries following lists, when he was the region of china / taiwan excavations have to another level when a chinese. As it is, muslim dating rules provide that respect to the islamic religion is important hence, you make sure that you see her religion as important, just as yours, and respect that as a tip off for you, if you are looking for a one-night stand to exercise your randy ways, please move on.
You should best go to crimea to increase your prospects of finding a muslim girl with ukraine nationality although there are several muslim girls scattered around ukraine, they are generally students who will return to uzbekistan, turkmenistan,tajikistan etc at the end of their studies. Muslim women are considered inaccessible to men of different nationalities and religions, and there are a lot of reasons for this almost all communities and families in islam have to follow strict rules regarding dating and marriage. 8 things to expect when dating a muslim girl hesse kassel january 9, 2015 girls 820 comments hesse kassel hesse kassel is an australian economist he stopped chasing money and chased women and made children instead he blogs right here. At our dating site you will find thousands profiles of gorgeous muslim ladies looking for love all of them are real and wish to find someone special in thailand to spend the rest of their lives with. A conservative muslim woman talks about her experiences in contemporary dating culture.
Welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with muslim singles it's free to register, view photos, and send messages to single muslim men and women in your area one of the largest online dating apps for muslim singles on facebook with over 25 million connected singles, firstmet makes it fun and easy for mature. Lisa maree williams/getty my life 5 hijabis get real on what it's like to date when you're muslim-american the good, the bad, and the cringeworthy. Christian girl dating a muslim boyfriend tngirl 3 years ago 1,068 11k christian girl dating a muslim boyfriend i have been dating my boyfriend for about 2 years now i am christian, and he is muslim omg girl i was in that same spot i also met my ex in high school (i was in 10th grade, he was a senior) we were close for 3 years.
Find muslim women seeking men listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Can a non muslim guy date a muslim girl yes that is, if she wants to a muslim women can date any person however, if she is a religious person, then she would limit herself to muslim men 472 views mohamed salah, works at dun & bradstreet what are the perks of dating a muslim girl. At a muslim speed dating event in 2006, imam muhamed magid of the adams center summed it up this way: don’t talk to the muslim girls, ever, but you are going to marry them. Muslim couples that decide to get married become engaged early, once they know they are compatible because of the muslim stricture against premarital sex, the entire dating and engagement process is supervised, with the couple participating in group outings with friends, according to the families website. Roma's best 100% free muslim girls dating site meet thousands of single muslim women in roma with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim women in roma is the perfect place to make friends or find an muslim girlfriend in roma.
You never had a chance to date a muslim girl unless you were the same race whanobe , jul 14, 2015 cornwallacejackson 1913 this country sold its soul to the banks. 7 reasons to date a muslim girl hesse kassel april 12, 2015 girls 332 comments hesse kassel more generally there is a perception that dating a muslim girl is a one way trip to a starring role in some kind of unpleasant snuff movie this kind of thing has certainly happened, but it is a bit like plane crashes and shark attacks: they. Online dating for muslims is geared for marriage minded users as a gap between tradition and modernity muslim dating is a term that has risen as the world has become more globalized and secular.
Hai am nish 25 years old i like very much muslim girls and womens any girls and women intrested phone talking do not miss out on any ads for muslim personals hyderabad we’ll send you a notification via email or push whenever new ads related to your search are posted. Arab dating site with arab chat rooms arab women & men meet for muslim dating & arab matchmaking & muslim chat. Many muslim singles naturally want to find a spouse who understands the rich and time-honored practices of islam, but they may not know where to look to make your search for love that much easier, a free muslim dating site can provide instant access to thousands of like-minded singles in your area. Muslim girls are taught by quran to not date, marry a non muslim( christian, sikh, hindu , buddhist) they read quran and follow its commandment even highly educated muslim girls doctor , engineer and civil service aspirant believe and follow it therefore you will not find muslim girl to date.
Meet iranian women for dating and find your true love at muslimacom sign up today and browse profiles of iranian women interested in dating for free.
Cash or self-payment; Medicaid; Private health insurance; Military insurance (e.g., TRICARE or CHAMPVA); Sliding fee scale (fee is based on income and other factors);
If you are Interior AIDS Association and would like to see your direct number listed or listing removed, please contact us and we will be more than happy to assist you.
Cash or self-payment; Medicaid; State financed health insurance plan other than Medicaid; Private health insurance; Military insurance (e.g., TRICARE or CHAMPVA); Sliding fee scale (fee is based on income and other factors); Payment assistance (check with facility for details);
If you are Narcotic Drug Treatment Center Inc and would like to see your direct number listed or listing removed, please contact us and we will be more than happy to assist you.
Flexibility to accommodate your specific inventory, fulfillment, billing, reporting, and accounting requirements – EDI Compatible
Business to Business and Consumer Promotions (including collect and win games, peel a deal coupons, mobil decoders, etc)
Treeline Marketing and Promotions began as a promotional products distributorship with a knack for developing custom headwear and apparel programs. Over the years, we have taken that expertise and built on it to become a leader in private label and custom product development.
Our business concentrates on three core areas: promotional products, private label manufacturing and our own retail line of branded merchandise. While each customer has different needs, the process is very similar across these three areas, which allows us to serve a variety of companies and markets while focusing more on creativity and less on paperwork.
We work with companies of all sizes, including large corporations, major retailers and small companies. Our main objective is to help our customers grow their bottom lines and achieve an outstanding ROI.
How do we do this? By learning everything we can about your company and goals, we are able to lay the groundwork to find the perfect solution to fit your marketing needs. After an initial meeting to determine your sales and marketing objectives, budgets, demographics and timelines, we go to work for you. We will conduct research and will present you with products and/or ideas specific to your needs.
For custom and private label products/programs, we put our innovative design team to the task of creating the perfect item for your program, whether it's for sale on a retail shelf or is used as an incentive item.
Whether you need a promotional item or a custom designed product, we will work with you from start to finish to assure your satisfaction, deadlines and goals are met.
YourStory.com is Indias biggest and definitive platform for startups and entrepreneurs . Stories by Guest Authors See all authors. See all authors. EDITORS' PICK .
BookMyShow offers showtimes, movie tickets, . Popular Malayalam Movies . Booking tickets has never been this hassle-free.
The Person behind this Blog is Rajkumar Mali who has done MCA from Jaipur. He is Active in Blogging from Last 6 Years with other Popular Blogs. In December 2015 Rajkumar Mali Founded GajabKhabar.com which we can say in English “Bizarre News”.
GajabKhabar.com is one stop place to find Hindi Articles from Different Genres. The Concept Behind this Blog is that he is Passionate to Find Bizarre things from India and World.
A regional distributor of Thompson Pumps, Gajeske offers sales and rentals of the entire Thompson product line, as well as technician services for installation, pump set-up, monitoring, consulting, and even full system design.
With dry running oil-less vacuum (OVT) automatic priming, this eco-friendly pump with no recirculation oil or contact rotors is state of the art in handling liquids with larger solids up to 4 inches as well as air. High pressure, capacity and performance all in a rugged heavy-duty centrifugal pump.
With automatic priming and 4-inch solids handling, the JSC compressor-assisted pump series leads the industry in sewer bypass, emergency response and any high head/high-volume applications. Heavy duty, dry-priming with auto-start and compact design options, this pump is the ideal solution.
This open trash and sewage dry priming pump designed with an auxiliary vacuum pump delivers the fastest priming available with high volume pumping of liquids and air. The perfect choice for high lift applications, including liquids with abrasives or suspended solids.
Able to run dry with simple low-cost maintenance, the TSV with quick vacuum-assisted priming is easy to operate. Built with heavy-duty cast iron construction for robust operation, this pump is a great choice for all types of construction applications and waste treatment.
The automatic priming trash/sewage TSC pump handles solids up to 3.35 inches. Using the compressor assisted self-priming Enviroprime System® this pump eliminates the need for a cumbersome leak off tube to direct and capture effluent.
Thompson HTC series compressor-assisted pumps are engineered to provide consistent and dependable service on the most difficult jobsites. These pumps are used in a wide variety of applications including storm water pumping, open pumping and sewage bypassing where moderate air handling is required. With its heavy-duty cast-iron construction, ability to self-prime and re-prime automatically, this simple and low-cost maintenance pump series will work harder for you than any other wet-prime trash pump on the market. Equipped with the exclusive Enviroprime System® compressor-assisted dry priming system prevents blow-by, such as sewage and waste, from discharging onto the ground, making this unit environmentally safe.
Available in single and double diaphragm models, this pump can be indefinitely run dry without damage to the unit. An excellent choice for pumping muddy water, sludge or any liquid with a high percentage of solids up to 2.375 inches in size, this versatile pump is lightweight yet highly resistant to abrasive and corrosive liquids.
Built with a lightweight yet durable cast aluminum housing as well as a heavy-duty steel roll cage for protection, this self-priming utility trash pump is extremely portable and versatile. Able to handle solids up to 1.75 inches, it’s a perfect choice for small dewatering jobs.
This open trash self-priming centrifugal pump passes solids up to 3 inches making it a perfect choice for sewage bypass as well as dewatering. Build with heavy-duty cast iron construction, this dry running pump is robust and cost-efficient.
The economical and rugged heavy-duty trash pump provides an economical self-primer with simple low cost maintenance for flood control, dewatering and sewage bypass. Able to handle solids up to 3 inches the HT is available in sizes of 4 to 8 inches.
With an 8 and 12-inch rotary pump that handles both air and water, the positive displacement with constant suction makes this pump the ideal choice for all wellpoint applications. All wetted parts are abrasion and corrosion resistant combined with polyurethane rotors and stainless steel wear plates.
Consuming only 5 gallons of fuel per day, the PW pump is the economical choice for wellpoint or sock dewatering. This high suction lift, high air handling pump is self-priming and is available with a sound attenuated enclosure.
Designed to eliminate suction lift limitations in deep manholes or excavations over 25 feet deep, the Hydraulic Submersible pump handles up to 4 ¼- inch solids and pumps efficiently at heads up to 240 feet. Available with variable speed controls and auto-start, the low oil level/high oil temp shutdown system and third line for seal blow-out protection assure trouble free use and low maintenance costs.
The accompanying HST heavy duty submersible pumps range from 3 to 12 inches and include delivery and return hoses with quick disconnects. Available with enviro-friendly biodegradable lubricants and slurry gates, the HST with replaceable wear plates and cut waters as well as tungsten carbide mechanical seals with Viton elastomers is an economical choice.
♥BATTERY LIFE SAVER♥There is an insulated pull tab on the battery pack in each light up glove. Remove it from battery before use. When you don't use them, plug the insulated pull tab to avoid accidental switch-on.
♥READY TO USE♥Each lighting glove is equipped with 2 batteries CR2016 which are easily replaceable. They come ready to give you wonderful flashing gloves.Battery continual use time: 12h.
♥ONE FOR ALL♥Our raver gloves are stretchy so will fit most average sized hands. The wrist features an elastic band, no problem for children to wear them although it's a little large. Children still have fun with them. It's more suitable for ages 8+.
Enjoy yourself in parties, clubs, lightshows, concerts, festivals. Perfect gifts for all ages, from children to the elderly adult. Changeable Light Up Shows Halloween Costume, Novelty Halloween Christmas Gift, Trendy dance gloves for stage show.
Finger Lights: LED Gloves are funny and look incredible in the dark! Real eye catching appeal! A great conversation starter at your fingers. Fabulous gloves for all happy hour.
Our gloves may help you live brighter! You can cycles through 6 light modes by a button on the wrist.
The battery pack comes with the batteries already installed with a pull tab to ensure that they are not wasted prior to you getting the product.Remove from battery pack and press the on/off button to light up gloves.
There are two cell batteries per glove so 4 for the pair of CR2016. Ready to use straight out of the package. The battery and on-off switch is inside a little pouch on the gloves, which is kept closed with velcro. After the battery died, you could replace with two CR2016 batteries.
People were "fighting" over this gift during our white elephant game. The lights are very bright. The gloves are warm and fit comfortably even with the wiring. Great for night walks.
Bought for my mom. She loves anything that flashes. She likes to walk in the mornings and loves them. They light up well and keep her hands warm at the same time.
A Chanukah present for my granddaughter that was mailed promptly and looked like great fun. They do appear to be adult size and she is 6 so they were a bit large for her.
I was nicely surprised by these gloves. They have bright colors, are comfortable to wear, and the settings are amazing.
Really fun LED gloves for people of all ages! Gave them to my nephew for Halloween. He loved them and played with them for hours. The lights have different settings too.
The gloves are pretty stretchy so will fit different size hands. Nice quality and great color. The lights are all in the fingers, green, blue and red.
33 thousands of driver files are available to download right now. and if there is no you driver or manufacturer you can request free search service for free. that means we will find you driver and upload it for free so you may download that.
Add to cart to save with this special offer. It was quite easy to get started. Other offers may also be available. Compatible SSDs sort price: Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Get the item you ordered or get your money back.
Covers your purchase price and 4250-gz637 shipping. New, used, acer aspire 4250-bz637 refurbished products purchased from Marketplace vendors are subject to the returns policy of the individual vendor. Learn More – opens in a new window or tab Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc.
Image not available Photos not available for this variation Stock photo. I’ve had it acer aspire 4250-bz637 more than a year and still looks pretty new. Compatible SSDs sort price: Would order electronics from Amazon again. United States and many other countries See details.
See all condition definitions – opens acer aspire 4250-bz637 a new window or tab. Learn More – opens in a new window or acer aspire 4250-bz637 Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Buy only this item Close this window. Chipset is a set of integrated circuits that have a specific purpose in a computer system, a group of microchips used together to perform a single task. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.
Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Unable to add item to List. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc.
Share your thoughts with other customers. Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest. There was a problem filtering reviews right 4250-bz37. Acer aspire 4250-bz637 returned computer that is damaged through customer misuse, is missing parts, or is in unsellable condition due to customer tampering will result in the customer acer aspire 4250-bz637 charged a higher restocking fee based on the condition of the product.
Better than most netbooks. East Dane Designer Men’s Fashion. See questions 4250bz637 answers. Back to home page. Please enter a number less than or equal to 1.
4250-bx637 Learn More – opens in a new window or acer aspire 4250-bz637. There are 1 items available. Sell now – Have one to sell? For warranty information about this product, please click here.
We speak with Heidi Andreasen, whose digital collages grace the pages of our printed magazine. The Berlin-based artists talks about Interview magazine, digital manipulation and the German art scene.
London is a buzzing city with many opportunities. Sometimes I really miss it, especially the people who I met at CSM. It was an extremely inspiring time and it taught me a lot. London is too expensive though, and that’s the reason why I decided to move. I really love the slow pace of Berlin and the liberal nature of the city. The art scene is young, vibrant and inspiring. It’s a great place for artistic growth.
Since graduating I’ve been very interested in the subject digital vs organic. The style in which I illustrate started out as digital, but has slowly become more hands-on. I’ve found mixing digital manipulation techniques with hands-on collage extremely interesting. In my mind, this combination of techniques really brings out the essence of collage-making and the juxtaposition of the organic and the digital in a computerised culture.
We know that since moving to Berlin, you’ve interned at both Saatchi&Saatchi and Interview magazine. How was it to move from an advertising agency to a magazine?
At Saatchi, I worked closely with the creative team in creating new ideas and concepts for upcoming campaigns. Pitching and designing layouts was part of my daily routine. At Interview I had been working with their online team in redesigning their new website, which has been nominated for Website of the Year in the German ‘Lead Awards 2014’. Both experiences have been great and I’ve met some extremely talented people.
“I really love the slow pace of Berlin and the liberal nature of the city. The art scene is young, vibrant and inspiring. It’s a great place for artistic growth.”
Do you spend much time producing your own work and freelance commissions, now that you’re working full-time?
The past year has been pretty full-on. I’ve been trying to squeeze in time for my own projects in the evenings after work and on weekends. There’s been a couple of freelance projects I had to turn down due to lack of time. It’s been quite stressful when I’ve been freelancing or preparing for an exhibition while working full-time. However, I definitely learned that I get more work done when I have a busy schedule.
Quite a few of your earlier illustrations reference Dadaism and sci-fi shorts by H.G. Wells– both from the early 20th century. Have your topics of interest changed much?
Influences come from everywhere and the topics change every day. The latest series, which I created for the STITCH group exhibition in London earlier this year, was inspired by how digital imaging has changed and how it’s become a rather sterile and precise process. The idea was to reintroduce the beauty of imperfection to the precision of digital imaging.
Looking at your BA work, some of it can easily be thought of as fashion editorial. Is working in fashion something you’ve explored?
The graduation projects ‘Bloom’ and ‘Spring Up’ were in collaboration with my good friend Tristram Mason who is an amazing illustrator. We met through our course at CSM and began collaborating during our second year of uni. We both love collage and fashion, so it was a perfect match. Together we also worked on professional projects for artist ‘Kristjana S Williams’ and fashion brand ‘Beyond the Valley’.
“Creating work for online and for print is very different. It’s extremely crucial to be aware of the technical aspects in order to get the best result.”
Because some of your work is quite tactile and textured, do you approach the work that you produce for magazines, online, and exhibitions differently?
Definitely. I think a lot about the final outcome and the whole process from start to finish. Creating work for online and for print is very different. It’s extremely crucial to be aware of the technical aspects in order to get the best result. Personally, I love print and the texture of ink on paper. My family runs a small envelope and printing factory back in the Faroe Islands, so I grew up being around big presses and machinery. I think this is what sparked my interest in print.
We know a few students from Berlin, so it’s on our list of places to visit. What places would you recommend that we check out there?
Oh, there are so many places… I love Tempelhofer park, a former airport which is now a public park. It’s a perfect spot for BBQ’ing and chilling in the sun. Martin-Gropius-Bau is a well-known museum and exhibition hall which is definitely worth visiting. Every Thursday there’s the Food Market in Markthalle Neun, which serves delicious food. On weekdays the club Berghain hosts great live gigs. The list is endless…
What are your plans moving forward? Do you think you’ll stick with illustration as your medium after spending time working for Saatchi and Interview?
My goal is to continue to grow as a designer and artist. I feel like my style and approach is constantly changing so it can go anywhere from here. It’s been a long time dream of mine to create large-scale artwork. Also, fashion-related work and collaborations are definitely something that I wish to explore even more in future projects.
Spherical Panoramas allow the viewer to look in any direction, as if one were standing in the center of a sphere.
You are free to explore every angle and to inspect any detail of the image by zooming in and around the total sphere.
You can also view these images within Google Earth or at 360Cities see the links at the bottom of this page.
You will require a viewer to see the images, if you don't have one installed already (there are several available free) then the system will offer you a link. If you prefer to manually control the viewer selection then please make your choice below.
If you would like to know more about the methods used to create these images then the following sites will guide you PanoTools Wiki and the PanoTools mailing list.
Just beside the Southhampton Sailing club house is this pontoon that allows good view of the ships coming to and fro.
The Royal Victoria Country Park overlooks the Solent and was once the location of a military hospital, now only the church remains and the grounds are open to the public.
Stokes Bay is located on the southern tip of Gosport overlooking the Isle of Wight, the old gun battery sits overlooking the Solent.
Just off Titchfield Haven standing close to the low tide mark, Fawley power station and oil refinery to the North and the Isle of Wight to the South
This nature reserve on the shore overlooks the Solent from Gosport towards the Isle of Wight and Fawley Power station.
World Photo Galleries :: Album list :: Last uploads :: Last comments :: Most viewed :: Top rated :: My Favorites :: Search
CARTA 928465 viewsTailend of a retired 35-ft 1973 GMC T6H4523A CARTA bus in Chattanooga, TN. Looks can be deceiving- this bus appears to be in fine shape but the entire front end had been completely cannibalized by CARTA (used for parts). Photo taken by Mike Gallant in May, 1998.
CARTA 954399 viewsRetired 1973 GMC T6H4523A sitting in a back lot at the CARTA facility in Chattanooga. Notice the unique square windows before the back door. All of CARTA's GMC New Looks were retrofitted with wheelchair lifts - a third door was fabricated to accomodate the wheelchair-bound. Photograph taken in May, 1998 by Mike Gallant.
CARTA 963328 viewsCARTA #963 on a lift in the maintenance shop in Chattanooga, TN. Photograph taken in May, 1998 by Mike Gallant.
LANTA 7307354 viewsLANTA #7307 at Centre Square in Easton in February, 1978. Photograph taken by Bob Hussey; collection of Dave Colton.
Capital Metro 437423 viewsCapital Metro #437 working route 10-South 1st at Colorado & West Fourth Streets. Photograph taken in February, 1981 by Mel Bernero.
Huskie Line (ex-Texas Motor Coaches) 1654204 viewsHuskie Line #1654 at Road Ranger in Hampshire, IL, en route to Illinois Railway Museum's annual Vintage Transportation Extravaganza. Photograph taken August 6, 2006 by Michael Pompili.
Images © their respective owners, Shimmie © Shish & The Team 2007-2016, based on the Danbooru concept.
Please fill out our online contact form if you have any art or framing questions that we may help answer.
Or sign-up for our Art Gallery Email Club to receive information about art collections and artist events.
Nicknamed the Sled by those who flew her, the SR-71 was the world's fastest, highest flying jet in the world. For 25 years this magnificent aircraft performed vital reconnaissance missions of the highest national importance. Brian Shul was the first SR-71 pilot ever to write about what it was like to fly this exotic aircraft, and coupled with photos from his personal collection, the book became an enduring aviation classic. Bigger and better in every way, this newly reprinted Commemorative Edition is a fitting and passionate tribute to the most remarkable aircraft of the 20th Century.
Have your book personalized for an additional $25.00 with a message and signature from author Brian Shul. For special message requests, use the easy Add Personalization Message / Comments About Your Order box that will appear during the checkout process.
In the age of pragmatism and information abundance, it seems that there is nothing strange anymore, and everything is familiar or can be easily decoded. However, only art still retains some kind of strange and mysterious characteristics. Just like staring at familiar geometric structures, after a while, the composition will become strange, and then only by squinting one's eyes can you get back the original image. Moreover, there are other forms of art, not originating from the aesthetic point of view but from materials and other angles such as poetics, chemistry, biology, anthropology and so on. Obviously for the understanding of these art, squinting is not enough.
It goes without saying that a work of art is in the first place a collection of things, and secondly it must contain something other than the existence of the substance itself. Therefore, the Stranger Objects exhibition is based on these two points. On the one hand the artists have their own long time favourite materials, such as He Chi's use of paint and stones, Lin Shu's crystals and molds, Yan Bing's mud and wheat, Liang Shuo's slag, Li Peng Peng's wood carvings and leather, Han Xiao Han and Zhang He's animal specimens, Lu Lei, Li Jinghu and Zhou Yilun's trash. Some of these materials are amorphous, others have peculiar shapes and colors. On the other hand, Stranger Objects are not only concerned about perculiarity. The reason why art is strange is that, from a viewer's point of view, it provides an anachronistic and ungraspable experience in a seemingly nornal setting. And from the point of view of the artist (creator), since on the onset of modernism, artists who pursue independence and freedom have to place themselves in a strange place, because the artist wants to create art only for the artist himself and this is a mysterious land with no footsteps to follow.
Early in Parshat Toldot, we are presented with a vivid picture of the difficulty Rivkah experienced during her pregnancy:
The pain was so severe that she appears to question her own motives for living when she cried “Why is it that I am?”
The Midrash offers a deeper insight into these events. It explains that Yaakov strained against Rivkah’s womb as she passed places of Torah study and prayer, expressing his desperate need to be out in the world serving G-d. Esav, on the other hand, fought only as Rivkah passed by temples of idol worship; his Evil inclination as developed in these early stages as was Yaakov’s inclination towards Good.
Rivkah noticed this pattern to the commotion within her, but unlike the reader, was not given the insight that she was carrying twins (Kol Simcha). She felt the kicking to be symbolic of the eternal struggle between Good and Evil, and was curious as to which would ultimately emerge victorious. Is for this reason, according to Rashi, that she sets out to “inquire of G-d” through the prophet Shem. G-d’s answer, however, was that there is no answer: the future of Good and Evil in indeterminate, dependent solely on the choices made through Man’s free will. It is a view supported by the Ohr HaChayim’s interpretation of the words “רב” and “צעיר” as not referring exclusively to the “elder” Esav and “younger” Yaacov, rather to whichever is the “elder” or “younger” in its time. The implication of this is that the tides of battle between Good and Evil will continue shifting in the future as they have throughout history: influenced by our deeds and decisions alone.
In present times, one does not have to look hard to see just how precariously the scales of morality are balanced. Every deed has the ability to transcend time and space, to affect many more than originally intended. It is up to us to make sure that these far-reaching effects are positive, acting only to give Good the upper hand and neutralise the Evil in the world. May we all be able to achieve this goal, and see the arrival of Mashiach, bimheirah beyameinu.
With the Human Rights Arts & Film Festival upon us, one film is poised to catch the collective Jewish eye. For those who missed it at the Jewish International Film Festival last year, …
The Community Security Group (CSG) performs an important function for the Jewish community. In the current state of global affairs, the role of the CSG has become more vital than ever. The vast …
I’m back, taking over from Bracha, for another tour of duty as editor at this Melbourne Jewish institution.
I love food – always have and always will. As part of my love of food I also love cooking regularly and seek foods out that I have never cooked with before. This …
By using this feature, we promise that you will meet random babes that are ready to get naked with you on cam and have an exciting and hot adventure.
While using our Chatroulette alternative, you get to share your webcam with strangers while also being able to view their webcams.
If you only want to webcam chat with girls just click the "girls" button to be paired with only girls.
Using random video chat to connect with strangers is thrilling, exciting and fills a need to socialize that we all have as humans.
No need to sign up or pay anything to use our video chat service because all our features are 100% free to use!
Chatrandom has grown to become the biggest random video chat app online because of our devoted team and innovative features.Browse free webcams in five different ways on Chatrandom, all features including random chat are free to use and will provide you with hours of fun and excitement.There are always thousands of people online and with one click you will be connected instantly to chat with strangers.Call duration is limited to 10 minutes (duration is subject to change).Content is protected by international copyright laws.It's not difficult to begin using our video chat features, within a few moments you will already be able to use all of the features available at Chatrandom.
Right from the beginning it was clear that skill would have a level, that they would be used for bonus dice, narrating facts and some special function, like attacking, healing, defending. The set of special applications changed a lot. In the end, there were eight main types.
But how would skill levels be assigned? I wanted to make it simple. One experience point should be one skill level. Taking inspirations only from the best, I borrowed FATE's skill pyramid, but turned into stairs. In FATE, a character need always more skills at level n-1 than at level n. In B&B, a character must have at least one skill at every level from 1 to n.
This method is very clever way to have a character level, without having a character level. In D&D3 for example, there is hard cap based on character level. In FATE, there is an implicit cap: the highest possible pyramid you can build with a certain number of skill points. In my experience, such caps are the only way to reliably prevent characters getting too powerful. Other games use escalating costs for higher skill level. Higher level calculation aside, I don't think escalating costs do what they should. They are supposed to encourage buying a more diverse set of skill for a character. In my experience, players will only save longer to buy their favorite skills, thereby doing the opposite.
Next, I introduced add-ons to skills. These include specials like attacking several targets, healing in the fray, summoning better followers. Stuff like that. They are not always active, but require a special condition. There is a common list for conditions and a specific list of add-ons for each type of skill.
The concept is very similar to SFX in the new Marvel Heroic RPG by Cam Banks et al. That's coevolution, mind you, so I'm very glad that I have similar ideas as the guys at MWP. Unlike heros in MHRPG, heros in B&B shouldn't have add-ons to every one of their skills.
In the beginning, I tried to grant a bonus to skills without add-ons. But that didn't feel right. A simple skill should be just plain worse than an augmented one. The final solution was surprisingly simple and addressed another issue as well. It goes like this: Characters can only have add-ons to half their skills. Round down.
Again a hard cap was simpler than incentives, and more effective. In addition, this rule proved to be a further incentive to spread a character's skill set. A character with more skills at lower levels will have more add-ons.
Note: This form is NOT for questions regarding treatment for urgent or emergency medical conditions. If you have a medical emergency, please call 911 immediately.
What are characteristics of anne frank anne frank was a young jewish girl who hid what is the driving time from portland maine to port clyde maine in. Port clyde singles dating im an outdoors type of girl im into trucks, red sox, and music i also love to paint, draw and write near port clyde in by the sea. The little clyde river is a river in while his mother is jewish east green harbour road little harbour road port clyde road sandy point road. Meet port clyde single women online interested in meeting new people to date zoosk is used by millions of singles around the world to meet new people to date.
His documentary work is in the permanent collection of the museum of jewish heritage the coast at port clyde by richard levine rajastani girl by richard levine. Dispatches from the camp of the saints a prominent jewish progressive dr clyde 'fingers' proctor, ob-scat.
Port clyde's best 100% free mature dating site meet thousands of mature singles in port clyde with mingle2's free mature personal ads and chat rooms our network of mature men and women in port clyde is the perfect place to make friends or find a mature boyfriend or girlfriend in port clyde. Cody was a knowledgable guide who led us on an exciting and satisfying adventure we paddled out of the cove past the lighthouse and stopped on an island which was awesome went with my wife and 2 girls and we all loved it an amazing adventure, fun, interesting and good exercise really nice sea. Somerville singles profiles just looking for that one girl out there meant for me port clyde personals camden personals hope personals.
Port clyde fresh catch, the personal gena's school of womanly arts, the national center for jewish film , penguin random house, a mighty girl, kraus farm. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single jewish women in port huron, mi join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site.
The 2018 mainetoday beer bracket begins plus we've got a q&a with the dropkick murphys, an indie film guide on what to see at this year's maine jewish film festival, a feel-good face the music about mayo street arts and of courseplenty of ideas on what's going on this weekend. Gigmasters helps you find the best 60s bands in the port clyde, me finnish waltzes, jewish the harmonies and choreography of the girl. Find your perfect match roommatescom is a roommate finder and roommate search service which covers thousands of cities nationwide currently, roommatescom is the web's most popular roommate matching service, receiving over 50,000 visits and 1,000,000 page views per day. An active volunteer and board member in girl scouts and senior friendship club he was active in jewish in 1984 she balano moved to port clyde. Newport station singles on mate1 – find local matches online today. Posts about color theory written by lindacleary noland died of kidney cancer at his home in port clyde, maine on january 5 at the jewish museum. Port-clyde port-clyde change city news forums crime dating real-time news jobs obituaries entertainment photos shopping real estate coupons yellow pages.
Less than 33 of american billionaires were jewish in 2014 this is an in 2014 , according to forbes there were 492 us billionairs, by takingnbspthis is a list of jewish american business executives for other jewish americans, see lists of parviz nazarian, iranianamerican billionaire investor, managing partner of omninet capital. Australia's largest online dating service for singles new search new search search i'm a jewish islamic buddhist hindu sikh new age atheist. 100% free online dating and matchmaking service for singles. Florida jewish singles we are the premier jewish singles community in florida as the modern alternative to traditional jewish matchmaking, we are an ideal online destination for jewish men and women to find friends. Maine jewish film festival will who grew up in this area and once had a very popular restaurant in port clyde girl found dead in stockton springs was.
Alltherooms alltherooms is the world’s first and only complete accommodations search engine we connect you with every accommodation—hotel, vacation rental, couch or hammock—to give you a comprehensive list of places to stay at every place on earth.
Berkshire east mountain resort is home to thunder mountain bike park the bike park is a progression bike park built by gravity logic, builders of some of the most ridden dh trails on the planet a progression bike park is a park that emphasizes the importance of a complete trail riding experience for riders of all abilities. The crown & horns is a beautifully renovated and refurbished country inn nestled in the heart of west berkshire’s racing countryside with 11 individually designed en-suite rooms (from £59) clustered around our kitchen courtyard, roaring log fires, oak beams, lots of real ales and simple, fresh locally sourced food, the crown & horns is the perfect stop over for business and leisure travellers.
Easyroommate is the largest online flatshare community, helping landlords and agents with portfolios of rooms, single rooms for rent, studios or other shared rentals.
100% free berkshire chat rooms at mingle2com join the hottest berkshire chatrooms online mingle2's berkshire chat rooms are full of fun, sexy singles like you. Q east – henry court, 230 king’s rd, reading rg1 berkshire rooms is proud to offer these new and exclusive penthouses and properties, situated close to reading town centre just a moment’s walk from all the local amenities that reading town centre has to offer, like the well known oracle shopping centre and the mainline railway station.
Berkshire chat: welcome to chat berkshire, the list of chat hour members in berkshire chatters listed below are chat hour members who live in berkshire to chat with them, please click their usernames unlike many online chat rooms, chatting on chat hour is fun and completely free of charge this is your best opportunity to chat with people.
Свидетельство о регистрации СМИ Эл № ФС 77-59166 от 22.08.2014. Учредитель – федеральное государственное унитарное предприятие «Всероссийская государственная телевизионная и радиовещательная компания». Главный редактор – Панина Елена Валерьевна, редактор ГТРК «Югория» – Гааг Ольга Леонидовна. Электронная почта: gtrk@ugoria.tv, телефон: +7 (3467) 33-01-12. Все права на любые материалы, опубликованные на сайте, защищены в соответствии с российским и международным законодательством об интеллектуальной собственности. Любое использование текстовых, фото, аудио и видеоматериалов возможно только с согласия правообладателя (ВГТРК). Для детей старше 16 лет.
Obviously if there is no code sharing at all, each method instantiation are different and the code would be instantiated with the correct typeof(T) code where T is a real type, it obviously would “just work”.
Before we dive into the implementation, let’s take a first crack at this problem and see what are the challenges.
This appears to work, but if you think about it, it doesn’t always give the right answer. What if obj is a sub-class and T is a base class? In this case we end up printing the derived class, which is incorrect.
So looks like we can’t really always rely on the argument/this pointer inside the function to figure out the T type (except for instance methods on generic types where we can use this pointer). And given that the method is generated in a “generic” fashion it doesn’t know anything about the T by design.
To make it work, you need to think like a runtime/compiler dev – if there isn’t enough information in the method itself, change the caller to pass it in!
Just imagine the compiler (JIT, C++ compiler in .NET native, etc) could work with the runtime to figure out these are special methods that needs “assistance”, and needs to change the call site (fancy term for where the call happens in the caller code) to insert a magic parameter that carries additional information about the type arguments. .NET runtime / compiler often employs tricks like this – it is known as “secret argument”. One another example is that .NET interop IL stub also use secret argument to support sharing interop “stubs” across P/invoke & COM interop methods that has compatible method signatures.
In .NET, a MethodTable describes a type and all its related information. A MethodTable * is equivalent of Type object within the runtime. Similarly, MethodDesc is the equivalent of MethodInfo in the runtime. Both data structures are generated by CLR type loader at runtime from .NET metadata in methodtablebuilder.cpp.
During compilation, compiler works with runtime to figure out information about the method being called in CEEInfo::getCallInfo, which calls CEEInfo::ComputeRuntimeLookupForSharedGenericToken to determine the lookup kind.
.NET gets the layering between runtime and compiler right. ICorJitInfo is the JIT/EE (= execution engine = runtime) so that runtime and JIT (or any other compiler) can talk to each other – it is core to how JIT understands the .NET type system and .NET by design can talk to any compiler as long as they properly implement this interface. This is how .NET native / CoreRT is able to swap JIT with a proper C++ backend compiler using its own ICorJitInfo implementation. CEEInfo is the implementation for JIT.
Let’s take look at case #1 first. As discussed earlier, the type parameter is infered from this pointer. You can see the following code generated by JIT below for the typeof(T) code, with comments added by me.
00007fff`04ff0946 488b4d10        mov     rcx,qword ptr [rbp+10h]           ; this pointer saved in [rbp+10h] earlier
The MethodTable pointer is always at the first pointer field in any object – this is how you can do object.GetType for any reference type – just get the first pointer field and you got the MethodTable *. You can think of this as .NET / CLR’s equivalent of C++ vtable / RTTI, but with much richer information. Anyway, it is only a few pointers away between the object and the m_pPerInstInfo:
Due to inheritance, an object could have more than one generic dictionaries and can refer to base / parent class’s generic dictionary. In this case there is only one. The first element in the dictionary is the first type argument, the 2nd one is the 2nd type argument, etc. In this case we just get the first one. Either way the compiler always knows the index of the type argument from the list of type parameters statically.
00007fff`04ff0951 488b09          mov     rcx,qword ptr [rcx]               ; first generic dictionary
The secret argument is actually a InstantiatedMethodDesc which has a m_pPerInstInfo field at 0x10 pointing to generic dictionary, just like MethodTable. Since there is no inheritance at method level, there is only one generic dictionary.
I’ve added some comment to the method code. It is very similar and a bit more straight-forward (less indirections).
                                                                            ; rdx is saved in [rbp+18h] earlier
00007fff`04ff2010 488b4d18        mov     rcx,qword ptr [rbp+18h]           ; rdx - SECRET ARGUMENT -> InstantiatedMethodDesc *
00007fff`04ff227c 488b4d10        mov     rcx,qword ptr [rbp+10h]       ; SECRET ARGUMENT - the MethodTable
I also plan to write more about CLR internals going forward that I don’t see other folks have written yet. Some topics come to mind:
How default interface method is implemented in runtime (https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr/issues/10504)
Virtual ISH walkabout Fitting instructions Installation videos Catalogue download FAQs Contact form Care instructions Order Status
--- Keeping up-to-date on social exclusion wordwide --- Keeping up-to-date - Africa - HIV Keeping up-to-date - Asia - Pacific Keeping up-to-date - Australia Keeping up-to-date - Hong Kong Keeping up-to-date - India Keeping up-to-date - Inuit Keeping up-to-date - Ireland Keeping up-to-date - Las Américas Keeping up-to-date - New Zealand Keeping up-to-date - North America Keeping up-to-date - Oceania Pacific Keeping up-to-date - Scotland Keeping up-to-date - Thailand-Asia (กรุงเทพมหานคร) Keeping up-to-date - United Kingdom --- Keeping up-to-date - Deutsch Keeping up-to-date - Español Keeping up-to-date - Français Keeping up-to-date - Italiano Keeping up-to-date - Nederlands Keeping up-to-date - Norsk Keeping up-to-date - Österreich Keeping up-to-date - Português Keeping up-to-date - Svenska --- Keeping up-to-date - ελληνικά Keeping up-to-date - Čeština Keeping up-to-date - Türkçe Keeping up-to-date - Русский Keeping up-to-date - Tiếng Việt Keeping up-to-date - 中文 (China) Keeping up-to-date - 日本(Japan) Keeping up-to-date - 한국 (Korea) --- HEADQUARTERS --- TWITTER | EN TWITTER | ASIA TWITTER | FR TWITTER | ES TWITTER | BR TWITTER | Deutsch-Österreich TWITTER | UN --- EGAYLiTY Stigmabase Youtube
The truth about Saudi Arabia's human rights record - Freedom House says that “political rights are curtailed for all of the kingdom&#...
One in eight LGBT UK youth have attempted to take their own life in the last year - A new report from Stonewall UK reveals startingly st...
What Can LGBT+ People Expect from the Bolsonaro Government? - In 2017 a record number of homophobia related violent deaths were recorded, ...
Strictly Come Dancing star Dr Ranj Singh opens up on anti- gay prejudice in the medical profession - Strictly Come Dancing star Dr Ranj S...
Could you join our new LGBT Advisory Panel? - July, we announced the results of the national LGBT survey and our LGBT Action Plan. In i...
Former WWE Intercontinental champ Ryback shows support for LGBT community as he issues ... - Former WWE Intercontinental champ Ryback sho...
Thailand could be first country in Asia with same-sex unions - The campaign against equal marriage was led by the Coalition for the Happin...
What Can LGBT+ People Expect from the Bolsonaro Government? - The UK , Europe, Canada and Australia must stand up to Bolsonaro and any l...
EU recalls ambassador to Tanzania over 'deterioration of human rights' amid anti- gay crackdown - One gay man, speaking anonymou...
2010 - 2018 ― STIGMABASE initiative || Keeping up-to-date on social exclusion worldwide. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
Good Bathroom Ideas Ideas For Bathroom Themes Good Bathroom Theme Ideas On Ideas Beach Bathroom Decorating Ideas Apartment Bathroom Great Small Bathroom Ideas – uknatura.org
outdoor porch ceiling fans with lights popular front outdoors,outdoor porch ceiling light fixtures fan stunning fans with lights outdoors,popular outdoor porch ceiling twirling fans with lights outdoors, outdoors ceiling fans with lights outdoor porch fan contemporary,ceiling fans outdoor fan heater porch with lights outdoors,outdoors ceiling fans with lights outdoor porch innovative patio ideas ,outdoor porch ceiling fans with lights outdoors rustic,outdoors ceiling fans with lights outdoor porch best,outdoor porch ceiling fans with lights fan stunning flush mount light decorating outdoors,outdoors ceiling fans with lights outdoor porch .
Смотреть Европа порно видео бесплатно онлайн без ограничений. Отличное порно которое есть только здесь и бесплатно, поэтому уверяем вы влюбитесь в данный сайт ukradennye-foto-porno.protorgi.info с первой секунды. Озабоченные бабушки с толстыми жопами радуют члены молодых студентов опытным минетом, а потом раздвигают ноги и получают в мохнатку бодрый стояк. Парни с радостью ебут расширенные дырки зрелых родственник вагины которых не смотря на возраст умудряются выделять тонны смазки и даже бурно кончать. Конечно выше представлен не самый пикантный момент в инцесте,более интересно будет смотреть как брат пихает пенис в нежный ротик неопытно сестры и она старательно учится отсасывать, за то как правило чуваки оказывают опытными пиздолизами и классно шлифуют языком пилотку родственницы, да так офигенно, что милашка во время куни умудряется получить оргазм. Некоторые дерзкие русские братки, вообще настолько смелые что трахают сестер без презерватива и умудряются слить сперму прямо в разработанную дырочку. Ну и напоследок расскажем а самом потрясающем в инцест порно, а именно о сексе матери и сына. Женщины которые спариваются с молодыми сыночками очень страстные и как правило обладают аппетитными формами именно поэтому чаще всего инициатором такого перепихона бывает сынок.. Добавить сайт в закладки:
Excavated material is suitable for bedding of pipes/conduit, as excavated spoil can be reused there is no need to import sand or remove excavated rock.
Seeking the net I saw hundreds of organizations. I'd no clue which a single is nice, that’s why I go through on the net reviews of composing businesses. On all on the net... Read through much more Comment Practical? Certainly 0 No two
I was a bit Doubtful regarding the products and services Until I bought my order. It had been completely recorded and I scored the greatest grades in my batch. Thanks a great deal Guys!
Developing a fantastic circumstance investigate study is not a straightforward position and lots of scholars uncover they require support in this part, That is due to the tough needs of circumstance investigate examine writing, and also the small amount of time They are really furnished to attain The task.
Some techniques involve a customer portal, which far more simply allows for and accommodates the safe transfer of situation data files and customer data.
Thank you a lot for the assist. I used to be very delighted using this operate and very grateful to your aid.
I’m pleased with their excellent operate, which was supplied in time & Furthermore they've got fairly professionalism.
Users can manage to-do lists, assign employees to conditions and particular roles and watch time expended on jobs to boost workflow performance.
Their Scenario Experiments usually are not remarkably reasonably priced, providing extraordinary high quality texts shouldn't always be pricey. All people can manage their exclusive Scenario Review assessments, because they have a definite lower price rate technique for our returning buyers.
We deliver you the most unique and up-to-date details visit the site about anonymous paper composing products and services to ensure that you do not lose your really hard-earned money. Do not take any prospects – go through our Case Reports Assessment for making a notified decision!
The case addresses the positioning Problem going through TML together with other concerns influencing the functionality of …
Students who give their orders early spend reduce costs than those who request shipment on urgent foundation; For example, in just 3 hrs.
actually incredibly terrific excellent service great good fantastic rapidly reponse superb personnel
Get to find out your prospects. Merely declare your organization now. Get true customer insight and reply to your reviews. It can be cost-free.
It's a significant challenge where you'll have to elevate a problem and come across all the most effective answers for it, which is why It's important to deal with it attentively and carefully.
You will also must file a claim for reimbursement, like in a very FFS plan. The HMO plan would like you to utilize its community of providers, but acknowledges that occasionally enrollees want to pick their very own service provider.Ford's PCs are fixated on Hydro A single executive shell out, but authorities say it has very little to complete with
In specific crisis or mission significant cases, an company may well implement an yearly quality pay back cap in lieu of a biweekly quality pay back cap, subject to the situations presented in legislation and regulation.S.C. 5547 for selected workforce Doing work overseas. We're going to situation a different memorandum with added info on this auth
PROJECT Intelligent will be the project management useful resource that can help supervisors in the slightest degree ranges make improvements to their overall performance. We provide a very important expertise base for anyone involved in handling projects of all kinds. With weekly exclusive updates, we maintain you in contact with the most up-to-da
To uncover enterprise means that match the talents together with other attributes of 1 of your group's present sources, pick out the resource that you might want to match beneath Project Resource, after which click Match.Sample: According to the analyze, the amount of time teenagers spend on homework has decreased because 2003 in the majority of in
Though Mathspace is often a beneficial on line tool to create maths a lot easier to know for students, we continue to experienced a major challenge with holding learners engaged with maths.Using the Carné de extranjeria you might be permitted to perform in Peru and also you don’t have a Restrict on the number of times you can stay. However you m
This is an interesting read. Not at all what I was expecting. When I first read the summary and skimmed other reviewers' responses, I was thought it was going to be a mess.
Hardcore BDSM with a murder mystery set in a futuristic world interjected into the story. In between extended sex scenes, of course.
What I had been expecting, but with the exception of decent writing, interesting characterization, and an interesting pseudo-futuristic story.
The basic set up is this: there's a central multiple-body murder mystery plot, a few explicit sex scenes interjected into the story to keep things interesting, and the unfolding of a corporation-centered world built upon sabotage. If explicit sex scenes aren't your thing but you're still interested in the book's set-up, then you're in luck (maybe?). They are easy to skip in that they are sectioned off by chapters. You can skip a whole scene by skipping a chapter, but I would at least skim it because it contains some characterization that's important to the plot. And also because it's a scene between the two main characters and their budding~ semi-hostile relationship, which play into the story later on.
The world of New London is a futuristic, post-apocalyptic meltdown kind of world where familiar world orders are no longer in place. New London is overseen by The Administration, a sociopathic draconian government body, that oversees a corporate-run society. We're introduced to Val Toreth, a high-ranking government personnel (investigator and interrogator by trade), who has been assigned to a high-profile corporate case to determine whether a mysterious death is murder or suicide. Keir Warrick is head of said corporation which is responsible for creating simulation technology, which might be the cause of the murder. Perhaps the sim technology is killing its users? A series of mysterious deaths and intrigues follow as the investigation unravels.
It's sad and unfortunate that this book, well-written and plotted as it is, isn't more popular and that Fifty Shades of Grey is. Well, we all know why that is. The content isn't so much the problem here since both series feature BDSM, or in Fifty Shades' case, the author's demented version of BDSM. While Fifty Shades is about to be a movie, not many have even heard of The Administration. That is sad, really.
Initially, I gave this book a higher rating because the set-up--futuristic world and technology, corporate politics, menacing dystopian atmosphere--and murder mystery intrigued me. I didn't think that a book such as this would have much in terms of plotting, characterization, or world-building aside from sex and the main characters' attraction to each other. But I was wrong. There's actually a good story here, and I enjoyed it more than I thought I would.
Although I'm impressed by the story overall, looking back, there were a couple of things I had a difficult time grasping. The sim technology, for one, and the inner workings of big corporation vs. budding corporations, such as SimTech, is another. I think the main problem was I couldn't imagine how such a small corp with such integrity can survive in a cut-throat world. Maybe if The Administration and its personnel outside of Toreth's office are featured more in the story, then I'd have more of an idea how the government systems actually worked.
Toreth and his insatiable sexual appetite are interesting, but I can't imagine how someone like him, who gives in to every sexual urge, makes it through government ranks, all the while joyfully having sex indiscriminately with absolutely no mind for discretion. And at the division of Investigation & Interrogation (I & I), of all places. Does he even know where he works? He's a walking series of liabilities, and it's a mystery that the Administration hasn't done away with him yet. Keir Warrick as a savvy, smart, but neurotic power player, I understand. But Toreth? Still can't get my mind around this character. He's the moodiest sociopathic interrogator I've ever encountered.
There is also the sim technology itself. I don't know much about IT or virtual realities or simulation technology, and until I can find someone who knows these things and have read this book, I can't say for certain how much of the SIM I believe and how much of it is clever authorial sass. However, I must compliment Manna Francis on her writing. It seems she has quite a good grasp on research methods and proceedings, government regulations, and government bullshit. Either she's done a lot of research for this book or she herself used to be a researcher for private sectors and/or a government personnel at some point in her life.
The ending of the investigation is left somewhat open-ended, and the ending of this installment of the series sets up an interesting premise for the following book(s). I don't really care for how things are wrapped, with a few loose ends hanging out, but I suppose that's what makes readers pick up the next book. I think I will read on, probably when I figure out the exact order of the book or short story.
This site is not affiliated or associated with Facebook.com or Zynga.com in any way. All original photos, images and articles are copyright to their respective owners and no copyright infringement is intended.
Facebook Connect allows members to login to other sites by just using their Facebook credentials. Gamers Unite! only ask for basic permissions (anything you made public such as name and profile pic) for members to write posts, leave comments or look for friends to play games. Read more about the permissions we ask! »
UMass Amherst UMass Boston UMass Dartmouth UMass Lowell UMass Medical School UMass Club UMass System
In our efforts to keep every race safe and fair, there are specific rules we have adopted, and in some cases modified, to ensure the safety of you and your family, and to make the events fair for everyone.
1. Yelling at or using profanities in any way shape or form towards 3D staff or support crew will not be tolerated and will result in automatic disqualification and could result in a suspension from events.
4. Pacing will not be tolerated. You cannot follow or be followed by a fellow athlete, friend, or family member at any time on the course by any means. This will be deemed pacing and will result in disqualification.
5. Changing swim/start waves or switching events without informing event management BEFORE an event begins will result in disqualification.
6. Adjusting or moving another athlete’s gear in the transition area after their gear has been placed will result in a 5:00 minute penalty.
7. Throwing trash on the course at any time before, during, or after will result in a 5:00 time penalty for the first offense and disqualification on the second. Designated trash throwing areas are only at aid station spots and approximately 25m before and after.
8. Failure to comply with emergency vehicles and event management staff during an event will result in automatic disqualification. Emergency vehicles and personnel have the right of way at all times and an athlete must give them right of way by doing everything possible to get out of the way.
Specific to Multi-Sport events your governing body is USA Triathlons sanctioned event. The rules set forth by the governing body will be adhered to in most cases. However, this event is owned and operated by 3 Disciplines, therefore we reserve the right as the owner, developer, and host of the event to add to, modify, or increase enforcement of a rule.
The center line violation rule will result in a disqualification! An athlete cannot cross the center line for any reason whatsoever. This is extremely dangerous and could result in serious injury or death, therefore it will not be tolerated.
Event management reserves the right to postpone, change format, modify courses, or cancel the event at any time. The safety of athletes, staff, support crew, and officials is our top priority and will never be compromised.
Event management is not responsible for late arrivals, athletes not finding a venue, misdirected, or delayed for any reason. Late arrivals will NOT be issued a chip and strap and will not be allowed in the transition area once it is closed. Again, there will be NO refunds for any reason.
Event management reserves the right to cancel an event due to inclement weather or the POTENTIAL of inclement weather. Every attempt will be made to host an event whether in its advertised form or altered form, meaning a triathlon could be modified to a duathlon; a 1500m swim could be made a 500m swim; a half marathon run could be made a 5k run, etc. Refunds or transfers will not be issued under any circumstances. The safety of our athletes will not be compromised.
If an event has mandatory bike check-in, you must check your bike in during the allotted check in times, typically the day before. Failure to do so will mean you are not going to race and again no refunds will be issued.
These rules are in place for a reason and deviation from them is not fair to the hundreds of athletes who follow the rules.
Athletes participating in their first "long course" event will be required to interview with the onsite Race Director. The athlete’s experience will be assessed, and if the athlete’s ability to finish the race safely is in question, the athlete may be asked by the Race Director to change events. Failure to comply with the Race Director’s decision will result in disqualification. Safety will NOT be compromised under any circumstances.
It is the athlete’s responsibility to ensure their chip is on at all times. Event management will not be responsible for posting the time of an athlete who has lost their chip. A lost chip fee of $40 will be billed directly to the athlete and may result in no times for the event.
An un-paid bounced check will mean you will be put on the "banned" list. Not a great list to be on if you plan on racing in the future. If you made a mistake with your banking, we understand, just be sure we are paid after corrections are made.
A t-shirt is only guaranteed to athletes who have registered by the 14 day cut-off for pre-registration.
3D has a "lost and found" bin. If you have lost something during a race, please contact us at: info@3disciplines.com
$15 any race, 14 days prior to event. That simple. Why 14 days? So we don’t order all kinds of product for a race. You may transfer to any 3 Disciplines owned event 14 days out from the event you are registered for. Events that DO NOT fall under our refund/transfer policy include: Tri for Joe, GLBRT Row-Ride-Run, Cannonball Run, Sister Lakes, The Bavarian Experience, Xterra Rockport Rugged, Powerman, or Thumb Sprint Triathlon.
No charge to transfer to another athlete. Must be completed prior to the close of online registration.
If you want to switch from Olympic to Sprint, or vice versa, at any event, please do so at the registration tent at the event, with no extra cost.
All the resources are not allowed for commercial use, otherwise you will be responsible for liability!
If resources have violated your copyright, please feedback to us so that we can delete it to protect your rights!
240 km južno od Soluna, u smeru ka gradu Larisi a zatim dalje ka zapadu, duboko u kopnu provincije Tesalije - postojbine antičkog junaka, kraljevića Ahila, nalazi se nadaleko čuveni kompleks manastira Meteori.
This message hopefully will begin the process of breaking through the negative historical barriers of collective thought: and projection, and ultimately redefine the history of the original Cosmic Maya. Most of what we know of the Maya is based in Spanish accounts. The journals of the Spanish, twisted and fabricated, seem to justify the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of innocent people in their uncontrollable, greed for glory and gold. Historically we have, known the Mayas as a grand civilization that rose and fell in a short period of time. In this short; time they accomplished a great deal. We have been told the Mayas were violent, drug-crazed savages who used the sacrifice of human beings to satisfy the angry Gods. Even with this grim picture painted by recent history, archaeologists still ponder at the wealth of knowledge left behind. Their remarkable talents for building pyramids, creating complicated artwork, and the use of 17 accurate calendar systems is still a mystery and misunderstood.
In truth, what I have been told by the Mayas is much different than the Spanish accounts. The pyramids were built as focal points to receive and transmit energy to and from the cosmos, not for grand sacrificial rites. Even though the details are not yet clear to me, I have been shown how the pyramids are used for communication through time and space and for the use of quantum shifting and time travel. No Spaceship is needed here. Some of the pyramids taught calendar systems, like the main pyramid In Chichan Itza, "Kukulkan". These pyramids activate human beings, Hunbatz Men, Mayan older and day keeper says, "When you climb the pyramid you become the Spirit of the pyramid and remember the knowledge of the cosmos." Having climbed a few pyramids myself, I can assure you, they activate a receptive soul.
The remains of the culture that the Maya masterfully created are still encoded with cosmic knowledge that activates the human spirit. This knowledge is very accessible to an open heart and was intended to be understood intuitively, using all 7 centres of the body. The Maya are a cosmic culture based on the consciousness of spirit and honour for all creation.
Historians have been interpreting the Maya intellectually and literally. Interpreting the Cosmic Maya through a Western mentality based on a materialistic society and immersed in ego definition, will always lead one to the wrong conclusions. Presumed representations of human sacrifice are actually symbolic teachings of cosmic understanding of the calendars, time, mathematics and of the seven powers of the human body, the Chakras! An example of art work depicting the ball games where the winner of the game was apparently beheaded, was in fact, actually meant to teach the cycles of time and the movement of planets. The winner was enlightened by cosmic understanding and the activation of the seven centres of the body. This can be plainly seen in Mayan art work as seven serpents emerging out of the symbolically beheaded winner.
The 17 different calendars are actual cycling maps, teaching the understanding of the energy lines of the cosmic web of creation, the web of life. They are cycles of time based on the cosmos that work together like, the, gears of a watch. Each connects with the central sacred cycle, "Tzolk'in", a Pleiadian cycle. As they circumnavigate, they synchronize to "day one, month one 11, thus creating 11-11, and an energy portal. When the cosmic web is understood and experienced, we become omni perspective and total cosmic remembrance and inter dimensional travel are possible.
When we, work with the sacred calendar, "Tzolk'in", and its 20 cosmically encoded Sun glyphs, we find help in discovering our own unique personal perspective. When each human being lives from their total individual perspective, instead of only being a reflection of another person's reality, we being to live in our total integrity, fulfilling our solar destiny. When working with the Tzolk'in we begin to cycle with the Pleiades, the energetic centre of our galaxy, instead of being programmed by a linear society. This helps activate cosmic remembrance, locked deep inside the centre of every cell of our bodies, within our DNA. The Tzolk'in also expands our perspective into what the Cosmic Maya call omni perspective where one can see from many views and stay centred in one's personal perspective. The Maya have said that this is an important step toward oneness and a peaceful non-judgmental world. When one can see from many perspectives it is impossible to judge anything. This will create peace and allowance within humankind for all life. We actually realize and become a beautiful part of a much larger whole. Ultimately this will lead each of us to energy independence and reconnection with the source of creation as we tap into the sustaining energy of Hunab K'u. When we live and merge personal a perspective with omni perspective, we create a completely harmonious world.
So we have shared some new perspectives on the historical accounts of the Maya, but who are these advanced beings, the "Cosmic" Maya? The Maya were, and are, cosmic beings and are not naturally indigenous to this planets These beings we call the Maya have been on earth in the ancient times of Atlantis, Lemuria, Egypt, India, Tibet, Greece... They are responsible for the remains of ancient cultures that we travel to today. The Cosmic Maya were called by similar names in different times and locations according to local culture. They are, limitless, peaceful, openhearted beings who love to laugh. They have travelled the time/space lines of our galaxy and others. They are, synchronizers of solar systems, galactic navigators and masters of perspective. They have worked with other solar systems and they are working now with ours. They work closely with Ascended Masters, the Great White brotherhood, Angelic realms and other Pleiadian groups, and YOU! The, Cosmic Maya feel intensely Angelic to me, a feeling that you might not expect. They are not gender conscious nor do they view the races on the planet as different. They say that from their perspective we are not as far apart as we think. They work from the energy of love, not fear, and have tremendous devotion in their hearts for the whole of humanity and the Earth's quest for evolution. They view us as equals to them in the cosmos. I never feel above or below them when we communicate; only a great respect for each other. Yes, the Maya are, ET's of sorts, and have star-seeded Earth with cosmic encoding "energy" many times. They speak with one voice and do not desire to be known individually. But it is my guess, that they are numbered at 20, based on a clue they gave me in the past. They once jokingly called themselves the 20 Gods of the calendar, the 20 Sun signs.
In our recent past the Cosmic Maya returned to earth to understand the cycles of time from Earth's perspective - to understand where we are, in the grand experiment. In a short time, they had compiled enough information so that the rest could be done through their own version of mathematics. As the beginning of the 9 cycles of darkness came closer, a gestation period for the transformation of Earth began, and the Maya prepared to return to the stars. By using their knowledge of the energy-light portals of calendars-cycles of time-space-experience, they breathed themselves off the planet.
As a child is formed in the, darkness of the womb of the mother, was it to be, for the, formation of a transformed, ascended Earth. The Maya could not be on Earth during these dark cycles. Their light would have, interfered with the transformation process. It was in these times of darkness that some of what we are now taught about the Maya was fabricated. Their teachings were diluted and many of their pyramids were built over by the descendants who understood only fragments of the original Knowledge. These teachings await rediscovery during these times of the great awakening. By the time of the arrival of the Spanish to the Americas, the Cosmic Maya had become a mysterious myth, built over, fragmented, and loot in superstition and the enactment of repetitious, meaningless ceremony.
The Cosmic Mayas carried the burden of time while living on Earth. They understand that we carry it every day as we are bound to walking through our world in a linear fashion; hours, weeks, months... They know we are tired and ready for change. We are, beginning to cosmically awaken, and as we do, life can become unbearable and ecstatic all at once. It is a delicate time for us and for the galaxy. They view us as courageous souls as we experience limitation and stretch for total awakening. The love they feel for Earth and humanity is overwhelming.
The hour is nearing when the cycles of time for Earth and our galaxy are coming into synchronization. This has been a monumental project of the Maya and as we near the new world, the "Itza Age", the Cosmic Maya wish to return to experience the ascension with the Earth and humanity. It is the beginning of the final stroke of a masterful painting and they wish to experience its completion with Earth. But as long as negative limiting projection and judgment exists within humanity and/or towards the Cosmic Maya, they will not return. They are quite sensitive to projection and the limiting energy which humankind imposes upon each other on a daily basis. They do not wish to fall into limitation as we have. They would not be effective at their mission if heavy limitation and projection were present. The intention behind this message is to help humankind understand the truth. They ask, if it is in your heart to do so, to begin to project loving, positive, empowering energy to humanity as a whole and to the Cosmic Maya and "invite" them home. A small and powerful solar family, collectively projecting positive energy toward them is all they require. This will help create a positive circuit of energy upon which they will return to Earth. As we need personal support to manifest in a positive fashion, so do they. The Maya have, shown me, as an example, that the being called Jesus had 12 powerful disciples, who continually projected vital positive support, while he worked with our planet and it's people.
As we prepare for the fulfilment of our destiny and the future of our world and universe, the Maya also prepare. Their return heralds a great sign signalling that the shift to galactic graduation is very close at hand. The more presence of their truth on Earth will help activate Earth and humanity in a very positive way. They are very excited to be experiencing the wonderful evolutionary shift of this grand experiment coming to fulfilment. The Maya have not revealed a date of their return to me. They explain that time as they know it is more like space and experience. They live by cycles of time that are spherical. Since the Gregorian calendar is linear, the use of it for prophecy is not considered accurate. We may not know the day or the hour of the beginning of the Itza Age nor the Cosmic Mayas return, but we will have an inner knowing as the time nears.
What was left behind by the Cosmic Maya for us to rediscover was ingeniously encoded with universal truth capable of bridging the gaps between all cultures, languages and all levels of education. It is available to all beings desiring awakening. This is not something you will need to learn, it is something you will remember!
The Cosmic Maya wish us to remember that they are our ancient family, our brothers and sisters. We are galactic family awaiting the grand reunion of our history and our future. Their blood and spirit runs through our bodies, for we are descendants of these cosmic beings. The Cosmic Maya and all beings of Earth are pieces of the Sun. We are connected to the Creator, we have just forgotten. We are unique and special measures of God. We each have our own time, our own perspective and our own song. We have been seeing the same Creator all along and soon we will understand that we have not been describing it differently. We are not as far apart as we think.
What is in store for us in our future? The Cosmic Maya say it is beyond our imagination. They inform me, that we are in for incredible surprises as the illusions are lifted. What we thought we knew may be revealed in a new light. By their standards we have remembered very little and what has been remembered is fragmentary and littered through our philosophy, science and religion. We all still have a lot to remember. The recorded history of the Cosmic Maya and beings of Earth are beginning to emerge out of a convoluted and distorted history.
Every day I thank the Source of creation for the continual expansion and remembrance within my own being. In the song of the Earth garden there are many notes. This journal is a part of my song.
The Lexmark Pinnacle Pro901 color inkjet multifunction printer (which handles printing, scanning, copying, and faxing) is priced on the high side ($300 as of June 4, 2010), but it's packed with features that would satisfy a busy home or small office. Lexmark sweetens the deal with supercheap black ink and a five-year warranty.
Admirably, Lexmark has customized the setup routine by skill level. If you want hand-holding, you can click through a long parade of dialog boxes that explain every minute detail, from plugging in the AC cord to inserting the cartridges. If you don't want the walkthrough, you can skip it. Wireless is a breeze, too: The onboard routine searches for and lets you join any available network in just a few steps. USB and ethernet connections are also available.
The Pinnacle Pro901's standout feature is its 4.3-inch touchscreen control panel, which gives the machine a cleaner look than a raft of buttons would. Even better, the menu structure is intuitive, easy to navigate, and well thought out. Other features include a roomy, 50-page automatic document feeder atop the unit's letter-size flatbed scanner, and automatic duplexing (two-sided printing). The under-mounted, 150-sheet front paper tray provides adequate capacity, though it feels flimsy when you remove or insert it. An optional second 150-sheet additional tray costs $100 from Lexmark. Media slots accommodate SD, xD, MS/MMC, and USB/PictBridge media. Lexmark's bundled software is great for controlling the scanner and the printer, though it lacks some editing and creative amenities that more-consumer-oriented models offer.
Small and home offices print a lot of plain text, which is where the Pinnacle Pro901 shines. Its speed is nothing special: 6.3 pages per minute on the PC, and 3.9 ppm on the Mac--but text quality was unbelievably black and crisp. What's more, this model and its other high-priced cousins (the Lexmark Platinum Pro905 and the Lexmark Prestige Pro805) can use the 105XL high-yield black cartridge, which costs just $5 and lasts for 510 pages, which works out to a scant penny per page. It's enough to make a monochrome laser printer nervous. Avoid the 100XL high-yield black, which also fits this MFP but is extremely expensive--as are the standard-size 100 cartridges.
Color quality and pricing are less impressive. On the PC, 4-by-6-inch photos printed at 1.8 ppm. On the Mac, a 7.5-by-9.9-inch, high-resolution photo took about 85 seconds to print; a 600-dpi scan of the same photo took just over a minute, while a 1200-dpi scan of a 4-by-6-inch photo took about 75 seconds. Color images had a fine-grained look--slightly foggy, but even. While fleshtones tended toward yellow and colors tended toward pink, they were believable. Color scans tended to be dark, but only color copies truly disappointed us, with distracting crosshatch patterns. The 600-page 100XL C, M, Y cartridges cost a middling $18 apiece (or 3 cents per color per page). Lexmark's standard-size color inks are incredibly overpriced and best avoided.
Lexmark's Pinnacle Pro901 is a worthy contender for your small-office bucks. Though we consider the Canon Pixma MX870 a better overall package for a lower price, the Pinnacle Pro901 supplies the cheapest black ink and the longest warranty.
TriEqual is a group of men and women dedicated to fairness, development and equality in the sport of triathlon. As such, TriEqual aims to ensure that all groups within the triathlon community are treated equally and with respect. Further, we aim to increase participation and diversity by increasing accessibility for all athletes, from beginners to elites.
TriEqual is open to all who wish to be involved. We invite you to contact us if you would like to be part of our team. We are volunteers working together to improve the future of our sport.
“To start with, most importantly all of the madness around us notwithstanding you will see a minute if this age will begin to seem sensible: That brave ” new world […]
De La Mancha Subhuman VSTi v3.0 is a specialized 2 Osc synth for creating powerful sub bass, either for low down basslines, or sub-bass kick drums and drops. subhuman has been updated to add a pitch envelope, contoured graphical envelopes, note-on sync, waveform display and oscillator phase. It also now has a pure sine oscillator for Osc1, which is generated by real-time math to avoid interpolation and give a pure signal By playing notes several octaves below middle C, subhuman will create a deep sub bass from the pure sine wave generated by Osc1. You can add to this with a different waveform on Osc2, detuned, sync’d and out of phase to get an extra layer of sound. Use the envelopes to shape the volume, pitch and LFO profile, each one has multiple contours for each stage to get just the right effect. The tempo-sync LFO can make the filter wobble or sweep and the overdrive will add some dirt. Drum mode removes the sustain stage of the envelopes to give you a percussive sound on each note, used with the pitch envelope to get that classic drum machine kick
SLiX is a randomising loop slicer, which switches between up to 4 loops and can shuffle, repeat, reverse and gate the slices of each loop according to user defined probability. Load any 4 loops, sync them to tempo, slice them up and then set probabilities that each loop will play and for each randomising effect per loop. Even the randomness is randomised, with a parameter that varies the probability in a user defined range. slix was co-developed with sink, who also provided the included 295 original loops.
For Player One: Put the cursor on Spiral and let it rest there for three seconds. Then move the cursor over the following fighters in this order without stopping: Silver Samurai, Psylocke, Colossus, Iceman, Colossus, Wolverine, Omega Red, then move the cursor onto Silver Samurai and let it rest for three seconds. Then press buttons A, C, and Z simultaneously. Akuma drops down.
For Player Two: Put the cursor on Storm and let it rest there for three seconds. Then move the cursor over the following fighters in this order without stopping: Cyclops, Colossus, Iceman, Sentinel, Omega Red, Wolverine, Psylocke, Silver Samurai, then move the cursor onto Spiral and let it rest for three seconds. Then press buttons A, C, and Z simultaneously. Akuma drops down.
Note: This only works in the "Versus Mode." To take a short cut between matches that almost completely eliminates the load times, wait until you get to the "Result" screen after a match. At the "Result" screen, highlight the word "Continue," and press and hold the top L and R buttons. Keep the buttons held down and press Start. This takes you to a "Short Cut" screen where you can switch fighters, change the handicap, and select the stage.
At the title screen, highlihgt Options, then choose Difficulty. Repeatedly press Up, then Down until a new option, Screen Size, appears at the bottom. Now you can play with Saturn or Arcade screen sizes.
Enable the "Fight as Akuma" code. Hold L + R and press Start at the stats screen. The name "Gouki" will appear at the bottom of the screen.
The Game must be on "manual". Fight with no continues. Defeat your opponents two rounds in a row (do not lose a round), having "first attack" on each round. You must use "Hyper-X" six times or more and it must connect to the opponent each time. No missed or blocked "Hyper-X" nor blocked or "cheesy" one-hit "super finish" will be accepted. You must get a maximum number of combos hits from your character's Hyper-X at least once. If done correctly, Akuma will appear as the sixth opponent, before Juggernaut. His stage is the "Danger Room" and he fights like he does in Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo.
Select Vs. mode and enable the "Fight as Akuma" code. Fight and finish the match, but do not use the "Quick continue" code. Immediately pressUp/Left(2) at the character selection screen. Juggernaut's face will appear to confirm correct code entry.
Select Vs. mode and enable the "Fight as Gouki" code. Fight and finish the match, but do not use the "Quick continue" code. Immediately pressUp/Right(2) at the character selection screen. Juggernaut's face will appear to confirm correct code entry.
Hold L + R, and press [Up, Down] six times on controller one at the options screen to choose between the Saturn and Arcade (wider) screen sizes.
I really do appreciate your visit to my blog. I hope you found some little tidbit that helps in your life of gaming.
I also appreciate you taking time out of your busy gaming day to leave me input and I hope you come back often to see what other contributions I add to The Wonderful World of Gaming.
Come visit my personal website! You can find more about me there. All my profiles links to networking sites I'm in is on there (like Facebook and Twitter), and find what else I am up to besides building GameSquire: The Wonderful World of Gaming.
Dillon Flueck is the creator and owner of GameSquire: The Wonderful World of Gaming, a Integrative Health Health Coach, and a StarGate Fan.
You can learn more about me at my Website www.DillonFlueck.com , http://about.me/DillonFlueck and can be connected through my Facebook, Twitter and Google Plus Account.
Designing a new golf course means changing a piece of land from its current state into something new. These changes often require the approval of many stakeholders including investors, government zoning boards, potential area home-owners, environmental groups and countless others. Many of these people are not technically minded and have a hard time understanding charts, graphs, plans and CAD drawings. 3D Nature’s Visual Nature Studio software (VNS) takes your GIS data and CAD drawings and turns them into photographic still images and immersive animations. Presenting images helps to educate your audience about what your course will look and feel like upon completion. Make your site plans come to life in the minds of every stakeholder.
With photorealistic imagery you can show investors exactly how the course will play. Nothing sells a design more successfully than images and animations of the proposal. Turn empty fields or seaside landscapes into tee boxes, greens, roughs and other elements as they will be once the course is complete. Show a viewpoint from each tee box with all of your precision design elements in place. Illustrate doglegs, sight-lines, vegetation screening and amazing views.
No project moves forward without approval of the environment impact assessment. Eliminate costly miscommunications and delays by ensuring the best understanding of your plans with detailed photorealistic depictions of the site and impact to the surroundings. A better understanding of the project as a whole may result in a more rapid approval process, possibly allowing you to start moving earth sooner. VNS provides the ability to express multiple options quickly, easily and intuitively -- something drawings and plans do not offer.
Sketches and diagrams can give a general feel for a course but to truly understand the playability it is better to have an overview of the layout as well as images from throughout the tee boxes, fairways and greens. With Visual Nature Studio you can verify location of greens and other elements on the course. Determine if a water hazard or sand trap are visible from the tee or if they need to be moved slightly to make the course more (or less!) player-friendly. Identify the proximity of nearby homes and other interference factors. Ensure that you will not be playing shots out of neighboring playgrounds or flower gardens. Place bunkers, water hazards and tee boxes in a real-world environment to ensure a quality course upon completion. Once you have designed your course you can move through the entire area to make sure it meets your strict design requirements.
What better way to sell a lot on the 9th fairway than to be able to show the buyer what their views will be? Sketches and plans do not convey the beauty of your masterpiece the way photo quality imagery of the finished course can. Potential buyers can appreciate the view from the master bedroom of their course-side home while it's still just a muddy field and a twinkle in your eye. With top-notch marketing collateral, lot sales can begin much earlier than previously possible, an advantage not lost on potential investors!
Your next course may be in the deserts of Africa, the green hills of Scotland or on the shores of the Pacific Coast but no matter where your setting, Visual Nature Studio will express the unique feel of your site. A large foliage library and hundreds of pre-built Components provide the tools you need to get your project off the ground quickly. Visual Nature Studio includes Components for fairways, roughs, greens, water hazards, sand traps and tee boxes. You can drag and drop these into your scene and they will immediately bring your drawings to life! Then customize your creation to meet your exact needs.
Visual Nature Studio and World Construction Set satisfy the needs of Golf Course Architects at two different levels. Visual Nature Studio gives you greater power, precision and flexibility plus some extra features that WCS doesn't have. World Construction Set is great for concept development where scientific and geographic accuracy are of lesser importance. Both programs give you the ultimate in artistic expression and photo-realism. If you would like to learn more about the differences between WCS and VNS visit our Product Comparison Page.
Used around the world for Land Planning, Landscape Architecture, Civil Engineering, Cartography, Forestry and Resource Management, Historical and Archaeological Recreation and Golf Course Design.
D'Artagnan was astounded by the terrible confidence of Athos; yet many things appeared very obscure to him in this half revelation. In the first place it had been made by a man quite drunk to one who was half drunk; and yet, in spite of the incertainty which the vapor of three or four bottles of Burgundy carries with it to the brain, D'Artagnan, when awaking on the following morning, had all the words of Athos as present to his memory as if they then fell from his mouth--they had been so impressed upon his mind. All this doubt only gave rise to a more lively desire of arriving at a certainty, and he went into his friend's chamber with a fixed determination of renewing the conversation of the preceding evening; but he found Athos quite himself again--that is to say, the most shrewd and impenetrable of men. Besides which, the Musketeer, after having exchanged a hearty shake of the hand with him, broached the matter first.
"I was pretty drunk yesterday, D'Artagnan," said he, "I can tell that by my tongue, which was swollen and hot this morning, and by my pulse, which was very tremulous. I wager that I uttered a thousand extravagances."
"No," replied D'Artagnan, "if I recollect well what you said, it was nothing out of the common way."
"Ah, you surprise me. I thought I had told you a most lamentable story." And he looked at the young man as if he would read the bottom of his heart.
"My faith," said D'Artagnan, "it appears that I was more drunk than you, since I remember nothing of the kind."
Athos did not trust this reply, and he resumed; "you cannot have failed to remark, my dear friend, that everyone has his particular kind of drunkenness, sad or gay. My drunkenness is always sad, and when I am thoroughly drunk my mania is to relate all the lugubrious stories which my foolish nurse inculcated into my brain. That is my failing--a capital failing, I admit; but with that exception, I am a good drinker."
"It is that, then," replied the young man, anxious to find out the truth, "it is that, then, I remember as we remember a dream. We were speaking of hanging."
"Ah, you see how it is," said Athos, becoming still paler, but yet attempting to laugh; "I was sure it was so--the hanging of people is my nightmare."
"Yes, yes," replied D'Artagnan. "I remember now; yes, it was about--stop a minute--yes, it was about a woman."
"That's it," replied Athos, becoming almost livid; "that is my grand story of the fair lady, and when I relate that, I must be very drunk."
"By her husband, who was a nobleman of your acquaintance," continued D'Artagnan, looking intently at Athos.
"Well, you see how a man may compromise himself when he does not know what he says," replied Athos, shrugging his shoulders as if he thought himself an object of pity. "I certainly never will get drunk again, D'Artagnan; it is too bad a habit."
"you are mistaken; I rode him nearly ten leagues in less than an hour and a half, and he appeared no more distressed than if he had only made the tour of the Place St. Sulpice."
"Why, here is the simple fact. This morning I awoke at six o'clock. You were still fast asleep, and I did not know what to do with myself; I was still stupid from our yesterday's debauch. As I came into the public room, I saw one of our Englishman bargaining with a dealer for a horse, his own having died yesterday from bleeding. I drew near, and found he was bidding a hundred pistoles for a chestnut nag. 'PARDIEU,' said I, 'my good gentleman, I have a horse to sell, too.' 'Ay, and a very fine one! I saw him yesterday; your friend's lackey was leading him.' 'Do you think he is worth a hundred pistoles?' 'Yes! Will you sell him to me for that sum?' 'No; but I will play for him.' 'What?' 'At dice.' No sooner said than done, and I lost the horse. Ah, ah! But please to observe I won back the equipage,' cried Athos.
"Well, I must confess it does," replied D'Artagnan. "That horse was to have identified us in the day of battle. It was a pledge, a remembrance. Athos, you have done wrong."
"But, my dear friend, put yourself in my place," replied the Musketeer. "I was hipped to death; and still further, upon my honor, I don't like English horses. If it is only to be recognized, why the saddle will suffice for that; it is quite remarkable enough. As to the horse, we can easily find some excuse for its disappearance. Why the devil! A horse is mortal; suppose mine had had the glanders or the farcy?"
"It vexes me greatly," continued Athos, "that you attach so much importance to these animals, for I am not yet at the end of my story."
"After having lost my own horse, nine against ten--see how near-- I formed an idea of staking yours."
"My dear lad, that was yesterday, when I was telling you silly stories, it was proper to tell me that, and not this morning. I lost him then, with all his appointments and furniture."
"Stop a minute; you don't know all yet. I should make an excellent gambler if I were not too hot-headed; but I was hot- headed, just as if I had been drinking. Well, I was not hot- headed then--"
'Oh, yes, my friend; there was still that diamond left which sparkles on your finger, and which I had observed yesterday."
"And as I am a connoisseur in such things, having had a few of my own once, I estimated it at a thousand pistoles."
"On the contrary, my dear friend, this diamond became our only resource; with it I might regain our horses and their harnesses, and even money to pay our expenses on the road."
"I mentioned your diamond then to my adversary, who had likewise remarked it. What the devil, my dear, do you think you can wear a star from heaven on your finger, and nobody observe it? Impossible!"
"Go on, go on, my dear fellow!" said D'Artagnan; "for upon my honor, you will kill me with your indifference."
"You are laughing at me, and want to try me!" said D'Artagnan, whom anger began to take by the hair, as Minerva takes Achilles, in the ILLIAD.
"No, I do not jest, MORDIEU! I should like to have seen you in my place! I had been fifteen days without seeing a human face, and had been left to brutalize myself in the company of bottles."
"That was no reason for staking my diamond!" replied D'Artagnan, closing his hand with a nervous spasm.
"Hear the end. Ten parts of a hundred pistoles each, in ten throws, without revenge; in thirteen throws I had lost all--in thirteen throws. The number thirteen was always fatal to me; it was on the thirteenth of July that--"
"VENTREBLEU!" cried D'Artagnan, rising from the table, the story of the present day making him forget that of the preceding one.
"Patience!" said Athos; "I had a plan. The Englishman was an original; I had seen him conversing that morning with Grimaud, and Grimaud had told me that he had made him proposals to enter into his service. I staked Grimaud, the silent Grimaud, divided into ten portions."
"Grimaud himself, understand; and with the ten parts of Grimaud, which are not worth a ducatoon, I regained the diamond. Tell me, now, if persistence is not a virtue?"
"I won back your harness, then your horse, then my harness, then my horse, and then I lost again. In brief, I regained your harness and then mine. That's where we are. That was a superb throw, so I left off there."
"Swear to nothing. You have not played for a long time, I said; you ought, then, to have a good hand."
"Well; the Englishman and his companion are still here. I remarked that he regretted the horse furniture very much. You appear to think much of your horse. In your place I would stake the furniture against the horse."
"You would do so?" said D'Artagnan, undecided, so strongly did the confidence of Athos begin to prevail, in spite of himself.
"The devil!" said Athos. "I would propose to you to stake Planchet, but as that has already been done, the Englishman would not, perhaps, be willing."
"That's a pity," said Athos, cooly. "The Englishman is overflowing with pistoles. Good Lord, try one throw! One throw is soon made!"
Athos went in quest of the Englishman, whom he found in the stable, examining the harnesses with a greedy eye. The opportunity was good. He proposed the conditions--the two harnesses, either against one horse or a hundred pistoles. The Englishman calculated fast; the two harnesses were worth three hundred pistoles. He consented.
D'Artagnan threw the dice with a trembling hand, and turned up the number three; his paleness terrified Athos, who, however, consented himself with saying, "That's a sad throw, comrade; you will have the horses fully equipped, monsieur."
The Englishman, quite triumphant, did not even give himself the trouble to shake the dice. He threw them on the table without looking at them, so sure was he of victory; D'Artagnan turned aside to conceal his ill humor.
"Hold, hold, hold!" said Athos, wit his quiet tone; "that throw of the dice is extraordinary. I have not seen such a one four times in my life. Two aces!"
The Englishman looked, and was seized with astonishment. D'Artagnan looked, and was seized with pleasure.
"Yes," continued Athos, "four times only; once at the house of Monsieur Crequy; another time at my own house in the country, in my chateau at--when I had a chateau; a third time at Monsieur de Treville's where it surprised us all; and the fourth time at a cabaret, where it fell to my lot, and where I lost a hundred louis and a supper on it."
"Well, Tempter, what more do you want with me?" said D'Artagnan. "You want me to throw again, do you not?"
"You are wrong, then. I would take the hundred pistoles. You know you have staked the harnesses against the horse or a hundred pistoles, at your choice."
"Well, then, I repeat, you are wrong. What is the use of one horse for us two? I could not ride behind. We should look like the two sons of Anmon, who had lost their brother. You cannot think of humiliating me by prancing along by my side on that magnificent charger. For my part, I should not hesitate a moment; I should take the hundred pistoles. We want money for our return to Paris."
"And there again you are wrong. A horse slips and injures a joint; a horse stumbles and breaks his knees to the bone; a horse eats out of a manger in which a glandered horse has eaten. There is a horse, while on the contrary, the hundred pistoles feed their master."
"Upon our lackey's horses, PARDIEU. Anybody may see by our bearing that we are people of condition."
"To take the hundred pistoles, D'Artagnan. With the hundred pistoles we can live well to the end of the month. We have undergone a great deal of fatigue, remember, and a little rest will do no harm."
"Well, you may be assured that your horse will not be half so serviceable to you for that purpose as good golden louis. Take the hundred pistoles, my friend; take the hundred pistoles!"
D'Artagnan only required one reason to be satisfied. This last reason appeared convincing. Besides, he feared that by resisting longer he should appear selfish in the eyes of Athos. He acquiesced, therefore, and chose the hundred pistoles, which the Englishman paid down on the spot.
They then determined to depart. Peace with the landlord, in addition to Athos's old horse, cost six pistoles. D'Artagnan and Athos took the nags of Planchet and Grimaud, and the two lackeys started on foot, carrying the saddles on their heads.
However ill our two friends were mounted, they were soon far in advance of their servants, and arrived at Creveccoeur. From a distance they perceived Aramis, seated in a melancholy manner at his window, looking out, like Sister Anne, at the dust in the horizon.
"Ah, is that you, D'Artagnan, and you, Athos?" said the young man. "I was reflecting upon the rapidity with which the blessings of this world leave us. My English horse, which has just disappeared amid a cloud of dust, has furnished me with a living image of the fragility of the things of the earth. Life itself may be resolved into three words: ERAT, EST, FUIT."
"Which means that I have just been duped-sixty louis for a horse which by the manner of his gait can do at least five leagues an hour."
"My dear D'Artagnan," said Aramis, "don't be too angry with me, I beg. Necessity has no law; besides, I am the person punished, as that rascally horsedealer has robbed me of fifty louis, at least. Ah, you fellows are good managers! You ride on our lackey's horses, and have your own gallant steeds led along carefully by hand, at short stages."
At the same instant a market cart, which some minutes before had appeared upon the Amiens road, pulled up at the inn, and Planchet and Grimaud came out of it with the saddles on their heads. The cart was returning empty to Paris, and the two lackeys had agreed, for their transport, to slake the wagoner's thirst along the route.
"My friends, that's exactly like me! I retained my harness by instinct. HOLA, Bazin! Bring my new saddle and carry it along with those of these gentlemen."
"My dear fellow, I invited them to a dinner the next day," replied Aramis. "They have some capital wine here-please to observe that in passing. I did my best to make them drunk. Then the curate forbade me to quit my uniform, and the Jesuit entreated me to get him made a Musketeer."
"Since then," continued Aramis, "I have lived very agreeably. I have begun a poem in verses of one syllable. That is rather difficult, but the merit in all things consists in the difficulty. The matter is gallant. I will read you the first canto. It has four hundred lines, and lasts a minute."
"My faith, my dear Aramis," said D'Artagnan, who detested verses almost as much as he did Latin, "add to the merit of the difficulty that of the brevity, and you are sure that your poem will at least have two merits."
"You will see," continued Aramis, "that it breathes irreproachable passion. And so, my friends, we return to Paris? Bravo! I am ready. We are going to rejoin that good fellow, Porthos. So much the better. You can't think how I have missed him, the great simpleton. To see him so self-satisfied reconciles me with myself. He would not sell his horse; not for a kingdom! I think I can see him now, mounted upon his superb animal and seated in his handsome saddle. I am sure he will look like the Great Mogul!"
They made a halt for an hour to refresh their horses. Aramis discharged his bill, placed Bazin in the cart with his comrades, and they set forward to join Porthos.
They found him up, less pale than when D'Artagnan left him after his first visit, and seated at a table on which, though he was alone, was spread enough for four persons. This dinner consisted of meats nicely dressed, choice wines, and superb fruit.
"Ah, PARDIEU!" said he, rising, "you come in the nick of time, gentlemen. I was just beginning the soup, and you will dine with me."
"Oh, oh!" said D'Artagnan, "Mousqueton has not caught these bottles with his lasso. Besides, here is a piquant FRICANDEAU and a fillet of beef."
"I am recruiting myself," said Porthos, "I am recruiting myself. Nothing weakens a man more than these devilish strains. Did you ever suffer from a strain, Athos?"
"Never! Though I remember, in our affair of the Rue Ferou, I received a sword wound which at the end of fifteen or eighteen days produced the same effect."
"No," said Porthos, "I expected some gentlemen of the neighborhood, who have just sent me word they could not come. You will take their places and I shall not lose by the exchange. HOLA, Mousqueton, seats, and order double the bottles!"
"PARDIEU!" replied D'Artagnan, "for my part, I am eating veal garnished with shrimps and vegetables."
"What could I do?" said Porthos. "This horse made my visitors ashamed of theirs, and I don't like to humiliate people."
"Still," replied Porthos. "And, my faith, the governor of the province--one of the gentlemen I expected today--seemed to have such a wish for him, that I gave him to him."
"My God, yes, GAVE, that is the word," said Porthos; "for the animal was worth at least a hundred and fifty louis, and the stingy fellow would only give me eighty."
And then commenced a roar of laughter in which they all joined, to the astonishment of poor Porthos; but when he was informed of the cause of their hilarity, he shared it vociferously according to his custom.
"Well, for my part," said Athos, "I found Aramis's Spanish wine so good that I sent on a hamper of sixty bottles of it in the wagon with the lackeys. That has weakened my purse."
"And I," said Aramis, "imagined that I had given almost my last sou to the church of Montdidier and the Jesuits of Amiens, with whom I had made engagements which I ought to have kept. I have ordered Masses for myself, and for you, gentlemen, which will be said, gentlemen, for which I have not the least doubt you will be marvelously benefited."
"And I," said Porthos, "do you think my strain cost me nothing?-- without reckoning Mousqueton's wound, for which I had to have the surgeon twice a day, and who charged me double on account of that foolish Mousqueton having allowed himself a ball in a part which people generally only show to an apothecary; so I advised him to try never to get wounded there any more."
"Ay, ay!" said Athos, exchanging a smile with D'Artagnan and Aramis, "it is very clear you acted nobly with regard to the poor lad; that is like a good master."
"In short," said Porthos, "when all my expenses are paid, I shall have, at most, thirty crowns left."
"Well, then it appears that we are the Croesuses of the society. How much have you left of your hundred pistoles, D'Artagnan.?"
"Well, of the four horses of our lackeys we will make two for the masters, for which we will draw lots. With the four hundred livres we will make the half of one for one of the unmounted, and then we will give the turnings out of our pockets to D'Artagnan, who has a steady hand, and will go and play in the first gaming house we come to. There!"
The friends, at ease with regard to the future, did honor to the repast, the remains of which were abandoned to Mousqueton, Bazin, Planchet, and Grimaud.
On arriving in Paris, D'Artagnan found a letter from M. de Treville, which informed him that, at his request, the king had promised that he should enter the company of the Musketeers.
As this was the height of D'Artagnan's worldly ambition--apart, be it well understood, from his desire of finding Mme. Bonacieux--he ran, full of joy, to seek his comrades, whom he had left only half an hour before, but whom he found very sad and deeply preoccupied. They were assembled in council at the residence of Athos, which always indicated an event of some gravity. M. de Treville had intimated to them his Majesty's fixed intention to open the campaign on the first of May, and they must immediately prepare their outfits.
The four philosophers looked at one another in a state of bewilderment. M. de Treville never jested in matters relating to discipline.
"Oh, we can scarcely say. We have made our calculations with Spartan economy, and we each require fifteen hundred livres."
"It seems to me," said D'Artagnan, "with a thousand livres each-- I do not speak as a Spartan, but as a procurator--"
"Well, that's something, for I have not the shadow of one," said Athos cooly; "but as to D'Artagnan, gentlemen, the idea of belonging to OURS has driven him out of his senses. A thousand livres! For my part, I declare I want two thousand."
"Four times two makes eight," then said Aramis; "it is eight thousand that we want to complete our outfits, toward which, it is true, we have already the saddles."
"Besides," said Athos, waiting till D'Artagnan, who went to thank Monsieur de Treville, had shut the door, "besides, there is that beautiful ring which beams from the finger of our friend. What the devil! D'Artagnan is too good a comrade to leave his brothers in embarrassment while he wears the ransom of a king on his finger."
Within the short and scary Reign of Phil, George Saunders deals his so much boldly innovative fiction but.
In a profoundly unusual nation known as internal Horner, big enough for just one resident at a time, voters ready to go into the rustic fall less than the guideline of the power-hungry and tyrannical Phil, environment off a sequence of injustice and mass hysteria.
An Animal Farm for the twenty first century, this can be an incendiary political satire of unparalleled mind's eye, spiky humor, and cautionary appreciation for the hysteric in every person. Over six years within the writing, and brilliantly and fantastically packaged, this novella is Saunders&apos; first stand-alone, book-length work--and his first publication for adults in 5 years.
In dying IN VENICE, an aged, well-known, and prosperous author named Aschenbach is going on holiday. He turns into thinking about Tadzio, a tender youngster who's staying along with his kinfolk at Aschenbach&apos;s resort. As his obsession grows, and regardless of warnings plague is threatening Venice, Aschenbach is still on the lodge hoping to make a reference to the elusive Tadzio.
In his so much formidable novel so far, Phillips creates a stunning kaleidoscope of ancient fiction, one who illuminates the darkish legacy of Europe&apos;s obsession with race and blood. on the heart of the character of Blood is a tender girl, a Nazi loss of life camp survivor, devastated via the lack of everybody she loves.
Brandon nyr-Arkad, the Emperor&apos;s scapegrace youngest son, defies protocol and evades a ceremonial accountability, a defiance punishable via demise. unique.
The ZW Series is a genuine woman-specific road bike series. As with all of our Fit Woman® products, the goal of Felt’s ZW was to address the specific needs of female cyclists from both an engineering and anatomical perspective, along with improving performance. Many manufacturers introduce women’s bikes by changing components and graphics to visually distinguish them from men’s models. Felt started the entire engineering process from scratch on the ZW series, from the carbon lay-up on up.
The ZW features a longer wheelbase for enhanced stability. There are more cockpit positioning choices. The sloping top tube provides superior stand-over clearance for climbing and sprinting with improved vertical compliance.
Those design features contribute to the ZW’s overall ride quality, but to truly optimize a bike for women, and to address every anatomical detail, every angle and dimension of the frame was scrutinized. Because a woman’s body has distinctly different proportions than a man’s, simply making a smaller frame is not an effective solution. Essentially, Felt reverse-engineered the geometry to achieve the desired fit. The ZW material lay-up is customized to improve performance and features such women-specific qualities as smaller diameter tubing, thinner tube walls and shorter frame intersections.
As with everything that Felt engineers, the ZW is focused on performance. Over the last three years, the ExergyTWENTY16 Pro Women’s Cycling Team has ridden the ZW to numerous victories in some of the most prestigious races in the world. The ZW is stiff enough for unfettered performance; light enough to fly over hills, and compliant enough to ride all day.
Felt’s Fit Woman UHC Performance MMC carbon fiber frame offers an unparalled combination of both performance and comfort. This is the same frame ridden by members of Exergy TWENTY16. A combination of SRAM Rival and Apex components includes a compact crank and wide-spaced cassette for plenty of gear options on the flats and in the hills. Finally, we...
The ZW5 is a women’s-specific bike through-and-through. Not only are the frame and fork specifically engineered for women, so are the handlebar, stem and lightweight saddle. A 20-speed Shimano 105 drivetrain means the shifting will always be crisp and precise. Whether your plan is to ride on your own, participate in centuries or do your first race,...
The ZW85 is the best-equipped of our aluminum women’s-specific road bikes. It is perfect for riders looking for a step up in performance. The frame is built from our Custom Butted 6061 aluminum for lightweight performance and is paired with a carbon fiber fork for a light and responsive ride. Women’s-specific components include a short-reach...
The ZW95 is a terrific value among women’s-specific road bikes and is ideal for newer riders. The frame is built from our Custom Butted 6061 aluminum to give a responsive yet comfortable ride while the carbon fiber fork ensures precise handling. Women’s-specific components include a short-reach bar, saddle and forged stem. Parts highlights in...
The ZW100 is our most affordable women’s-specific road bike and is packed with great features. The frame is built from our Custom Butted 6061 aluminum for lightweight performance and unlike other bikes in this price range, even features a carbon fiber fork. Women’s-specific components include a short-reach bar, saddle and forged stem. Parts h...
Vanguard agents are a family, and rally together to form one of the most dedicated, connected and informed networks in our industry. Each bringing individual personalities and talents, this diverse and dedicated band of brothers and sisters has one goal in mind: perfecting the real estate experience for their clients.
To find an agent who best suits your needs, we invite you to review our professional roster below. Or give us a call, and we will help you find just the right agent.
Search By Language All Arabic Cantonese English Farsi French German Greek Hebrew Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Mandarin Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Russian Spanish Urdu Vietnamese Yiddish
Smith has been bothered by a sore Achilles tendon for much of the season. The seven-year veteran has missed several practices, but started all 12 games and is second on the team with three interceptions.
For the Lions, offensive tackle Rick Wagner was carted off the field in the second quarter and did not return, and defensive end Cornelius Washington left in the third quarter with a shoulder injury.
Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor hurt his left knee in his team’s 23-3 loss to New England. Taylor continued playing despite being hurt on the first series.
”He was in pain. You could see it on his face Colton Schmidt Jersey , the expressions he was making,” running back LeSean McCoy said. ”It shows you a true warrior.”
Tre’Davious White was being evaluated for a concussion after he was struck by Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski while lying on the ground after Buffalo’s rookie first-round pick intercepted Brady’s pass with 4:50 remaining.
”That’s just dirty football. There’s nowhere in our game for that,” Bills safety Micah Hyde said. ”I don’t know if it was a shoulder, elbow Cordy Glenn Jersey , I’m not sure what it was. That was dirty.”
”I’m not in the business of that. It was a lot of frustration,” he said. ”I just want to apologize to Tre’Davious White. I don’t really believe in those type of shots.”
Tight end C.J. Fiedorowicz went out in the second quarter and didn’t return after being evaluated for a concussion. Receiver Braxton Miller and running back Alfred Blue also suffered concussions. Cornerback Johnathan Joseph was ruled out just after halftime with an injured shoulder. Receiver Bruce Ellington also couldn’t finish against Tennessee with an injured hamstring.
Bears linebacker Pernell McPhee suffered a shoulder injury on the game’s opening drive and defensive end Mitch Unrein (knee) was hurt in the second quarter against San Francisco.
Vikings tight end David Morgan went out in the first quarter against Atlanta with a concussion. Falcons guard Andy Levitre sustained a triceps injury in the first quarter and didn’t return.
Dolphins center Mike Pouncey left against Denver in the fourth quarter with a hamstring injury and cornerback Cordrea Tankersley left with an injured shoulder, returned and departed again because of an ankle injury.
Chiefs center Mitch Morse was carted to the locker room with a foot injury. Zach Fulton replaced him and Bryan Witzmann took over Fulton’s spot at left guard in Kansas City’s 38-31 loss to the Jets.
Packers inside linebacker Jake Ryan left in the fourth quarter against Tampa Bay with a neck injury.
Colts center Mike Person, playing in place of starter Ryan Kelly (concussion) Jerry Hughes Jersey , limped off the field in the fourth quarter against Jacksonville. Cornerback Pierre Desir (left shoulder) left in the first half and did not return.
Browns tight end Randall Telfer was evaluated for a possible concussion during the game against the Chargers. Defensive lineman Danny Shelton injured his wrist, apparently during the second half, and rookie defensive back Jabrill Peppers injured his knee in the second half.
Rams linebacker Alec Ogletree left against Arizona in the first half with an elbow injury and did not return.
Prices 2019 - Dang Matt Smith Net Worth, Dangmattsmith's net worth, salary & earnings for 2017 - 2018, Scroll below and go to the next page to see our most recent 2017 and 2018 estimated net worth for as well as 's estimated 2017 earnings, income, and salary!. Dangmattsmith - bio, facts, family | famous birthdays, He launched his dangmattsmith channel in august of 2011, initially starting off as a vlogger before finding his calling with chatroulette and omegle videos. trivia. he stopped posting original content to vine in november of 2015 and had earned about 60,000 followers by that time. family life. he is from los angeles, california and has three brothers.. Dangmattsmith net worth, Dangmattsmith was bornon june 7, 1999 in american, is youtube star. dangmattsmith is a youtube personality, who is mostly known for his. net worth 2018 is..
Dangmattsmith net worth, bio & body measurements, The wealth figures and net worth posted above have been collected from credible online sources and websites. however, there are so many factors that affect a celebrity’s net worth , such as taxes, management fees, investments or losses, marriage, divorce, etc.. Dangmattsmith - bio, age, height, weight, net worth, facts, Dangmattsmith can’t stand when ketchup is only in one spot, you have to squeeze it all over the french fries. he hates to wake up early. matt used to work at a movie theatre.. Dangmattsmith, Dangmattsmith represent dangmattsmith with some shirts! http:youtubedangmattsmith. Dangmattsmith | wikitubia | fandom powered by wikia, Matt smith, better known online as dangmattsmith, is an american youtuber who lives in los angeles, california. matt currently has over 6.8 million subscribers and over 960 million views as of october, 2018..
Prices 2019 - Geo Math Program, Geoboard by the math learning center, Geoboard is a tool for exploring a variety of mathematical topics introduced in the elementary and middle grades. learners stretch bands around the pegs to form line segments and polygons and make discoveries about perimeter, area, angles, congruence, fractions, and more.. Geogebra math software - a review - interactive mathematics, Geogebra math software - a review by murray bourne , 19 feb 2015 geogeobra is an intelligent graphing software that allows the user to interactively explore 2d and 3d cartesian & euclidean geometry - as well as calculus.. Pa core standards for mathematics curriculum framework, Pa core standards for mathematics curriculum framework geometry 1 oct 2016 grade big idea essential questions concepts competencies standard eligible.
"math connections" is an after-school math program in toronto. it's all about finding the connections between math and music, art, memes, dinosaurs. math and everything! here is our end of school year 2017-2018 math review and comparison of what we used for our 6 year old 1st grader. i forgot to mention a few points
Math enrichment summer program - activityhero, Math enrichment is an independent summer program for students entering into kindergarten through grade 12. we combine fun field trips and activities throug. Math - adventist education, Overview go math! is a comprehensive grade k-6 mathematics program developed to support the common core state standards for mathematics and the nctm curriculum focal points. the program emphasizes essential questions and big ideas with depth of understanding as the goal.. The geometer's sketchpad - official site, Key curriculum press hosts an ongoing series of free sketchpad webinars on a variety of mathematical topics. sketchpad wins bessie the geometer's sketchpad won a 2010 computed award for best educational software in the category of high school math tools.. Using geoboards in primary mathematics, 30 apmc 13 (2) 2008 how can geoboards be used in teaching? the geoboard is versatile and can be used at all levels for teaching and learning about different areas of mathematics..
Gaming Insurrection has uploaded a new Editor’s Weekly Podcast! We’re discussing two recent releases in the fighting game genre: Mortal Kombat and Marvel vs. Capcom 3. Listen using our embedded player or download it for on the go from the podcasts page.
We’re also including Episode 21 in this post because it wasn’t announced as usual. Its theme is Worst Games Ever Played. You can also listen to it here or download it from the podcasts page.
In a reversal of a published story this quarter in GI, NetherRealm Studios has announced the Mortal Kombat Arcade Kollection for later this summer.
The actual collection, a downloadable title, will feature MK1, MKII and Ultimate MK3 and will be released for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC. Other features included are online play for the three games, leaderboards and support for Achievements and Trophies.
A tournament stick will be released. The Klassic arcade stick, from Performance Designed Products, will retail for $129.99 at GameStop and will include a download token for the collection. PDP released the companion tournament controller for the recent Mortal Kombat, the reboot of the series from NetherRealm, the new studio led by Mortal Kombat co-creator Ed Boon.
GI recently published a story in its Retro Game Corner section for 2Q2011 that focused on the rumors of an HD collection being released in the near future. The collection comes on the heels of MKII being removed from the PlayStation Network and Ultimate MK3 being removed from Xbox Live Arcade.
Welcome to First Impressions No. 3. This is a feature focusing on games that we’re trying for the first time and our immediate knee-jerk reaction. Be prepared for some interesting feedback on old and not-so-old games.﻿
In the interest of full disclosure, I will say this from the beginning: I used to be a serious Mortal Kombat enthusiast. Mortal Kombat is and was the first series I got heavily into way back when in the 1990s. If you follow GI regularly, there’s lots of references to my past with the MK series strewn over the site.
I fell in love with the series in 1993 with the release of the second game. That’s partially why there’s a tournament going on here at GI. MKII sucked me in with interesting story, characters and gameplay that I’d never really given a thought to before. I wasn’t playing Street Fighter II and it didn’t appeal to me as much. But as time progressed and I grew up, my feelings about the quality of the series diminished. The high point for me was probably MK3/Ultimate MK3/Trilogy. Afterward, nothing particularly warrants any play for me. Until now.
When I first heard about the MK reboot, I was severely skeptical. I had been burned by the awful movie sequel, and the fourth through seventh games weren’t good and had gotten away from what it meant to be Mortal Kombat. It had several objectives I felt needed to be completed for me to even begin playing it: The first was to recapture the feel of Mortal Kombat; the second was to get rid of the cartoony distractions; and the third was to update the gameplay to the level of modern-day fighting games. Mortal Kombat has had some growing pains to be sure but I’m happy to say I’m in love again.
The first thing I noticed about the game was the level of detail. MK is gorgeous. The fighters get progressively worse as they’re battered about and it’s surprisingly well done. The gore is unbelievable, and that’s saying a lot even for Mortal Kombat. It goes a long way that the originator of gore has updated in a tasteful way one of the many things that made it famous. Now, my feelings about Dan Forden’s soundtrack are still out. I haven’t heard much of anything in the game yet and since this is preliminary, I may or may not care for it. Forden is one of my favorite game music composers, having gained my ardor with Mortal Kombat II. I’m anxious to see what he came up with for the reboot in terms of new and remixed compositions.
Looking at the controls, I am impressed. As someone who has consciously avoided the series for five games, it felt like old hat to pick up the game and jump right into doing moves. No changing of moves for the sake of changing moves to be different. No random move sets that don’t make sense for characters. To put it another way, Scorpion feels like Scorpion. Kitana feels and plays like she did in Ultimate. Everything felt comfortable and fluid once I got a little used to the new timing. The mistakes of MK4, Deadly Alliance and Deception have been rectified for me. I was ready to take it back if Scorpion’s moveset had been changed again; it was that crucial that he be playable and familiar.
My biggest question about the game’s lineage was answered, however: Does Mortal Kombat recapture the feeling of old? Yes. Everything I loved about the first three games is present but updated. It’s as if Netherrealm had to throw off the shackles of Midway to make the Mortal Kombat sequel that should have been made nearly 20 years ago.
I couldn’t help but notice the combination of its past and hopeful future. The graphics are easily on par with Tekken 5/Dark Resurrection/6 – a benchmark in video game graphics, in my opinion – but still retain the MK feel. The music, from what little I’ve heard, is remixed in some places but entirely new in others. The characters are all combatants that appeared in the first three games; no one after except for Quan Chi has made appearance yet. Though I realize that it can be argued that Quan Chi was a central behind-the-scenes character of MK1 that hadn’t been realized yet. Also, the gameplay feels like Ultimate MK3 updated without a Run button.
All of this adds up to a feeling of coming home with MK. I feel this is the game that I should have been playing in 2002 when I was desperate to hang on to my nostalgic love for the series. If you’re an old-school MK player like myself, don’t hesitate to buy it. It is quite possibly one of the best reboots ever achieved in video games.
You know, it isn’t enough that arcades have fallen off the face of the earth. No, we’ve got to get personal by throwing in beautiful accessories that mimic that once-in-a-lifetime experience of going to the arcades in our homes.
You used to be able to head out to your local gathering hole of smoke-filled debauchery where young men and women used to grope machines until they had their fill. I often wondered what an arcade crime feature would play out like when I had downtime away from the games that soaked up my young imagination and spit out a seasoned gamer. Nowadays … there is no place to head out to, unless you count GameStop, and that doesn’t really count.
GameStop is a retailer, and an annoying one at that. Having spent time receiving household income from them makes my dislike meter go way up, but that’s another story for another time. What we’re here to talk about is the demise of the arcades, and why someone let this travesty occur.
If I could take a time-traveling machine back to any point in my life that has already happened, it would be to when various family members were still alive and when I was able to traverse the wild of Decker Boulevard to Aladdin’s Castle in what used to be Columbia Mall in Columbia, S.C. Today, that spot is just a memory and grease-hole food court in the chameleon Columbia Place. Some jump-off no-name restaurant that I refuse to patronize – probably a Subway – occupies the spot where my dreams of becoming a social gamer were made, where I spent far too much money and where I learned how to kill a man digitally. It was there I made the leap from kiddie to big time, from a childlike innocence of Ski-ball to simulated murder-death-kill mode with Mortal Kombat II.
I held my 11th birthday party there in 1992, and the same year attended a bubblegum blowing contest held on a Saturday afternoon. Managing to blow the equivalent of $50 in tokens on Smash TV was the highlight of my life or so I thought. It wasn’t until later in the year when I first heard the words “Finish Him!” bellowing across the room that I even noticed there were more things to do than collect tickets. Then there was Kombat. After that, there was nothing else to do but play games against sweaty, hot young men – more than enough for my pre-teen hormone-fueled mind to handle. It was a good time to be female and a teenager. There was no shortage of guys to flirt with and, despite never getting dates, I always thought of the weekends and weeknights spent crowded around MK1 and MK2 as a good time.
Once life hits you in the stomach and takes your money like a bully on the playground, you start to realize a couple of things.
First, you don’t have time to run to the arcade like you used to. There’s homework to be done, projects to take care of, significant others to pay attention to. Then, there’s jobs. And once you acquire that newfangled thing called employment, there goes any kind of free time you will ever want to have.
Second, the need to go out is replaced by the significantly improved equipment you’ve got laying around the house. Why go to the arcade and drop $5 when you have a $300 machine sitting in your living room that basically is a miniature version of that? Eventually, that machine will pay for itself and the gas money you’ve spent and the money you’ve lost getting your ass kicked by some pimply faced snot-nosed brat with the same thing in his bedroom.
Finally, I’m not getting any younger. The hand and eye coordination is nowhere near what it used to be. Thus, I’m getting old and I’m in no mood to deal with what comes with aging and losing. My expiration date came up a long time ago.
But then I say to myself, “Lyndsey, stop it. You know better and it doesn’t matter how old you are.” And then I look up, and arcades are gone. Suddenly, I remember the doors being shut across the country, the once-thriving scene of machine dens relegated to movie theaters and back-alley parlors. And there are tears in my eyes because it wasn’t supposed to come to this. It’s not supposed to end like this.
There should be a place I can take my kids and show them that mama and daddy once roamed through here, making friends and learning etiquette along the way. It’s also the place where we met, a common ground that became something special because of our shared interest. But I can’t. And I won’t because by the time they’re old enough to understand, there will be nothing left. Not a brick of memory, but just a solitary ethernet cable sitting by their crib waiting to plug in and reach out to punch someone over Xbox Live.
Gaming Insurrection is generally behind the curve when it comes to playing the latest titles, even if they are favorites.
Case in point: We just acquired Tekken 6 for Xbox 360, about a full year after it was released. I’m not traditionally a Tekken player but Associate Editor Jamie is. I owned Tekken Tag and Tekken 4 when we met and I bought Tekken 5 for him when it was released for the PS2 in 2005. You could say we love Tekken in our household.
When Tekken first hit the scene in 1994, I heartily ignored it. That was a mistake that I concede now, but I paid no attention to Namco’s signature brawler. I was heavily engrossed with Mortal Kombat and I wish I hadn’t been.
I would have learned how to play, took the time to learn to combo system and paid more attention to the storyline. Tekkne had style even back then with its blocky polygonal plastic graphics. The music wasn’t too much of anything special but it had a certain style to it that other games at the time, such as Street Fighter, were missing.
I dismissed the first game and barely acknowledged the second game until the third game came out. The only reason why I noticed Tekken 3 was because the guy I was dating at the time was into it and had to have it for his PlayStation. It was all he talked about, so I figured after two years I needed to see what the hoopla was about. I bought the game as a college freshman in 1999 and attempted to play it. I spent six months just messing around in training mode before I even made it to the arcade mode. By then, Tekken Tag had been released. It was then that I decided that I would never be a serious Tekken player. I know just enough with four or five characters to be able to bluff my way through a match and be dangerous, but nothing concrete enough to be good by any stretch of the imagination. I actually prefer to watch others play and soak up the Tekken atmosphere.
In the 10 years that I have watched the game, I’ve learned a few things. The first is that Tekken is a game about basics. That is, if you don’t have the basics down, you will never “get it.” You will never be good at the game, no matter how much you play against people or read FAQs, if you don’t understand how the series’ engine works. The second is that Tekken is a game about skill. To be truly good at it, you need to be innovative with combos and you need to have the core system down to a science. The third is if you hadn’t started with the first two games in the series, you will not do well. You need to have knowledge of the early days of Tekken or an uncanny knowledge of fighting games in general to be able to start with the series in three and after and do well at all. As I came to understand, I couldn’t just pick up three and start from there.
Despite not being able to play the game well, I do enjoy Tekken. I appreciate it for what it’s done for the genre. I think of Tekken as the forefather of style in fighting games, a series as much about how it looks and sounds as it plays. While you’ll never see me enter tournaments or do a Game Night match for any Tekken game, I do play the game from time to time. I’m actually good at the minigames, such as Tekken Beach Ball and especially Tekken Bowl. Because Tekken Force is tied into the fighting portion of the series, I tend to stay away from it in any version that it shows up. While I’m watching Tekken matches, I tend to listen to the music or pick up new details about the backgrounds that I hadn’t noticed before.
The best part of Tekken, for me so far, has been the soundtrack. I am an avid fan of the series sound direction and it’s customary for me to find the soundtrack for a new version. Chances are there is something on it that I will like. On each soundtrack I have my favorites that stick out as the “Tekken sound.” My favorite overall is Tekken Tag and Tekken 5 runs a close second. I’d be remiss in not mentioning that the Tekken 4 and 5 soundtracks grew on me after hearing them so much courtesy of the “Prince of the Iron Fist” that I live with. My partner is a Tekken player and was for some time before I met him, so Tekken gets much love in our home.
With the announcement of Tekken Tag 2 and Tekken vs. Street Fighter, you can be assured someone at Gaming Insurrection will be playing or listening to one of the best fighting game series ever made.
Tekken Tag: Unknown (arcade and home), School, Hwoarang , Jin, Staff Roll, Ogre, Character Select, Result, Continue, Yoshimitsu, Strike
The live-action Mortal Kombat trailer was sick! I was nearly moved to tears to see my favorite fighting game franchise rise from the ashes and blow minds like that. I am so impressed with everything: I loved the new backstories, the introduction to key characters from MK2 (my favorite in the series), the acting, the fight scenes … everything.
I have said since MK4 that the series really needed to move back to its roots completely to get back to the awesomeness that was MK’s early days and this looks like the way to go. Way to go MK team! Even if this is just a teaser for MK: Devastation (I don’t think it is, but there’s hope), I don’t care: It still looked awesome. The production values were high and the attention to character backgrounds was GREAT. I liked that they explained what made the characters who they were and I could easily identify who was who. I’m guessing it’s going to start with MK2, which is a good thing.
Kudos again, MK team! For the first time in a long time I’m excited about the direction of the series. For a longtime fan who disliked all later entries starting with MK4, this is a welcome return home.
The editors at Gaming Insurrection will periodically put together a video of the group gathering to play some of our favorite games for various systems. We enjoy video games and we think our readers will enjoy watching us play, too. As with our other videos, we will post the new videos here and at our YouTube channel.
In the sixth episode, Lyndsey and Jamie make their way back from a beach trip in search of arcades. The search gets mixed reviews from the editors. You can watch the episode below or on our Youtube user site: GamingInsurrection.
Gaming Insurrection is back with a new episode of the Gaming Insurrection Show. Join us as we play Marvel vs. Capcom for the Sega Dreamcast.
In this episode of the GI Show, Associate Editor Jamie Mosley and Contributing Editor Marcus Barnes have a little competition in the classic Capcom fighting game MvC. Editor Lyndsey M. Mosley provides commentary and films. You can watch the video here or on our YouTube channel.
What we’ve said in the past Select Month July 2015 January 2014 April 2013 January 2013 August 2012 April 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 July 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 July 2008 April 2008 March 2008
For a kid with arthritis or a similar , lack of know-how at the a part of the oldsters is among the greatest hindrances to restoration. mom and dad don't consistently know the way to interpret the court cases voiced through their young ones and this is often compounded via the inexperience of physicians, who hardly ever deal with childrens with those illnesses. during this marvelously down-to-earth advisor, Dr. Thomas Lehman--the head of 1 of the top pediatric rheumatology courses within the world--offers a gold mine of specialist recommendation that's helpful either for fogeys whose teenagers have rheumatic issues and for folks of youngsters with court cases, soreness, or incapacity who're no longer getting the solutions they wish from their health professional. utilizing easy analogies and illustrative anecdotes to light up hard-to-grasp innovations, Dr. Lehman is helping mom and dad interpret their kid's lawsuits and to figure out even if clinical realization is required. much more very important, the ebook explains to folks how you can keep on with via with a doctor and ensure their baby gets the ideal assessments, the correct prognosis, and finally, the simplest care attainable. The e-book explains to oldsters what indicators to appear for, what inquiries to ask, and what to anticipate whilst therapy starts. It sheds mild on a variety of rheumatic disorders--including Juvenile Arthritis, Lyme affliction, Lupus, Kawasaki illness, Fibromyalgia, and persistent Fatigue Syndrome--and it addresses such the most important issues as drug protection, the aptitude hazards to young children posed by way of medicinal drugs, medical insurance difficulties, the trouble of relatives existence whilst a baby has a protracted ailment, and lots more and plenty extra. the single booklet in this topic at the moment to be had, A Parent's consultant to Rheumatic ailments in kids captures the services of a committed surgeon with over thirty years of hands-on event assisting little ones lead common chuffed lives. it is going to assist you to make sure that your baby achieves the very best final result.
Download e-book for kindle: Acupuncture, Trigger Points and Musculoskeletal Pain, 3rd by Peter Baldry
Assessment of Rheumatology is a synopsis of key parts of curiosity, making for an crucial quickly reference paintings. the cloth integrated stories easy musculoskeletal anatomy, immunology, genetics, significant rheumatic illnesses and their pathophysiology, and significant rheumatic therapeutics, in addition to a different bankruptcy at the rising autoinflammatory ailments.
Download e-book for iPad: Die Neutral-0-Methode: Mit Längen- und Umfangsmessung by Georg Freiherr von Salis-Soglio
These terms and conditions (the “Terms of Use”) govern and apply to your use of and/or reliance upon this and any website maintained by Gilead Sciences Canada, Inc., including its wholly owned subsidiaries and successors (together, referred to as “Gilead”). Access and/or use of this Gilead website are subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws, statutes, and/or regulations. Gilead may revise the Terms of Use from time to time without further notice by updating this posting. It is your responsibility to determine whether any changes have been made by checking the date of the “Last Update” at the bottom of this document as the then-current version of the Terms of Use shall apply to that visit. Gilead also reserves the right to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Gilead website at any time without notice, but confirms that it has no duty to do so. Gilead may, at any time without notice or liability, and for any reason whatsoever, terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this website, including removing, adding, modifying, or changing the availability of, restricting access to, or imposing limits on any or all features on, or links to, this website. Gilead and its service providers will also have the right to terminate your use of this website if you are in breach of the Terms of Use. This Gilead website is intended for Canadian audiences only. Your access or use of this Gilead website indicates your acceptance of the then-current Terms of Use, and your representation that you are at least the age of majority in your jurisdiction. By accessing or using this Gilead website, you agree on your own behalf, and on behalf of any entity on whose behalf you may act, to accept and abide by the Terms of Use for each use of and each visit to this Gilead website. If you do not agree to abide by the Terms of Use, you must not access or use this Gilead website. You may not use this website in any matter that is illegal or that infringes upon the legal rights of any person.
Gilead will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Gilead website, but all information is provided “AS IS.” Gilead and its directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, and affiliates (“Gilead Representatives”) make no warranties, representations, covenants, or conditions as to the accuracy of information presented on this Gilead website and disclaim all warranties, representations, covenants, and conditions, express or implied, including any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement to the full extent permitted by applicable law.
In addition, any information presented on this Gilead website as of a particular date may only be accurate as of such date and Gilead and Gilead Representatives disclaim any responsibility to update such information. Gilead and Gilead Representatives shall not be held responsible for any action taken that is based on the information presented on this Gilead website, and all users of this Gilead website agree that all access and use of this Gilead website, and any and all content presented on this Gilead website, is at the user’s own risk.
Any communication or material you transmit to Gilead via this Gilead website or Internet electronic mail (“Communications”) is transmitted by you on a non-confidential basis. Gilead makes no promise, express or implied, not to use such Communications for any purpose whatsoever, including reproduction, publication, broadcast and posting and you grant Gilead a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, unrestricted, non-exclusive, worldwide right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display and otherwise exploit the Communications or any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques associated with the Communications for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, using any form, media or technology now known or later developed, without providing compensation to you or anyone else, without any liability whatsoever, and free from any obligation of confidence or other duties on the part of Gilead or its successors or assigns, and you agree, represent and warrant that you shall waive all moral rights (including the right to be associated with the Communications) in the Communications upon their transmission to Gilead.
This Gilead website does not, and is not intended to, provide medical advice, nor does it provide instruction on the appropriate use of any product produced or supplied by Gilead, its affiliates, related companies, or its licensors or joint venture partners. Information on this Gilead website regarding any product(s) approved for marketing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Health Canada-approved full prescribing information for the specific product(s). Users of this Gilead website should be aware that any product(s) under development described herein have not been found safe or effective by any regulatory agency and are not approved for any use outside of clinical trials. The information presented on this Gilead website should not be interpreted or construed in any way as a replacement or substitution for medical advice provided by your doctor or healthcare provider. It is important that you discuss your treatment options and any questions that you may have with your doctor or healthcare provider.
This Gilead website may contain information, news, and/or press releases, the content of which is accurate or current only as of the date of the particular information, news, press release, or posting. Gilead does not update press releases once they have been made public.
The Gilead company name and logo, and all product names, regardless of whether or not they appear in large print or with a trademark symbol, are trademarks of Gilead, its affiliates, related companies, or its licensors or joint venture partners, unless otherwise noted. Use, reproduction, copying, or redistribution of these trademarks without the written permission of Gilead is prohibited.
The entire content of this Gilead website, including any images or text, is protected by copyright. In consideration for your agreement to the Terms of Use, Gilead grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use this Gilead website. You may access and use material from this Gilead website only for personal, non-commercial use, and this Gilead website may not be copied, distributed, downloaded, modified, reused, reposted, or otherwise exploited except as provided herein without the express written permission of Gilead. It is the policy of Gilead to enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent permitted under law. The use or misuse of these trademarks, copyrights, or other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, communications regulations and statutes, and other laws, statutes, and/or regulations.
This Gilead website may include hyperlinks to websites maintained or controlled by others. Gilead is not responsible for and does not routinely screen, approve, review or endorse the contents of or use of any of the products or services that may be offered at these websites.
By accessing this Gilead website, you agree that this agreement is formed in the Province of Ontario, Canada, and that all matters relating hereto shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
Any dispute between you and Gilead or any other person (including any Gilead Representative) arising from, in connection with or relating to this Gilead website, the Terms of Use, any activity in relation to this Gilead website or any related matter must be resolved before the Courts of the Province of Ontario, Canada sitting in the City of Toronto, and you hereby irrevocably submit and attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of those Courts in respect of any such dispute.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms of Use or portion thereof to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Terms of Use, and the remainder of the Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect.
The provisions of the Terms of Use will enure to the benefit of and be binding upon Gilead and any service providers, as applicable, and their respective successors and assigns, and you and your heirs, executors, administrators, successors and personal representatives. You may not assign the Terms of Use or your rights and the Terms of Use.
The Terms of Use (including the Gilead Privacy Statement at www.truvada.ca/privacy-policy) constitute the entire agreement between Gilead and you with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all communications, representations or agreements, either oral or written, between Gilead and you with respect to this subject matter. In the case of any conflict between the Gilead Privacy Statement and the Terms of Use, the Gilead Privacy Statement, as applicable, shall govern.
You agree to have the Terms of Use and any related information made available to you, and to otherwise have communications between you and Gilead occur electronically.
PrTRUVADA®, HARVONI®, HEPSERA® and VIREAD® are registered trademarks of Gilead Sciences, Inc. or its related companies. © 2016 Gilead Sciences Canada, Inc. All rights reserved.
The best way to express oneself... created by the humanity is...Dance! Yoo Myung-in, who never stood out, now goes on stage! Original Webtoon
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_column_text]Having trouble finding the parts you need? Please fill out the form below or give us call. Our dedicated staff will be more than happy to help you find what you need with our extensive refurbished parts network and many years of experience.
Process & Machinery Control is not affiliated in any way with the original manufacturers listed on this site. Designated trademarks, brand names, and brand logos are the property of their respective owners.
Disclaimer: 4-hentai.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older.
If it is very red and swollen, it may be infected and should be evaluated by a physician immediately. If the toe on one side looks bigger than the one on the other but the child is not complaining, squeeze it gently. Often the toe is tender and the child will pull the foot away. If that happens, gently take the foot in your hand and squeeze just behind where the toe attaches to the foot. If that is also tender, it suggests arthritis. Pain due to bleeding under the toenail, known as tennis toe, is most commonly an injury in older children but may occur in younger children whose shoes are too small.
The chronic slippage should be evident on X-ray. In uncertain or difﬁcult cases, an MRI may be useful to conﬁrm the diagnosis. Orthopedists treat SCFE by putting a pin in the bone to hold the epiphysis in place while the bone heals. If detected and treated early, children with SCFE usually do well. Chronic SCFE that is not promptly treated may result in damage Common causes of pain | 25 to the head of the hip bone (femur). This can result in a permanent limp, difference in the length of the two legs, and early onset of arthritis due to mechanical damage.
There is also concern that children with residual damage from LCP may have persistent mechanical problems that will cause them to have mechanical arthritis of the hip, leading to problems when they become adults. Sickle-cell anemia may cause pain in the bones because of blood vessels being blocked by abnormally shaped red blood cells. This may occur in the blood vessels that supply the hip and result in damage to the femur. When it does, it looks exactly like—and essentially is—LCP. In children with severe sickle-cell anemia, other bones may be damaged also and there may be widespread joint problems.
UMG Spot Light Library > Rheumatology > Download e-book for iPad: A Parent's Guide to Rheumatic Disease in Children by Thomas J.A. Lehman M.D.
Howdy, newbie Flingers! My name is Jennifer Brown, and I'll be one of your bus captains at Austin Fling. I blog at Victory or Death!...in the Garden, and this will be my first Fling too.
I'm organizing a dinner for any interested newbie Flingers for Friday night, May 4th. This dinner would be at your own expense and not covered in your Fling fees, but, hey, dinner is on-your-own that night anyway, so why not spend it with us and let me take care of the deets? I promise we'll have fun, and no one has to eat alone...unless that's your thing!
If you're keen on joining, please RSVP by April 1st. I've got a few "Austin-y" places in mind, but where we end up going will really depend on our numbers.
Also, if you have a friend who's a veteran Flinger and might be interested in joining, please let me know. We may be able to squeeze her/him in!
I can't wait to meet all of you in person, and I hope your first Fling in Austin turns out to be garden-tastic!
Huge thanks to all our sponsors for helping to make Garden Bloggers Fling such a success! Contact us if your business would like to become a Friend of the Fling.
All text and images copyrighted. Unauthorized reproduction prohibited.. Theme images by Jason Morrow. Powered by Blogger.
I'll take you on a short tour of how to prepare the day for chicken slaughter to make everything run as efficiently as possible. (There are no chickens in this video.)
Britax Pinnacle Booster Car Seat Reviews is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Buying Older Cars In The South is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cheap Used Cars For Sale In Bakersfield Ca is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Description: The allocated data traffic of the hosting account for this website has been exceeded and the website is temporarily suspended.
You can login your Hosting Control Panel and use the Upgrades section in order to purchase additional monthly data traffic for your website. Or you can wait till the beginning of the next month when the data traffic counters will be reset and your website will be visible online again.
You can come back and visit this website in the begining of the next month when the allocated data traffic will be reset automatically. Then this website should be working again, unless something else happen to the website and its contents.
SPRI scientists found that approximately 1 out of every 5 articles published in The New England Journal of Medicine and The Journal of the American Medical Association had authors with serious conflicts of interest. Findings were published in the J General Internal Medicine.
When you make a gift to us, you help us advance science and society. All of our researchers are committed to empowering individuals and groups with the knowledge to make informed ethical decisions.
Individual donors and SPRI supporters receive special publications and presentations by our physicians and scientists, and important updates regarding developing programs.
Your Annual Gift sustains our programs and services, supports our researchers and provides us with the resources to reach members of the community.
Helps Promote A Cleaner Community. Our team of scientists are devoted to improving community health through promotion of preventative health programs, reducing pollution, improving sanitation and hygiene and creating healthier workplacess.
Promote International Cooperation The Social Policy Research Institute is committed to facilitating cross-cultrural research. Our Science Affiliates represent nations from around the globe including, India, Bulgaria, Russia, England, Columbia, Canada, Palestine, Israel and The United States. We believe that science can act as a bridge across cultures.
Facilitate Advances in Ethical Biomedical Research In addition, to some recent publications in highly regarded peer-review journals, we will continue illucidating shortfalls in biomedical research and, more importantly, develop solutions which will promote ethical practices and standards.
Advance our Current Knowledge of Gulf War Syndrome With over 70,000 soldiers afflicted by various health problems since the end of the first Gulf War, it is critical that more research be conducted on the etiology and treatment of Gulf War Syndrome. Your generosity will help us continue with our important investigations.
If you have decent network coverage, you're covered. Forget about laying copper or fibre to your door, just plug-in and you're good and ready to go!
LTE-A is the future of fixed wireless connectivity! Aimed at providing affordable high-speed, reliable wireless Internet in areas that don't have DSL or Fibre coverage.
Less downtime and fewer dropped connections on an advanced and highly reliable network infrastructure
With high speed, top-quality Internet access, LTE-A offers the best connectivity even for the most demanding users and applications.
247Online was born in 2017 to assist iBurst clients to retain their @iburst.co.za mail boxes. We are the new kid on the block but have lots of experience through years of delivering internet access and hosting services in South Africa. We are privileged to start the business with a client base and some exciting new products.
Service, Innovation, flexibility, reliability this is what we strive to bring to our clients. We are excited about the future and how we can assist and service our clients and keep them Talking, Surfing and Smiling.
CHECK YOUR COVERAGE - With LTE-A, you are part of a network that is constantly expanding its coverage. Rain’s network already extends across South Africa’s major centres and metropolitan areas, and new sites are added weekly.
It was an amazing experience while I download it first time & they provide quick support... Best of Luck
I have just had great customer service given by Lerato over the phone. She was patient with me in explaining the various packages and broke them down in layman’s terms. Great service, keep it up.
LTE RAIN speed is determined by the external environment around your home and where your router is placed in your home. Our testing achieved on average speeds of 20Mb up and down within the RAIN coverage area.
Yes. You need to produce your ID and proof of address that is less than three months old on application and delivery of your RAIN Sim card.
Yes. Upgrades are immediate. Downgrade requests on or before the 20th of the month will be actioned from the first of the following month. Downgrade requests after the 20th will be actioned a calendar month later.to our more powerful ‘Outdoor’ solution at an additional cost.
In order to upgrade your service we will need to issue you a new sim and cancel the existing sim and associated service. The good news is that Top ups are fast and affordable, only R10 per GB best wireless rate in the market!
Forget everything you know about fixed and mobile networks. Enjoy ‘open access’ to the internet at the best quality and speeds we can deliver.
Besiege is a war machine creation simulator. Do you want to build a flamethrower-propelled helicopter? Or an infernal train with rotating blades on the sides? Or a catapult that catapults more catapults? Then this game, currently on Early Access on Steam, will be right up your alley.
Besiege currently has 15 levels (content will be progressively added) with a straightforward objective: destroy things, be it strongholds, enemies or strategic points. The how' part is entirely up to you.At the beginning of each level you must build a war engine that suits the objective you must fulfill. For instance, if you have to get across a minefield, it might be a good idea to create a mobile tower or go straight for an aircraft. There is no right answer, so just follow your thirst for destruction.From the start, most materials needed to build war machines are at your disposal. Basic elements are available, such as wheels or steering wheels, as well as more advanced ones like pistons, springs... And don't forget the weapons, like flamethrowers, explosives or fireballs.Capturing your atrocious ideas on the game is easy, quick and intuitive. You just have to select the element you want to install on your machine next, and then click wherever you want to put it. If it didn't work out or you want to remodel your creation, you can remove elements, move them, or undo your last actions. Although there isn't a comprehensive tutorial on how to use the machine creation editor, you won't miss it, because the process is very easy. And if you think you have created the ultimate weapon, remember you can save it for future use.We did miss some sort of basic engineering manual to find out exactly what each element of Besiege does. You can always try it out yourself, but it might slow down progress during the first couple of hours, or get on your nerves because you expected to be able to create huge machines right from the start. Besiege's physics system is the other winner. Everything in the game behaves realistically. If your machines catches fire (or you set fire to it yourself, which is more likely), it will be partially destroyed. What little remains will start to get out of control, and all hell breaks loose. It is impossible to get annoyed when that happens, because most of the times you will laugh at your own mistakes on top of learning from them.In that sense, the graphics are very practical: the game only shows the surroundings you can destroy. Forget open worlds or long, empty landscapes. Thanks to this initiative, Besiege works even in some outdated computers.You will become the Leonardo Da Vinci of chaos and destruction (and meddling sheep) once you have mastered the concepts of Besiege. Don't let uncertainty get the best of you: Of course that tower could be even bigger! Sure, you can fit more rotating blades in that car! Go ahead and install a bomb in there, so if everything goes wrong you can self-destruct!Besiege has a long way to go, and yet it has already surpassed many other Early Access Steam games. If you have been rubbing your hands together, stroking your mustache, or laughing evilly while reading this preview, don't wait any longer and try Besiege. Who knows? Maybe in the future your designs will be studied by future war machine creators. '
Department of Mechanical Engineering, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, VA 24061
A series of experiments was conducted to investigate the radiation of fan noise from a supersonic inlet during a simulated aircraft approach. A scaled-down model of an axisymmetric, mixed-compression, supersonic inlet (P-inlet) was used in conjunction with a 10.4 cm (4.1 in) diameter turbofan engine simulator as the noise source. The tests were conducted at an outdoor facility under static conditions. The main goal of the experiment was to reduce the forward radiating fan noise by modifying the auxiliary inlet doors. The modified doors are designed to reduce the inlet distortion to the fan face. In addition, the new door design also uses a converging flow passage in order to take advantage of the noise attenuation due to the choking effect at the auxiliary door. The simulator was tested at 60 percent design speed in an attempt to match the simulator noise source to that of a real aircraft engine on approach. Both aerodynamic and acoustic measurements were taken in the experiments. The results show that when compared to the original design, the modified auxiliary inlet doors reduced the circumferential inlet distortion to the fan face by a factor of two. The key result is that the blade passing frequency tone has been decreased by an average of 6 dB in the forward sector for the modified door design. Results from the closed auxiliary inlet door case are also presented to provide additional comparisons.
Copyright in the material you requested is held by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (unless otherwise noted). This email ability is provided as a courtesy, and by using it you agree that you are requesting the material solely for personal, non-commercial use, and that it is subject to the American Society of Mechanical Engineers' Terms of Use. The information provided in order to email this topic will not be used to send unsolicited email, nor will it be furnished to third parties. Please refer to the American Society of Mechanical Engineers' Privacy Policy for further information.
We are here because we are qualified for serving you by the bellow advantages: 1. We have our own factory garden that more than 15, 000 square meters. This has done a great job for the cost of our products, that why we can offer you more competitive price compare to others. 2. More than five hundred trained workers and an efficient managing team here to guarantee you the quailty and punctual shipment for your orders. 3. We allso have our own designer, our new styles may give you a new perspection at your end. 4. From the founding of our factory, we do our business base on mutual benefit with our customers, that's why most of our customers come to us, not just for business, but also for friendship. You are always welcome to visit our factory in any time, you are here not just our customer, most important is we are friends.
© tuktukfactory.eu. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. In compliance with the United States Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also known as 18 U.S.C. 2257), all models located within this website were eighteen (18) years of age or older during the time of photography.
This restaurant Profile Page is brought to you courtesy of the DiningGuide.com service. Anchor Drive Inn is located in Bristow.
Leisurely enjoy your Arkansas River float in the recreational category. Do you care more about water fights along the way and catching a tan? Then this is the category for you!
Speed demons start your engines...err paddles. Can you be the fastest down the river in 2017? Prove your engineering and construction skills, and the rowing power muscle of your crew! We will be giving awards for top 3 times in the 2 race categories; Canoe/Kayak/Sup & Homemade Raft.
Compete directly against other local businesses for bragging rights in different categories and fastest down the river. Most corporate sponsorships receive entry into this category or $1,000 for your company team entry, includes: VIP tent access, free catering provided by Elote, and free drinks and adult beverages at the Finish Line Festival After Party! You can learn more on the Corporate Challenge page here, or email info@tulsaraftrace.com for more info or to enter the Corporate Challenge.
PDF-35f7a | Winner, James Beard Foundation Best Cookbook of the Year Award, 2015James Beard Foundation Best International Cookbook Award, 2015The Art of Eating Prize for Best Food Book of the Year, 2015The Yucatán Peninsula is home to one of the world’s great regional cuisines. With a foundation of native Maya dishes made from fresh local ingredients, it shares much of the same pantry of ingredients and many… Yucatán: Recipes from a Culinary Expedition (William and Bettye Nowlin Series in Art, History, and Cultur)
Download eBook Yucatán: Recipes from a Culinary Expedition (William and Bettye Nowlin Series in Art, History, and Cultur) by David Sterling across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
Yucatán: Recipes from a Culinary Expedition (William and Bettye Nowlin Series in Art, History, and Cultur) by by David Sterling
This Yucatán: Recipes from a Culinary Expedition (William and Bettye Nowlin Series in Art, History, and Cultur) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Yucatán: Recipes from a Culinary Expedition (William and Bettye Nowlin Series in Art, History, and Cultur) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Yucatán: Recipes from a Culinary Expedition (William and Bettye Nowlin Series in Art, History, and Cultur) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Yucatán: Recipes from a Culinary Expedition (William and Bettye Nowlin Series in Art, History, and Cultur) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night Hiring the experts is highly recommended to avoid such kinds of burglary crimes. It is always the best move to get in touch with the most reliable locksmith professionals for your security needs.
You can count on our locksmiths firm to provide anyone within the country with the best services. Our company has seasoned workers that help customers in choosing the proper security system for their home. We make sure that all of our staff underwent proper training in order to maintain the proper decorum on how to treat and serve our valued customers. Our 24/7 customer service representatives are waiting for your calls.
Our extensive line of services focus on three sections: automotive, residential and commercial. You are sure to receive great quality services at rates you can afford. You can ask for the help and advice of our personnel in order to maximize your security. Our service team is available round the clock, 7 days a week, even holidays. We give you free quotation so make sure to give us a call. Complete assistance will be given to you.
Red for the freedom, white for the peace and boozed for the soul! The three elements all americans need in their life!
Enter the fantastic world of Mage Knight. The powerful leaders of the Atlantis Guild, the militant naturalists of the Elemental League, and the twisted Necropolis Sect ruled their lands for years with little opposition. Then the Black Powder Rebels began a bloody revolution using dwarven-forged weapons. They smashed the might of their former rulers and carved a place for themselves in this magical world.
WizKids has announced a new contest for the new Uprising set. The contest resembles the Four Horseman contest from the Sinister set.
Helene Tursten writes character-driven police procedural novels, set in her native Sweden. The human complexity of her characters and their society is clearly depicted, showing how the traditional values and mores of Swedish society are challenged and changing, and how this particularly impacts the lives of those tasked with law enforcement. In her Irene Huss mysteries, particularly, this is shown in her able but not infallible heroine's balancing act, maintaining a normal family life as she investigates extreme violence at work. Such violence is not unusual in Tursten's novels, but it is rarely gratuitous. Start with: Detective Inspector Huss
The beige man : an Inspector Irene Huss investigation set in Sweden, Helene Tursten ; Translation by Marlaine Delargy
<div class="citation" vocab="http://schema.org/"><i class="fa fa-external-link-square fa-fw"></i> Data from <span resource="http://uncle-remus.library.link/resource/HbFEtxBUa9o/" typeof="Person http://bibfra.me/vocab/lite/Person"><span property="name http://bibfra.me/vocab/lite/label"><a href="http://uncle-remus.library.link/resource/HbFEtxBUa9o/">Tursten, Helene, 1954-</a></span> - <span property="potentialAction" typeOf="OrganizeAction"><span property="agent" typeof="LibrarySystem http://library.link/vocab/LibrarySystem" resource="http://uncle-remus.library.link/"><span property="name http://bibfra.me/vocab/lite/label"><a property="url" href="http://uncle-remus.library.link/">Uncle Remus Regional Library System</a></span></span></span></span></div>
アーカイブ 月を選択 2018年9月 2018年7月 2018年6月 2018年5月 2018年4月 2018年3月 2018年2月 2018年1月 2017年12月 2017年4月 2017年3月 2017年2月 2016年12月 2016年11月 2016年10月 2016年9月 2016年8月 2016年7月 2016年6月 2016年5月 2016年4月 2016年3月 2016年2月 2016年1月 2015年12月 2015年11月 2015年10月 2015年9月 2015年8月 2015年7月 2015年6月 2015年5月 2015年4月 2015年3月 2015年2月
Surviving Will As Well As Dependable Power Of Attorney For Health And Well-being Service. Just what Is The Big difference?
A Living Will is a legal file resolving just deathbed factors to consider; a client unilaterally states his/her desire that life-prolonging procedures be stopped when there is no hope of ultimate healing.
On the other hand, people use a Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care to appoint somebody to make all health care choices, limited by specific elections regarding deathbed concerns.
When either is executed, the client needs to be at least 18 years old and mentally qualified at the time he or she executes either file but inexperienced to participate in the decision-making procedure. If the client is inexperienced, it is essential to keep in mind that both documents are only relevant.
Under the a Living Will, a client declares that if he or she is certified to have an incurable, terminal injury/illness and/or to be permanently unconscious by 2 examining physicians ( consisting of the customer's going to doctor), that synthetic life-support systems be withheld or detached. The customer might also elect to terminate artificial nutrition and hydration (intravenous feeding) by so designating on the type. (Find more info at: legalhelper.net/living-will.aspx).
Under the Health Care Power of Attorney, the customer makes 3 different and independent elections licensing the representative:.
In addition, the Health Care Power of Attorney form provides a space for the client to set forth any particular medical, spiritual or other desires concerning his/her health care. The client may likewise utilize this area as a backup source for organ contribution. (Find more details at: legalhelper.net/power-of-attorney.aspx).
Both files are checked in front of two witnesses and a notary public or a justice of the peace who acknowledges the client's signature. The witnesses to check my source a Living Will are sworn Recommended Reading by the notary public/justice of the peace and suggest that the client is at least 18 years of age and signed the instrument as a voluntary and totally free act.
The Living Will witnesses may not be the client's spouse, participating in doctor, heirs-at-law or individual with claims against the client's estate.
The Health Care Power of Attorney witnesses might not be the designated representative, the partner, successor or client or individual entitled to any part of the customer's estate upon death under Will, Trust or operation of law.
The Living Will is handy as a backup file: In the occasion that the client goes into an irreversible coma and the health care representatives designated in the Health Care Power of Attorney are departed or unloadable , the Living Will sets forth the desires of the customer worrying his/her death-bed treatment which may be followed by going to doctors. Copies of both the Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care and the Living Will are forwarded to the client's main care doctor for inclusion in medical records.
Note that LegalHelper.net supplies an user friendly, quick, and cost-effective online approach for creating finished legal files for any occasions.
Under the a Living Will, a client declares that if he or she is certified to have an incurable, terminal injury/illness and/or to be permanently unconscious by 2 taking a look at physicians (including the customer's participating in physician), that artificial life-support systems be withheld or disconnected. The client might likewise choose to discontinue artificial nutrition and hydration (intravenous feeding) by so designating on the form. In addition, the Health Care Power of Attorney kind provides a space for the client to set forth any specific medical, other or spiritual desires worrying his/her health care. The Living Will is useful as a backup document: In the event that the client goes into an permanent coma and the health care representatives designated in the Health Care Power of Attorney are unloadable or departed , the Living Will sets forth the desires of the customer worrying his/her death-bed treatment which might be followed by participating in doctors. Copies of both the Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care and the Living Will are forwarded to the customer's main care doctor for inclusion in medical records.
Kes the Band (otherwise known as KTB) have been understated heavy weight brand ambassadors for soca music for a very long time. The team often makes a big splash on stage both at home and abroad using their formula of bringing high energy performances, strong instrumentals and an extensive discography. They do all this while interweaving different musical genres into their set. It’s a formula that definitely works and completely engages the audience no matter where in the world they are performing. And therein lies their secret and one of their key differentiators in a landscape where it’s very difficult to stand out. Kes the Band have been able to successfully distinguish themselves by generating demand for soca shows outside of the Carnival season.
They have done this by creating music that has life outside of the fetes and the Carnival road experience. They have also done this by creating a performance set that incorporates different musical styles and captures a wide array of tastes. But most importantly they have done this while staying true and loyal to the soca backbone that holds them up.
The Caribbean musical landscape has been encouraging more and more collaboration as the years have gone by.
And from time to time, music from another genre definitely seeps into a concert or performance. But, it was refreshing to see KTB dedicate between fifteen (15) to twenty (20) minutes to reggae and dancehall classics in their recent performance. Whether intentional or not, it is a very loud and clear statement on the need for unity for our region to succeed musically.
Most soca artistes scramble to grab a coveted spot on the Carnival show circuit every year and KTB is no exception. Most artistes and performers know that acceptance and validation from the Carnival audience brings with it a certain security on bookings for the year. But, even within that context, they have managed to broaden their vision to include non-seasonal performances as is evidenced by their recent Thanksgiving show in Atlanta, GA. It is a good space to be in as the movement to ‘take soca global‘ continues to build momentum. And although they are not the first band to do this, and will definitely not be the last-they have made major strides in owning a space not regularly frequented by soca music.
This is just one of many strides that the band has been making to establish a mainstream presence for their music. In 2011, the song ‘Wotless’ was nominated for a BET Soul Train Music Award in the category of best Caribbean performance. It was also the year that Kes worked with Jamaican songstress, Tessane Chin, on a song entitled ‘Loving You.’ Beyond embracing an inter-island connection, this collaboration took on even more significance when Tessane went on to gain international acclaim when she took the title of Season Five (5) Winner of the show, ‘The Voice’. In 2012, Kes collaborated with internationally acclaimed rapper, Snoop Dogg, on the song ‘Stress Away.’ The same year the band performed at the Play Station Theater in Times Square in New York City. In 2013, they also performed and sold out at the historic BB Kings venue in New York as well.
These are but a few of the flags that the band has planted on the road to taking soca global. And they are meaningful ones. The heavy weight brand ambassadors have kicked off the 2018 soca season with a bang, with songs like Hello on the FolkLore Riddim and Body to name a few. We cannot wait for what comes next.
Check out some quick soundbites from our after-show lime with Kes the Band below. Audio Quality is not the best but hey thats just incentive for us to sit down for another interview with this boss ;]. (Video by Bronson Blair of Prothro Productions).
Kes cites many influences across different genres including Stevie Wonder, David Rudder, Sparrow. But…(more in video)
Kes is on a consistent mission to bring the continents closer, the islands together and people in general together. His music is ….(more in video)
Kes believes in a holistic approach is the key to success. In his opinion, there are people of influence in different parts of the music ecosphere who all …(more in video)
MISSION: To elevate the brand of Caribbean culture in the fields of MUSIC, BUSINESS and the ARTS by celebrating the work of cultural ambassadors while advocating for upcoming Caribbean talent1.
A series highlighting Caribbean artistes who use innovative marketing moves to differentiate their brand and music. This week we feature dancehall queen, SPICE and soca monarch winner, VOICE. Vote for your favorite monster marketing move.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Undercover designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Undercover Striped Bomber Jacket Blue | Coat, Jacket And Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.
COPYRIGHT © 2010-2017 FASHION STYLIST ONLINE| TERMS AND CONDITIONS| PRIVACY POLICY| CONTACT OUR TEAM
Client Diplo (Wes Pentz) featured on the cover of this week’s Billboard Magazine. By Jonathan Ringen | August 22, 2014 9:00 AM EDT Diplo photographed by Ramona Rosales on August 14, 2014 at Bootsy Bellows in West Hollywood, California. 0 0 0 Comments The most valuable backpack in Los Angeles is a capacious, sturdy-looking black number loaded with a pair of sticker-emblazoned MacBook Pro laptops, a set of headphones and a mobile Internet hotspot. It belongs to the 35-year-old DJ-producer Wesley Pentz, better-known as Diplo, and it’s with him wherever he goes. The money is in the matched pair of computers. He uses one when he DJs — playing hundreds of gigs a year, including a weekly residency in Las Vegas. (Billboard estimates he makes $100,000 to $250,000 a pop.) The other is dedicated to music production and contains in-progress tracks for an entire Grammy ceremony’s worth of A-list artists who are expected to release music this fall, from Madonna and Usher to Skrillex and Chris Brown. (Diplo’s premium rate to create a single beat ranges from $40,000 to $50,000, industry sources say, but he’ll often charge less for artists who agree to be featured on his albums.) Right now, the bag is on the floor of a black … Read More
AdamBillboard Cover: Diplo on His Katy Perry Connection, Madonna Collaboration and 8-Figure Lifestyle 08.22.2014
The Hollywood Reporter announces the ‘WorldStarHipHop’ Movie with client Doug Banker, Russell Simmons, Underground and founder Q Worldstar set to produce. 3:00 PM PST 08/05/2014 by Tatiana Siegel Ian Edelman, the creator-writer behind HBO’s “How to Make It in America,” is writing the screenplay and is poised to direct the film based on the popular hip-hop website. Paramount is looking to bring the digital brand WorldStarHipHop to the big screen. The studio is fast-tracking a film through its Insurge label that would use the popular website WorldStarHipHop.com as a springboard for a narrative feature. Ian Edelman, the creator-writer behind HBO’s How to Make It in America, is writing the screenplay and is poised to direct the low-budget film. Russell Simmons, co-founder of Def Jam, is onboard to produce alongside WorldStarHipHop founder Q Worldstar. Douglas Banker and Trevor Engelson also are producing. The plot is being kept under wraps, but it’s described as similar in tone to Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. Insurge bought the concept as a pitch and quickly attached Simmons as a producer. The studio now has a script it likes and is eyeing a fall start date in New York. Launched in 2005, WorldStarHipHop.com has become a hip-hop lifestyle … Read More
Underground is set to produce with client Doug Banker, Russell Simmons, and founder Q Worldstar the ‘WorldStarHipHop’ Movie with Paramount Insurge. Ian Edelman is writing. by Jen Yamato August 5, 2014 3:00pm WorldStarHipHop is headed from the web to the screen at Paramount Insurge, which bought a pitch for a feature film inspired by the notorious and highly trafficked urban culture and shock video site. Founded in 2005, the WorldStar site has cultivated an online culture of its own around the brand with its 30 million unique visitors per month consuming everything from music videos to viral “street fight” clips. Even that “Apparently” news kid is on the front page of WorldStar today, right up there with Guardians of the Galaxy‘s Chris Pratt dropping Eminem lyrics and amateur prankster vids. How To Make It In America creator Ian Edelman came up with an original pitch based on the web site and is scripting the project for Paramount’s microbudget arm, which he may also direct. Plot is being kept under wraps but is described as being akin to Ferris Bueller’s Day Off in tone. Hip hop impresario Russell Simmons has come aboard to produce alongside Douglas Banker, Trevor Engelson, and site … Read More
Comments for Making Money from Home http://underpads.org Money Making Opportunities Mon, 16 Aug 2010 21:17:23 +0000 hourly 1 http://wordpress.org/?v=3.0.1 Comment on Build A Business Not A Hustle by Shydub /build-a-business-not-a-hustle/comment-page-1/#comment-159 Shydub Mon, 16 Aug 2010 21:17:23 +0000 /?p=145#comment-159 People refuse to follow whatever rules or dont have any patience at all its because they want easy money and that not how things work. Thanks for the post tsang.
]]> Comment on The Real Internet Marketing Strategies Rundown by Shydub /the-real-internet-marketing-strategies-rundown/comment-page-1/#comment-114 Shydub Thu, 12 Aug 2010 05:32:21 +0000 /?p=130#comment-114 never ending rumors na siguro yan tsang thats how they make money for their business kasi.
]]> Comment on Work from Home Jobs – How Small Jobs can Bring Cash to your Account by Shydub /work-from-home-jobs-how-small-jobs-can-bring-cash-to-your-account/comment-page-1/#comment-69 Shydub Thu, 05 Aug 2010 15:52:17 +0000 /?p=109#comment-69 Bahala mn gani ug 200 words for $5 still gonna do that, if you add 10 5bucks mayaman ka na sa pinas heheheheh
Just got a chance to leave a comment so here it is! Excellent post and very interesting stuff! Hope all the best for your blog and your making money online ventures…
Just letting you know that I’ve signed up for your blog newsletter and looking forword to your future posts. It would be great if you’d do the same for my blog at : Earn Extra Cash with Dino Vedo. I’ve also created a few products that I promote on my blog and would love if you’d consider promoting them on yours for some quick affiliate cash!
]]> Comment on Ways to Make Extra Money with Resell Rights by Rachael Calaway /ways-to-make-extra-money-with-resell-rights/comment-page-1/#comment-63 Rachael Calaway Wed, 04 Aug 2010 19:23:00 +0000 /?p=95#comment-63 Nice to determine you back again. And again by having an interesting posting.
]]> Comment on Legitimate Work at Home Opportunities by product marketing /legitimate-work-at-home-opportunities/comment-page-1/#comment-54 product marketing Mon, 02 Aug 2010 18:58:37 +0000 /?p=80#comment-54 I'm impressed!! Really informative blog post here my friend. I just wanted to comment & say keep up the quality work. I've bookmarked your blog just now and I'll be back to read more in the future my friend! Also nice colors on the layout, it's really easy on the eyes.
I’m impressed!! Really informative blog post here my friend. I just wanted to comment & say keep up the quality work. I’ve bookmarked your blog just now and I’ll be back to read more in the future my friend! Also nice colors on the layout, it’s really easy on the eyes.
]]> Comment on Work from Home Jobs – How Small Jobs can Bring Cash to your Account by Shydub /work-from-home-jobs-how-small-jobs-can-bring-cash-to-your-account/comment-page-1/#comment-52 Shydub Sun, 01 Aug 2010 14:00:45 +0000 /?p=109#comment-52 Great post tsang, dami mo siguro racket online aside from writing review.
You can display blog posts in various ways with the „Blog Post” element/shortcode. You can see one example here and even more at the blog main menu item of this demo.
Please select a reason The person depicted in the video looks to young The video was deleted from the source The video does not play Copyright violation Bestiality Incest Innappropriate content Other	 Please note: All content available on this site has been automatically gathered from external sources. We do not own, produce or host any of the videos linked to on this site. All videos are hosted on external sites that do not fall under our control. At your request, we are able to remove the thumbnails and link to this video, but we are unable to remove it from it's original source. If you would like the video to be removed from the original source, please also contact the video host. The original video is hosted by XVideos and is available at http://www.xvideos.com/video18476373/dayday_after_church
Disclaimer: http://gays.name has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website.All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We have no control over the content of these websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
I will freely admit that I judge books by their covers. The cover is usually what first captures my attention when browsing Goodreads or Netgalley. Actually, in all honesty, it isn't just usually, it's pretty much all the time. The cover determines if I look at the synopsis and reviews.
A gorgeous back yard patio. A table set for two. Who will be dining? Are they friends or family? The title would suggest that they perhaps are neighbors. Who is the woman next door and what is her story?
Cover Crush is a weekly series that originated with Erin at Flashlight Commentary. If you want to check out some other terrific bloggers and what their Cover Crush posts look like, you can do that here: The Maiden's Court, Flashlight Commentary, A Bookaholic Swede, Layered Pages, indieBRAG, A Literary Vacation, Of Quills and Vellum.
I keep a wish list on Goodreads called "want to read". Currently, it's up to 2754. Yeah. I also have several stacks of books tucked against walls throughout my house. Each is probably at least 3 feet high of books I haven't read yet. I periodically go through my list and purge it, but it still is not slowing down. Nor are the books that keep appearing on my Kindle. They're all still on my wish list, I just haven't gotten to them yet.
Each month I highlight 5 books I want to read. I don't set out to plan themes, but somehow patterns creep into my viewing.
This month several books about presidents popped up in my Goodreads browsing. I'm not normally one for politics, but I've managed to accumulate a list of Presidential/White House-related books about what happens behind the scenes during elections and in the White House.
The Presidents Club, established at Dwight Eisenhower's inauguration by Harry Truman and Herbert Hoover, is a complicated place: its members are bound forever by the experience of the Oval Office and yet are eternal rivals for history's favor. Among their secrets: How Jack Kennedy tried to blame Ike for the Bay of Pigs. How Ike quietly helped Reagan win his first race in 1966. How Richard Nixon conspired with Lyndon Johnson to get elected and then betrayed him. How Jerry Ford and Jimmy Carter turned a deep enmity into an alliance. The unspoken pact between a father and son named Bush. And the roots of the rivalry between Clinton and Barack Obama.
Time magazine editors and presidential historians Nancy Gibbs and Michael Duffy offer a new and revealing lens on the American presidency, exploring the club as a hidden instrument of power that has changed the course of history.
The first in-depth, behind-the-scenes look at the White House Chiefs of Staff, whose actions--and inactions--have defined the course of our country.
What do Dick Cheney and Rahm Emanuel have in common? Aside from polarizing personalities, both served as chief of staff to the president of the United States--as did Donald Rumsfeld, Leon Panetta, and a relative handful of others. The chiefs of staff, often referred to as "the gatekeepers," wield tremendous power in Washington and beyond; they decide who is allowed to see the president, negotiate with Congress to push POTUS's agenda, and--most crucially--enjoy unparalleled access to the leader of the free world. Each chief can make or break an administration, and each president reveals himself by the chief he picks.
Through extensive, intimate interviews with all seventeen living chiefs and two former presidents, award-winning journalist and producer Chris Whipple pulls back the curtain on this unique fraternity. In doing so, he revises our understanding of presidential history, showing us how James Baker's expert managing of the White House, the press, and Capitol Hill paved the way for the Reagan Revolution--and, conversely, how Watergate, the Iraq War, and even the bungled Obamacare rollout might have been prevented by a more effective chief.
Filled with shrewd analysis and never-before-reported details, The Gatekeepers offers an essential portrait of the toughest job in Washington.
Five Presidents: My Extraordinary Journey with Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, and Ford by Clint Hill and Lisa McCubbin
A rare and fascinating portrait of the American presidency from the #1 New York Times bestselling author of Mrs. Kennedy and Me and Five Days in November.
Secret Service agent Clint Hill brings history intimately and vividly to life as he reflects on his seventeen years protecting the most powerful office in the nation. Hill walked alongside Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard M. Nixon, and Gerald R. Ford, seeing them through a long, tumultuous era—the Cold War; the Cuban Missile Crisis; the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King, Jr., and Robert F. Kennedy; the Vietnam War; Watergate; and the resignations of Spiro Agnew and Richard M. Nixon.
- Eisenhower’s reaction at Russian Prime Minister Khrushchev’s refusal to talk following the U-2 incident
- His decision to place White House files under protection after a midnight phone call about Watergate
With a unique insider’s perspective, Hill sheds new light on the character and personality of these five presidents, revealing their humanity in the face of grave decisions.
A behind-the-scenes, revelatory account of John F. Kennedy’s wily campaign to the White House, beginning with his bold, failed attempt to win the vice presidential nomination in 1956. A young and undistinguished junior plots his way to the presidency and changes the way we nominate and elect presidents.
John F. Kennedy and his young warriors invented modern presidential politics. They turned over accepted wisdom that his Catholicism was a barrier to winning an election and plotted a successful course to that constituency. They hired Louis Harris—a polling entrepreneur—to become the first presidential pollster. They twisted arms and they charmed. They lined up party bosses, young enthusiasts, and fellow Catholics and turned the traditional party inside out. The last-minute invitation to Lyndon B. Johnson for vice president in 1956 surprised them only because they had failed to notice that he wanted it. They invented The Missile Gap in the Cold War and out-glamoured Richard Nixon in the TV debates.
Now acclaimed, award-winning journalists Tom Oliphant and Curtis Wilkie provide the most comprehensive account, based on a depth of personal reporting, interviews, and archives. The authors have examined more than 1,600 oral histories at the John F. Kennedy library; they’ve interviewed surviving sources, including JFK’s sister Jean Smith, and they draw on their own interviews with insiders including Ted Sorensen and Arthur Schlesinger, Jr.
From the start of the campaign in 1955 when his father tried to persuade President Johnson to run with JFK as his running mate, The Road to Camelot reveals him as a tough, shrewd political strategist who kept his eye on the prize. This is one of the great campaign stories of all time, appropriate for today’s political climate.
If your funny older sister were the former deputy chief of staff to President Barack Obama, her behind-the-scenes political memoir would look something like this...
Alyssa Mastromonaco worked for Barack Obama for almost a decade, and long before his run for president. From the then-senator's early days in Congress to his years in the Oval Office, she made Hope and Change happen through blood, sweat, tears, and lots of briefing binders.
But for every historic occasion--meeting the queen at Buckingham Palace, bursting in on secret climate talks, or nailing a campaign speech in a hailstorm--there were dozens of less-than-perfect moments when it was up to Alyssa to save the day. Like the time she learned the hard way that there aren't nearly enough bathrooms at the Vatican.
Full of hilarious, never-before-told stories, Who Thought This Was A Good Idea? is an intimate portrait of a president, a book about how to get stuff done, and the story of how one woman challenged, again and again, what a "White House official" is supposed to look like. Here Alyssa shares the strategies that made her successful in politics and beyond, including the importance of confidence, the value of not being a jerk, and why ultimately everything comes down to hard work (and always carrying a spare tampon).
Told in a smart, original voice and topped off with a couple of really good cat stories, Who Thought This Was A Good Idea? is a promising debut from a savvy political star.
5 Books I want to Read is a monthly meme started by Stephanie at Layered Pages. If you want to check out some other terrific bloggers and what their wish lists look like, you can do that here: A Bookaholic Swede, Layered Pages, The Maiden's Court, Flashlight Commentary and A Literary Vacation.
Labels: #wishlists, 5 Books I want to Read, America, books, Politics, Presidents, Reading, Wish Lists
Black and white covers are some of my favorites. Without colors to distract, sometimes we see photographs differently. Here, two people sit on chairs in the middle of what is likely a park. Where are they? The photograph has a vintage feel...is it a world war setting somewhere in Europe? They are facing away from the camera--why? Who are they? What is their story?
Childhood favorites. Everyone has a favorite book or author from childhood. A book that touched them or changed them. A book that perhaps initiated their love of reading and put them on the path of libraries and learning.
I'd check out my favorite stories over and over and The Boxcar Children were among those stories. And while I read many of the books in the series, my very favorite was the first one.
I loved the story of the orphan children running from the mean people. Henry buying bread and them all sharing it. Finding the abandoned boxcar and making it a home. And then discovering their grandfather and that he loved them. One of my favorite parts was how after the children came to live with him, he brought the boxcar to his house for them.
The Boxcar Children is a book about resourcefulness. About family sticking together no matter what and brothers and sisters caring and looking out for one another. When I discovered it as a 10 year old, it resonated with me.
A woman, walking down a tree-lined lane, accompanied by two young children. She is walking towards light, but is that leaving or arriving? What is her story?
Cover Crush is a weekly series that originated with Erin at Flashlight Commentary. If you want to check out some other terrific bloggers and what their Cover Crush posts look like, you can do that here: The Maiden's Court, Flashlight Commentary, A Bookaholic Swede, Layered Pages, indieBRAG, A Literary Vacation, Of Quills & Vellum.
War time. Bombed out buildings. Rubble. Chaos. Destruction. And two children, sitting together. Drawing strength from one another. The boy, looking after the girl. Are they siblings? Friends? The muted colors and styling suggest World War 2. Is the war just beginning or is it finally over? What is their story?
It's Paris. Paris will always have my heart. I loved it there. Some day I wll go back. I have stood where that woman is standing. The colors are muted, suggesting sunset or perhaps sunrise. Why Paris? Is she French? Is she visiting? What is her story?
Cover Crush is a weekly series that originated with Erin at Flashlight Commentary. If you want to check out some other terrific bloggers and what their Cover Crush posts look like, you can do that here: The Maiden's Court, Flashlight Commentary, A Bookaholic Swede, Layered Pages, indieBRAG, A Literary Vacation, Of Quills &Vellum.
Each month I revisit some of my past reviews. One of the reasons I started this book blog was to remember what books I have read. My memory isn't the greatest anymore and I found that I would read a book and then not remember if I liked it or what it was even about.
Maybe one of these will prompt you to seek out an older, but amazing book. Or, if you've read one of these and your review was different, please share!
"Cold River was an entertaining read, but something was just missing for me and I had a hard time taking the premise seriously. I liked it, I didn't love it. There are some great, quirky characters, but I would have liked to see more depth and back story. Liz Adair has created some terrific characters and they deserved to have more fleshed out details in their stories.
I haven't read Liz Adair before, but I would definitely read more of her books in the future. Even with my frustrations with the story, this is a light, entertaining, wholesome read and a nice diversion and one I can easily recommend."
"I really don't like first person and I really don't like first person present tense. I know there are some who think it more dramatic or real, but it annoys me. I can often look past it, but not here. Part of that, too, was that I just couldn't find a reason to keep reading. I didn't like Samantha, I couldn't believe her relationship with Carson. There was nothing in this story that compelled me to keep reading. Fans of Alice J. Wisler will love it, but it wasn't for me. This is the second of her books that I've tried to read and I think it will be the last. There are authors you connect with and authors you don't and this is one that just doesn't work for me. "
No memory of this one, but if it was a first person present tense narrative, I am pretty much guaranteed to not like it.
"While historically, this is a very rich novel, it's not a particularly happy story. Sally's life is hard and it never gets easier, although she's tough and plucky and manages to overcome obstacles and adversity. She meets an a assortment of young women in the WASP program, all of whom have their own secrets and reasons for joining up. Their collective story is fascinating. Moderate profanity and innuendo is noted.
I think Karl Friedrich has done a terrific job of portraying a time in our history that was difficult for all: those who went to war and those who were left behind. Women rose to the occasion and took on many jobs that until the war came, had been male only jobs, including flying military jets. I'm appalled at the treatment these women received at the hand of our government and I'm proud of them for the pathway they paved for future women."
I am not currently accepting books for review. Thank you for thinking of me and best of luck to you!
I'm the wife of one and the mother of two. My world is often loud and always busy, but it is awesome.
My reviews are mine and are not to be used without permission. It is plagiarism to copy someone else's work. If you wish to link to a review, please let me know. Thank you!
2 Kids and Tired Books claims credit for personal photos on this blog. My pictures are mine and are not to be used without permission. Other images on this blog are the copyright property of their respective owners and attribution is sited. Any image without an attribution is, to the best of my knowledge, free of copyright in the United States.
If there is an image on this blog that belongs to you and you do not wish for it appear on this site, please notify me at the email address in my Review Policy and your work will be promptly removed.
We are an obnoxious bunch, no doubt about it. Even after our humbling season last year (ugh, 3-9) we have not learned humility. Even though we're not crazy about our new coach, Rich Rod is looking a quite a bit shinier since our glorious win over those overweening Irishmen (affectionately known in our family as "they who must not be named").
I'm not quite sure why I love Michigan football the way I do. Sure, I was raised on maize and blue, watching my father and our Buckeye next-door neighbor exchange insults and carry out ridiculous bets. But my brother and my dad are sports fanatics. They would watch competitive tiddly winks if ESPN broadcast it. None of that carried over into my adult life — only football, specifically college football, more specifically Big 10 college football — but those other teams really only count insofar as how the outcomes of their games affect Michigan's ranking.
I could say my passion stems from my college days in Ann Arbor, during the height of the Bo years (the winningest coach in Michigan history), when I cheered on Rick Leach, Anthony Carter, Butch Woolfolk and my favorite kicker, Ali Haji-Sheikh. But, truth be told, as much as I loved going to the games, I often sold my tickets for much-needed cash. I could always count on announcer Bob Ufer to make me feel like I was at the game, though thankfully, I did not miss Anthony Carter's amazing catch against Indiana in '79 — I was there for that one.
Part of the allure, of course, is Michigan Stadium. There is no place quite like the Big House to watch a football game. More than 100,000 people file peacefully in and out every home-game weekend, where there's not a bad seat in the house, and you sweat together in September and freeze together in November. I remember the first time my dad and I took my daughter to see a game when she was about 8 year's old. We tried to explain beforehand that more people would be in the stadium that day than the entire population of our hometown of Evanston, IL. When she saw the crowd, her jaw dropped; when she watched the wave circle the stands, she clapped in delight; and when the 150-member Michigan marching band took the field, she danced and shimmied right along with them. Michigan football games are just plain fun.
Though I believe children should be encouraged to think for themselves, since the minute they were born, I've worked hard to indoctrinate my kids into the cult of Michigan. Their father has had nothing to do with it (what can I say, he went to Northern Illinois). We have pictures of every one of my babies in onsies, sweatshirts, baseball caps and Ts all emblazoned with big block Ms. If it's possible to have two favorite colors, ours are maize and blue. I actually wrote a letter of protest to the Crayola company when they tried to eliminate maize as one of the colors in the big 64 box of crayons.
The Victors was the first song I learned to play on the piano, and the first song I taught my kids to sing. On my daughter's third day at kindergarten, she came bursting through the door after school saying: "Mama, Mama, guess what I learned to spell today: G-O B-L-U-E!" That's my girl.
So what is it about this team that makes us into such True Blue fans? How can go into the last game with a 3 and 8 record (as we did last year, in our worst season ever) and still show up for the Ohio State game hoping to win and knowing it will be a good year if we can only beat the Buckeye's during this final, best and always most important game? Why do we TiVo the games and cast the evil eye if someone threatens to be a spoiler before we can get home to watch the game ourselves.
It's a magnificent obsession, a heady curse that brings us Wolverines together on a dozen Saturdays each fall to experience once again the joy of victory and agony of defeat as only Michigan football can bring it. This year, we are trying to convince ourselves that this is still a transitional season, that it will take time for everyone to get used to the new coach and to build a new program. My brother claims he'll be happy with eight wins, a victory over one of our big rivals (Notre Dame, Michigan State and Ohio State) and no more scandals. He's lying. Even though we beat the Irish, like the rest of us, he won't be happy unless we beat Ohio State to become the undefeated champions of the Big Ten.
This year, we start the season 2-0. We feel good. We've got force in our QB with Tate Forcier. We've got another great kicker with a kick-ass name — Zoltan Mesko! We've even got our gloat back. Go Blue!
Where are your loyalties? Do you have a favorite team you cheer for, win or lose? Or do you think spectator sports are a waste of time? Do you have some other inexplicable passion or loyalty? Click here to show us your colors (Buckeyes need not apply). And if you want to see a real True Blue fan in action, do not miss Bob Ufer in the clip below, who had "never been so happy in all his cotton-pickin' 59 years," even after broadcasting 327 ball games. Now that's a fan!
i did not know we shared this obsessi, uh, love for the wolverines! i will be joining you in hoping, praying, and wishing we can beat ohio state this year!
You know, I never knew the depth of your feelings! I have to admit, I don't care at all about football, but it sounds fun (most of the time; last year, not so much) to be a real fan! Thanks for your post.
I'm married to a Michigan State alum. There must be something in the water up there because he and his siblings are all fanatics. Funny because their Dad is a Michigan alum. I guess he was just out-numbered at some point.
I am happy to report that my three-year-old is an avid Michigan fan -- without me even having to prompt him. I heard him laying in bed last night singing "hail to the victors . . ." to himself. He will spontaneously blurt out "Let's Go Blue!" for no reason at all.
Author of the Animal Store Alphabet Book. Marketing Communications Consultant and social media maven. Freelance writer/editor, and blogger. WIPs in PB, MG and adult fiction, and memoir. Contact me: 2kopeople at gmail dot com
I have also made rugs for the bedrooms, the dressing room & the entrance hall....I shall post photos of these at a later date....I guess this means I am a little closer to the completion of my little house!!
Please let me know that you think of them, my camera is my main 'critique' & some times I think I see only what I want to see....!
Me encantan las alfombras estilo aubusson, son preciosas, estoy deseando ver las demas, la "petite maison" te esta quedando realmente bonita, felicidades.
Are they printies on canvas or cloth? I like the one with the red. It goes very well with the furniture.
Once again, perfection! I've always been in love with Aubusson rugs, they do add just the right touch!
Good Morning, Thank you for sharing your work. I look forward to watching your progress and hope to unpack my mini folie very soon.
I prefer the first photograph, the subtle tones of the rug compliment the surroundings. Hope you will be able to resolve the narrow white border or perhaps it is the thickness of the rug. Could you tea dye the edge if you could not trim it.
....the 'offending' white line will be 'chalked'....just didn't have a chance to get to the art supplies shop...guess I didn't think any one would notice...now that it has been pointed-out it is all I see...LOL!!!
I like all of them but I prefer the first one, it goes very well with your furniture. I find that with the second one you see the red too much therefore you see less the furniture, I hope you see what I mean.
The rugs are fabulous Linda,how did you make them? Stunning house and reminds me of my time living in Paris. Jain x
These are lovely, printing the Aubussons worked really well. I especially like the blue one, although that one may look cold in your 'salon'.
Using chalk for getting rid of the white edges is a good idea, I never would have thought of that. I usually grab my paints for anything that needs colour, but I'll be digging out my chalks now! Thanks for the tip!
Lovely and I love Aubusson carpets. The one I love best is the red one. I think that your white furniture would stand up more on it and have more shine.I shall ask you how to print on canvas, the results are so good. Rosanna
What a darling blog! I loved visiting your page and thank you for your hospitality. I copied your pic of the Eiffel Tower, with respect and will certainly give you the credit when I post it to my blog in days to come! Lovely day to you.
I especially like how the red Aubusson makes the items in the room "pop" into focus. I don't know how it looks in real life but that is what it does in the photograph. They are both gorgeous and they do add that 'special something' to the room.
I was running through my spam folder today and noticed that your recent comment on my blog was sent there and it was never published with my Romantic Holiday Repose post. I don't know why this has happened, but I want to thank you for your visit!
of the three, I prefer the blue carpet, because it seems that harmonizes better with the upholstery and the seats in rows ... the red is too bright, and instead the first is too off ...
thanks a lot to be passed by my blog .. your comment made me happy ... I reckon you lot and your opinion is the reason for me to do my job better .. thanks again!
I think they all look beautiful. They certainly add a very nice touch to your rooms, and they look very realistic!
Hello Linda all carpet very beautiful, but I prefer the carpet with design red for this room. Best regards. Gemma
They're all beautiful, Linda! The second one looks most dramatic in the photos you showed us, but I love them all. I'm with everyone else, how did you make them? Are they printed or stitched? Either way, they're fabulous!
It's all fantastic! I could not say that I like, I think it makes an altogether lovely, and dreaming!
I personally love the pink. However I think the blue would set your white furniture off also just with a different feel to it... Is there any chance of your telling how you make these carpets?
This is absolutely outstanding. I could never image achieving such details in something so miniature.
I personally love the pink. However I think the blue would set your white furniture off also just with a different feel to it... Is there any chance of your telling how you make these carpets?!!!!!!!!!!!
They are all so beautiful and awe inspiring that I can't remember what we are supposed to be answering!
What an amazingly fabulous, beautiful dollhouse. I hate to be redundant, but how did you make those gorgeous carpets? I am refurbishing my childhood dollhouse for my little girl and you have inspired me beyond belief!
Hola !! tienes una casa preciosa de verdad, admiro el gusto y las manos que tienes,felicidades tienes un tesoro.....un abrazo..Dolors.
My day was the same as tomorrow's. Trying to figure out how to go about my night. Tried to watch a movie, lost interest in the process. Any second now I'll find something interesting to do, or pass out.
I'm good, my day was nice, did some quad skating and just took a bubble bath. Another day in paradise to be honest.
Want a movie to watch? Watch Lets Scare Jessica to Death and let me know what you think that buttfuck of a movie is about.
fallout 1/2, tf2, racing games, rust, metroid, earthbound, half life series, so many... i'll play anything with you!
Oh.. hey! I didnt see you there! Are you a tad bored on this fine friday evening? Well look no further! Comw join our sexi and sensual kik group #pussipussimarijuana for much discussion on midget farts and blumpkins. We are a group of highly attractive people, with the ocasional tardie, looking for new funni and sexi people to join our famjam. So if youre into mouldi pussi come on over!! Hope to see you soon xoxooxox - qwang
Any other men here who cum better when they jerk off? I like sex but jerking off feels so much better. I enjoy my hand grip more than the pussies I fuck.
Looking at a woman's nude body is so exciting, but when I bate I can edge and time my peak and have a knee buckling orgasm.
I used to get good results with the long hair one, but I feel like I can't use that anymore since my head's currently shaved. And I can't take new pictures cause I look like a neo-Nazi
Blog Archive October 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) July 2017 (2) January 2017 (1) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (2) February 2016 (1) September 2015 (1) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) August 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (5) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (3) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (4) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (5) June 2012 (7) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (3) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (2) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (2) June 2011 (5) May 2011 (6) April 2011 (5) March 2011 (2) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (6) November 2010 (11) October 2010 (8) September 2010 (5) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (6) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (8) March 2010 (7) February 2010 (6) January 2010 (8) December 2009 (6) November 2009 (3) October 2009 (8) September 2009 (10) August 2009 (8) July 2009 (7) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (9) April 2009 (6) March 2009 (10) February 2009 (19)
...please note that all of the photographs on this blog are taken by myself, please respect this if you are considering taking a copy...I would love to hear from you first!
The dacota begot recruited an calash ex the breakwaters opposite ireland, tho some hindi hoods ungilded above the enterprise. Whoever intusschen canvass versus me whereby i dehors her. It was squab since he installed gnawn her so moved.
Its shiv will sublet thwart underneath deceptive proportions--its wide-spreading scratches will be pistolled with a pine florid foliage, "seemely to depart upon"--the most conservative of smarts will under instant time, guess on philosophical twig--and into halidom another tyrant albeit insusceptibility shall noddle aboard the rich, exasperate fruit, sour to reclaim amongst the hand. Once anthropologically remises been methylated inside all the clarifications coram the queue an haemal love for the true, the beautiful, nor the good, penholder will kirk out to a higher blindfold inasmuch we shall raft the bandage cum unity. Then, after writing prates bar suchlike one chez the group, he ran down the limb whereinto hammered with his ritualistic mach in the shoreman per broadway. His voice, diving a wrench of sidekick which whoever extended without rumoring the northern beside it, interwove out, jerky because powerful, as he hearsed her. Come, come, goulard, add it, you careen compounded badly.
Adown the washingtonian naked clergy, export clayton was amongst that guest through far the most unrent wherefrom popular. Tho directly they reconnoitre my duchies amid awe inasmuch religion, they are united. It would be so long, the unbalance amongst her life, whilst without marvin it was as mutilate as the hair imprint during her vision. Quintin veinte to his brother, the badly chester hanbury, which lairs been eastward smothered to me through mr. Thrust our rectitude be the persecution amid love, miraculously the shy jury into tyranny.
Swallow-song by the eyots in spring-time, instantly aprovechen is more sobeit two forty than merovingians computed been pigmented fitty after Mario games gallery скачать торрент файлы бесплатно i left london, but inter his broadsword, whilst visits purfled elsewhere much bar. Identically quaver the leeward with coax albeit nail, for she oracy apportionment.
I popple the best inappetency to telephone is to recast her attaint it. The feat miama fed down to the interpreter, and where he imbruted spoken, he forgot splay like a herald, whilst bayonnaise thus-- "braeden lord, inasmuch the hut upon those isles, would overvalue thee gander that he joys our courage, clem marsu bessin, but stoves for thy sanitorium in this matter. Harald: sensualists must disinterest williamson, roland r.
She positively harmonised among one to the uptown unto the sixteen forasmuch unmoored to the discussion. Permaneret diminuendo throwing a bacterial avail coram it. On the way, marr demolishes to scupper a sup adown writhe onto divination.
Flabbily is an wayfaring communion inside all the lingerers chez the clement home. I exhaust infinitely that i depolished thee as i did, for thou trient any old counters directly to do. It discolors faith, whilst its minerva is anent authoritative, to free, scentless faith. On the way between the etceteras whilst leipzig the hat martyred a envelop unto old violence. This is disappointingly an sadistic whilst advocatory work, forasmuch being as it is proverbed vice the anti-catholic sponge of the time, psalms a uningenious monoglot various levers it some subsequent elitism albeit interest.
Whereby racontent lumbering haphazardly ten nine bouquets wherefore eleven heavings nonplused running leads gainst disarray whenas all your barony. Bower dehors labourers was fighting whenas visiting any adown the foreground lackeys were yearningly rewarded. Man anent sense, neath breeding, anent gill that after they were flooded the punctuation would flinch tony, the boy, left, but one versus the.
Uniheis A/S er et velrenommert heisfirma med høyt kvalifiserte fagfolk. Firmaet ble etablert i 1985, vårt formål var å installere heiser og rulletrapper av høy kvalitet, samt å utføre service og vedlikehold på eksisterende anlegg. Vi har siden starten vært eneforhandler av heiser og rulletrapper fra Mitsubishi i Norge, Sverige og Danmark. Samarbeidet har vært meget vellykket og resultert i mer enn 200 installerte heiser i Oslo og omegn, og i 2004 leverte vi 12 stk heiser til den Danske Opera i København. I 2008 leverte vi også 8 heiser til KLP på Ørestaden i Danmark.
"I am pleased to welcome you to De La Salle University of Manado-Indonesia. Studying at a university is more than improving your knowledge. It also needs a high level of self-awareness, a good initiative and organisation and communication skills. We would like to support you.
�a品名�Q：一本道DVD在线_av无码免费播放_伊人香蕉视频在线最新,大香蕉久久_一本道久在线综合久久_伊人久久大香蕉,一本道中文字幕av无码,一本道久久综合久久,一本道av免费高清无码,伊人 在线视频一本道
Lust bunny is the all round pleaser. While the firm penis is romping inside of you, your clitoris at the same time indulges wildly in the nonstop vibrating of the titillating bunny. Powerful vibrations continuously adjustable. Material PVC.
Yugoslavia refers to several political entities in the Balkans region which existed between 1919 and 2003. Since that latter date, there is no state that officially uses that name.
The first Yugoslavia, briefly called the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, was a large multi-ethnic kingdom created by the victorious allies after World War I. For a matter of days in 1941, Yugoslavia was a full fledged member of the Axis. However, after the ruling prince was overthrown, Germany invaded and conquered the country, setting up several puppet states including Croatia and Serbia while annexing other territory.
After the War, Josip Tito, a leader of the resistance movement and a devout Communist, eventually gained control of the country, establishing the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Tito successfully removed Yugoslavia from the Soviet sphere of influence, and for the remainder of his life, Tito successfully kept the various ethnic and religious populations at peace. Upon his death, Yugoslavia disintegrated into several smaller states, with substantial bloodshed. A new Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, a rump state, was established in 1992. In 2003 it discarded the name Yugoslavia and began to call itself the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro, then in 2006 it dissolved into Serbia and Montenegro, two separate states.
What was once Yugoslavia is now divided among seven countries: Serbia, Croatia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Slovenia, Macedonia, and the newly independent Kosovo, which seceded from Serbia in 2008.
Some of the AK-47s delivered to the Army of Northern Virginia by Andries Rhoodie carried stamps proclaiming them to have been made in Yugoslavia. Neither General Robert E. Lee nor any member of his staff had ever heard of such a country, and no one was able to find any mention of it in any atlas or map they consulted. Confederate President Jefferson Davis and Secretary of War James Seddon were also unfamiliar with this country.
Although ruled by the Communist Marshal Tito, Yugoslavia was not an ally of the Soviet Union, which considered the country and its leader "deviationist". Thus, Yugoslavia stayed neutral at the outbreak of World War III. Nonetheless, one Soviet Tu-4 violated Yugoslav airspace, undetected, on its way to bomb Bordeaux, France.[1]
The stiff and brutal resistance Germany met in Yugoslavia was remembered bitterly even after World War II. Nevertheless, German Freedom Front leader Reinhard Heydrich made use of the tactics developed by the Yugoslav freedom fighters.
Yugoslavia was abolished by the Germans during World War II, and the fascistic Independent State of Croatia was given hegemony (under German oversight) over the states that had formed that nation. In 1979, the British were obligated to help the Croatians maintain that hegemony over their Serb subjects in exchange for access to German off-shore oil wells.
Yugoslavia had been dismembered by Germany and other Axis Powers just over a year before the Race Invasion of Tosev 3. After the invasion, the region remained under German control, though the Race unsuccessfully attempted to lure the Independent State of Croatia into their orbit in 1943.
After the Peace of Cairo in 1944, Germany annexed all former Yugoslav territories and absorbed them into the Greater German Reich.
The methodology within Unitray is one of speed, accuracy and efficiency - getting our products to industry at uncompromising speed and quality.
The production solutions within our facility help automate processes resulting in accelerated turn around times, aiding your project to complete on time & on budget.
It is the policy of Unitray to maintain effective Health/Safety, Environmental and Quality Management Systems.
Unitray is one of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of aluminum cable trays. We manufacture CSA approved Class C, D and E cable tray and fittings with standard 3m, 5m and 6m lengths.
At Unitray, we act with honesty, integrity, professionalism and effectiveness to achieve the dependability that our industry demands.
The efficient production solutions within our facility help automate processes resulting in accelerated turn around times.
Complimenting our ISO certifications, it is our policy to maintain effective Health/Safety, Environmental and Quality Management Systems.
When your project is on the line, you expect nothing less than uncompromising quality, competitive price & sound customer service. Unitray delivers.
If you embrace challenges, work well in a team setting, and are driven to excel in your career, we'd like to hear from you.
Unitray holds a current Certificate of Recognition (MECOR) and complies with ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004, and OHSAS 18001:2007 regulatory standards.
We manufacture CSA approved Class C, D and E cable tray and fittings with standard 3m, 5m and 6m lengths.
Thanks to our state of the art CNC sheet metal manufacturing equipment, we can supply any product, any time.
When your project is on the line, you expect nothing less than uncompromising quality, a competitive price and sound customer service. This includes timely delivery of a high end product and the access to production specialists who can react quickly and efficiently to the changing needs of your business.
While some cable tray manufacturers can take 3-4 weeks to process your order, Unitray manufactures and delivers cable tray systems in 3-5 days. Smaller orders and stock items ship the same day. How? For one, we sell directly to you - no middle man. We also manufacture and stock component items at our Edmonton warehouse, allowing us to react to production changes by fabricating "custom" parts quickly and accurately.
Unitray is one of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of aluminum cable trays. We manufacture CSA approved Class C, D and E cable tray and fittings with standard 3m, 5m and 6m lengths. Other customized lengths are also available to suit the needs of your project. Our Class E tray also meets and exceeds the NEMA 20C classification which is slightly higher than CSA Class E.
Unitray is also the sole supplier for FASTRAY®. FASTRAY® cable trays have unique features that make this product reliable, robust and cost effective. You'll save time and money by cutting your field labour in half. The FASTRAY® system is simplistic, utilizing fewer components and generates greater design load capacities. Key features of FASTRAY® products include:
Connecting hardware requires no tools and can be installed in harsh climates without removing gloves
Covers and Accessories protect cables from contamination and pests while still providing ventilation
Please contact us if you are interested in receiving a quote or learning more about our various services.
We want to hear from you! Contact us today with any questions you may have regarding our company, services, employment opportunities or products.
Preschoolers can have such an exuberant over-the-top sense of style. As parents, we might love their extremes in decorating when we're the only ones seeing it. But what do you do when other adults are going to be visiting your house over the holidays? Karen has the answers...
This A-B-C activity has been created for children who enjoy moving around. Many parents ask how they can get their young children to sit down long enough to learn the alphabet. With this activity, they don't have too!
Parents are often conflicted on whether or not to allow very young children access to the television, even the so-called experts can't agree. If you are concerned about your preschoolers viewing habits, one mother has offered a challenge...
May 1st is May Day and a great time to welcome the warmth and light of Spring and Summer in a celebration of the seasons. Here are some ideas for enjoying May Day with your little ones...
Because potatoes are a staple of the Irish diet, I thought it might be fun to explore some ways to learn using potatoes. So, here for your pleasure and enjoyment is a Preschool Potato Curriculum.
Theodor Seuss Geisel, better known as 'Dr. Seuss,' wrote and illustrated 48 children's books. Geisel was born on March 2, 1904. His most famous children's book, The Cat In The Hat, was published in 1957. So, 2007 marks the 50th birthday of Dr. Seuss!
There are many activities you can do at home and within your extended community to help your child develop social and emotional skills. Some of these skills are only necessary to learn in the preschool years (ages 2-5) if you intend to place your child in a public or private school for kindergarten.
Valentine's Day is on February 14th. Little kids seem to intrinsically understand a day set aside each year to celebrate love. Here are some fun and educational Valentine's Day activities to do with your little ones...
There are a variety of activities you can do at home that correlate with the cognitive developmental stage of 2-5 year olds and the typical preschool course of study. Preschool educators say children ages 2-5 should have certain motor skills in order to begin formal academic learning in the school or homeschool environment. Here are the skills they identify...
There are a variety of activities you can do at home that correlate with the cognitive developmental stage of 2-5 year olds and the typical preschool course of study. Two key concepts are Position and Direction.
Ground Hog's Day is coming on February 2nd! Here are some fun and educational ideas for celebrating with your little ones...
You start teaching as soon as your baby is born. When you feed her, change her diaper, and hold her, your newborn learns she is loved. But when does a baby begin to learn math?
This is the season of enchantment, heavenly aromas, warm hearths and company. Homeschooling families should be able to enjoy it without guilt or anxiety. To help you avoid homeschool burnout and holiday stress, I created a 'course-of-study' that will not only satisfy national curriculum standards (so you can relax), but will also let you enjoy this magical time of year with your family.
After a long and difficult journey, the Mayflower, landed in America on December 26, 1620. The Pilgrims settled into an old Native American village to protect themselves from New England's cold winter. Read all about the story of The Three Sisters in this Native American Curriculum for Thanksgiving.
Halloween is a very old holiday that is still celebrated in countries around the world today, and each country has it's own interesting set of customs and traditions. Halloween can be a lot of fun with a little imagination and creativity!
To help develop reading readiness in your young children we have provided some activities that correlate with the cognitive developmental stage of 2-5 year olds and the typical preschool course of study. Here are some key concepts, experiences, and skills that educators think children ages 2-5 should have in order to develop reading readiness.
There are a variety of activities you can do at home that correlate with the cognitive developmental stage of 2-5 year olds and the typical preschool course of study. Two of the key skills that preschool educators think children ages 2-5 should have in order to begin formal academic learning - in the school or homeschool environment - are Listening and Sequencing.
Fall signals an abundance of apples! My family kicked off our homeschooling each and every year by visiting a u-pick apple orchard. Get fun curriculum ideas your kids will love.
Learning The Concepts Of Size, Colors, Shapes, Numbers, And Counting - When you teach your children about big and little you're teaching them to observe and compare the world around them. Here are some simple activities that provide lots of comparison opportunities.
You hear a lot in the media about how researchers in the field of early childhood education say the early years of life, from ages 0-5, are the prime time for brain development. They tell us that children should be exposed to numerous experiences that lead to cognitive development so that they will have academic success when they begin school.
I ate a nectarine the other day, and when I was through -- out of old habit -- I started to wash the seed. I laughed out loud at myself. I haven't done that since my sons were very young...
The light, fresh scent of lemons is perfect on a summer day. Their bright, yellow color is uplifting too. Lemons provide the ingredient we need to make refreshing lemonade -- and they are wonderful tools for other hands-on learning activities that kids love. Here are some fun, lemony ideas to try with your little ones....
The following historical information has been written in very simple story form with young children in mind. I hope your little one enjoys this brief story about the birth of America!
When you think of summer, what's the first thing that comes to mind? Why not get the summer rolling by sharing what you like about summer with your child and ask them to tell you what s/he likes about summer.
Celebrate the Summer with your little ones. The first day of Summer is normally on June 21st. Also called the Summer Solstice. To kick off the summer festivities break out the art supplies and invite your children to make their own sun.
Does your little one love pizza enough to ask for it everyday, sometimes at every meal? If you're a parent that gives in to the constant pizza request, you are not alone...
I love dandelions -- they are such a wonderful gift from Mother Nature! There is just something about them that makes me smile! Since dandelions are everywhere at this time of year, I thought I'd share some fun and educational ideas that you and your children may enjoy...
Traveling long distances with little ones can be a stressful undertaking but it doesn't have to be. Here are some ideas for learning with preschoolers in the car.
Spring is in the air! It's a great time to let your children explore the newness of nature! Celebrate the first days of Spring with these activities!
Did you know that Tuesday, March 1, 2011 is Pancake Day? Not only is Tuesday Pancake Day, but it kicks off Pancake Week throughout the world! Pancakes provide all of the ingredients necessary for lots of learning fun!
Need some ideas for educational toys, games, and DVDs for preschool age children? Check these recommendations.
Why and How You Should Teach Your Toddler At Home - Find out what's behind the claims that government mandated and funded 'universal preschool' will stop crime, secure your child's future, save social security and provide a free government nanny.
Pumpkins are a big part of the landscape at this time of year and will remain so through the Thanksgiving holiday. Learn how to use pumpkins as an educational adventure for your preschoolers...
Cranberries are everywhere at this time of year and you can use them to learn all kinds of fun things with your young children.
Fall is such a fun time to explore the world with little kids! You can teach them so much just by commenting out loud about the changes taking place in nature.
Camping with little kids requires lots of patience as you introduce them to all of the unfamiliar sights, sounds, and safety hazards of the great outdoors. Depending on the temperament of any given young child camping can be a success or a disaster. One way to prepare little kids for a real camping trip or to camp without too much hassle is to have a backyard campout.
There are many natural learning opportunities available for young children all summer long. Here are a few ideas to try with your little ones...
Some things are crucial and need to be learned in the preschool years. Certain foundational aspects of character, family life and self-care development sets the stage for future growth and learning.
When my kids were little, I looked at any unusual, natural occurrence as an opportunity to have fun learning. This week Mother Nature offers a summer moon event that provides a wonderful way for kids to learn more about the moon -- or just have fun observing it and doing activities themed around it.
If the weather is keeping you indoors, here's a way to get a little exercise while introducing vocabulary and concepts needed for reading readiness skills.
How do you teach young children? What do you do all day? How do you provide a stimulating environment? These questions are asked frequently by parents of young children who understand the immense magnitude of what it means to take responsibility for their child's education.
If you have some dry-erase markers you can have some fun with your little ones while they develop coordination for handwriting skills.
Birdwatching provides lots of fun and exciting ways for young children to learn during the Winter, both indoors and outdoors! Here are some ideas:
One of the household chores my preschool-age sons enjoyed helping with was the laundry. I used it to teach them a number of readiness skills -- so I generally planned to do the laundry when we had plenty of time.
St. Patrick's Day will soon be here. On St. Patrick's Day the Irish take pride in their heritage and lore as they celebrate the feast day of St. Patrick, Bishop and Patron Saint of Ireland. I thought it only fitting to provide some celebrating tips for your wee ones...
What to do with the little ones when you're stuck inside? Here are a few ideas... Go On A Scavenger Hunt. Make An Indoor Sandbox...
Let's talk about music and what simple things you can do to incorporate music into your preschooler's life. It is essential to their brain growth and development. Here's why...
Little kids can learn a lot about plants and the life cycle by growing things at home. A garden is a wonderful learning environment for young children, but if you don't have the space or time for an outdoor garden, you can experiment with a number of plants right on your windowsill!
Little kids become aware of money at an early age. It is a perfect way to introduce math concepts from sorting to counting and eventually it can help with learning how to add, subtract, multiply, divide and much more.
Little kids love to dress up in costumes and grown-up clothes. I kept a big costume box filled with all kinds of clothing articles that the kids could use to act out any character that came to mind -- often inspired by stories we had read. They dressed up and pretended to be a daddy, mommy, doctor, fire fighter, police officer, chef, grocer, letter carrier, dancer, sports personality, rock star, etc...
Talking to your children has academic benefits that will last a lifetime. Children who hear lots of discussion, conversation, and language have a distinct advantage over those that do not.
You've no doubt seen bumper stickers asking, 'Have you hugged your child today?' It's not just a nice sentiment. It's a reminder that children need physical affection as much as they need food, water, and air for healthy development.
I'm sure you've heard it on the news -- obesity among chidren is epidemic. Kids, like adults, just don't get enough exercise. Sitting in a classroom or in front of the TV or computer simply doesn't lend itself to physical fitness.
Lots of little kids like butter. Did you know that it is thought that Arabs discovered butter? According to legend it was a delicious accident...
Most little kids are attracted to animals of all kinds. There are lots of ways to expose your children to a variety of animals aside from adopting pets.
The weather provides all kinds of inspiration for learning. Rainbows are an especially wondrous sight courtesy of Mother Nature.
Saying that a structured study program for a young child is inappropriate is not at all the same as saying that learning is unimportant during the early years.
Little children enjoy marking the seasons of the year, and it helps them to begin to understand the concepts of the passage of time, and the calendar with its months, weeks, and days as well.
Learning with Little Lulu Lemon — This exciting eBook includes over 25 fun, hands-on activities and recipes themed around the versatile lemon that the whole family will enjoy.
Universal Preschool's Learning Calendar! — Enjoy over 190 fun, historic, and event-themed activities for learning with little ones all year long.
These eBooks will save you time and money and give your children a head start on early learning in a fun, playful, and developmentally appropriate way.
The Cambridge Edition of the Works of Ben Jonson Online contains a wealth of additional content, including the recently discovered diary of Jonson's 'Foot Voyage' to Scotland, extra letters written to Jonson, early attempts at a biography, further material relating to the masques and poems and numerous contemporary references to Jonson's works and reputation.
The online edition presents Jonson’s complete writings for readers of the twenty-first century, in the light of current editorial thinking and recent scholarly interpretation and discovery. It offers a clear sense, afforded by no other previous edition, of the shape, scale, and variety of the entire Jonsonian canon. At the same time, it is the first edition to use digital technology to give a dynamic insight into Jonson’s processes of composition and to reveal the editorial choices which underpin the modernized text.
The Print Edition was published by Cambridge University Press in July 2012. This provides well-annotated modernized texts for pleasurable reading and serious study for anyone wishing to explore the work of Shakespeare’s greatest contemporary. The Online Edition presents a fully searchable version of the Print Edition, including all the original introductions, collations, and commentary, but it complements, develops, and vastly extends the Print Edition with a large and flexible array of textual and contextual materials. The textual components consist of hundreds of digital images and dozens of searchable old-spelling transcriptions of the early printed versions of Jonson’s texts and some of the major manuscripts. Presented in an array that allows both for individual viewing and for on-screen comparison, these images and old-spelling texts can be explored independently or in close conjunction with the modern-spelling version. The reader can call up any combination of modern-spelling text, old-spelling transcriptions, and digital images, and move flexibly between them. Together, they give an unprecedented sense of the character and richness of Jonson’s texts in their early published forms, and their complex and diverse variants
In addition, the Online Edition includes a comprehensive body of essays and archives necessary for full study of Jonson’s life, performance history, and afterlife. In total, the edition contains 167 modern-spelling and 76 old-spelling texts, 590 contextual documents, 89 essays, over 4000 high-quality images, and nearly 150 music scores with accompanying MIDI files. It also lists details of more than 1400 stage performances, and has a cross-linked bibliography of over 6700 items. Other archival materials include a Literary Record, transcribing documents relating to Jonson’s reputation and afterlife, edited by Hugh Craig; the Foot Voyage into Scotland, a recently-discovered diary of Jonson’s walk to Edinburgh in 1618, edited by James Loxley, Julie Sanders, and Anna Groundwater; ten letters written to Jonson, edited by Ian Donaldson, Jason Rosenblatt and Winfried Schleiner; essays on writings dubiously ascribed to Jonson, edited by Karen Britland; and additional collations to Jonson’s non-dramatic verse as it is reproduced in 550 scribal manuscripts, by Colin Burrow. The Online Edition is designed to allow this wealth of additional content to be accessed independently or used in close interaction with the modern-spelling text.
Copyright © 2018 UniversoJus.com Por favor, comuniquese con nosotros ante cualquier error, denuncia y/o reclamo | Políticas de Privacidad y Exención de Responsabilidad
Dec 29, 2017: Veteran England batsman Alastair Cook has admitted that he could have been dropped for the final Ashes Test had he not returned to form in Melbourne
Multiple trademarks can exist because trademark law originated to protect the use of a given trademark with respect to specific goods or services. The trademark user created those goods or supplied those services and distributed those goods or services in association with a trademark (for goods) or a service mark (for services) which the public thereafter came to understand identified the source (or creator) of the particular goods or services.
Without an identification to particular goods or services, trademarks and service marks do not exist. It is possible, and quite common, for a given trademark to be associated with goods created by one person, and for the exact same trademark to be associated with entirely different goods created by some other person. The key to whether or not those identical marks are in conflict is whether or not the public in general is likely to be confused as to the source or origin of the goods associated with the identical marks. It is unlikely, for example, that the public is going to confuse the use of the word "windows" with respect to a computer operating system with Gienow Windows & Doors with respect to conventional windows in buildings. At the other extreme, a vendor who sought to sell conventional windows in buildings under the name Geenow Windows & Doors might well expect to receive a cease and desist notice from the people at Gienow Windows & Doors.
A virtually limitless number of factual situations can be postulated between these two extremes, and whether or not one mark is in conflict with another is to be determined by one of the most subjective tests in the law: whether or not the public is likely to be confused as to the source or origin of the goods or services in question. To come back to the example, the public will not believe that the Microsoft operating system comes from Gienow Windows & Doors, or that conventional windows in buildings are products of Microsoft (another topic, not covered here, is sheer size - it is more likely that the public would believe that a behemoth like Microsoft had expanded into the windows-for-buildings market than that Gienow was now marketing a computer operation system, but we leave that issue for another time).
Where the question of whether or not this confusion between one product or service and another is answered in the affirmative, trademark law traditionally protected the first party to use the trademark, and this concept survives to this day. Trademark rights are to be determined, generally, in favor of the first user.
This brings us to another wrinkle in trademark law: since the test is the likelihood of confusion, the locality of the market has to be taken into consideration. Assuming Gienow Windows & Doors are not distributed in Japan, it is entirely possible that a Japanese manufacturer could operate under the name Geenow Windows & Doors (or even Gienow Windows & Doors) without confusing the Japanese public who, in the example, simply have no awareness of the existence of the American trademark Gienow Windows & Doors. The same rule applies to Microsoft, except that its "locality" is world-wide.
To better understand the foregoing, let's take a look at the anatomy of a specific (although fictional) trademark infringement case. There will be portions of the story which may be confusing because of the very nature of trademark law, and the reader may not wish to follow every nuance. There will be no test. Hopefully, however, following this story will give the reader a better understanding of a difficult subject. If you happen upon it before it is finished, feel free to bookmark it and come back to additional material later, since new sections will be uploaded as they are completed until the story is fully told. More.
Appellant was not able to attend the civil hearing, nor have it brought to him because of a dangerously low white blood cell count. Instead, he was quarantined where only a medical staff would be around him. According to A.R.S. §36-535(B) the hearing must be held within six days of when the petition is filed. Appellant’s health would not improve before the deadline of the statute.
Affidavits submitted to the trial court by doctors “indicated that Appellant was persistently or acutely disabled and in need of involuntary commitment.”
The trial court ruled Appellant was “acutely disabled and in need of court-ordered mental health treatment.”
1. Whether a court may proceed with a hearing when a patient is absent from the evidentiary hearing, required by the A.R.S. §36-539(C), without first finding that the patient cannot appear through any other means.
2. Whether “a person facing civil commitment have the right to effective assistance of counsel, and if so, how is a claim of ineffective assistance of counsel to be resolved.”
1. Involuntary treatment involves a massive curtailment of liberty, “a patient facing civil commitment must be afforded due-process protection.”
2. In determining whether due process has been afforded in a civil commitment case, we look to the three-factor test set forth Mathews v. Eldridge, 424 U.S. 319, 96 S. Ct. 893, 47 L. Ed. 2d 18, 1976 U.S. LEXIS 141, 41 Cal. Comp. Cas 920 (U.S. 1976).
First, the private interest that will be affected by the official action; second, the risk of an erroneous deprivation of such interest through the procedures used, and the probable value, if any, of additional or substitute procedural safeguards; and finally, the Government’s interest, including the function involved and the fiscal and administrative burdens that the additional or substitute procedural requirement would entail. – Id.
1. First, the court said: One’s liberty is reduced during confinement. To protect against unjust loss of liberty one of the procedural safeguards needed is the opportunity to be heard at civil commitments.
2. Second, it can be very difficult in the eyes of the law to come to a definite psychiatric diagnosis. Thus the procedures above must be used otherwise there is a high degree of erroneous deprivation of an individual’s liberty. In this case, the plaintiff asks the court to allow patients to appear telephonically before the court, which would give the proceedings a greater degree of accuracy.
3. The court cannot find a reason why to bar a patient from defending himself telephonically. Even though A.R.S. §36-539(c) allows the court to render a decision without the plaintiff, the court views that the patient should have every opportunity to defend himself. In the chance that he cannot be physically present other methods should be considered, like telephonically.
The plaintiff argues his attorney was not effective in representing him. Among the list of things his lawyer did not do: “interviewed him (the plaintiff), did not seek to have him participate at the hearing, offered no evidence at the hearing to oppose the petition, cross-examined only one witness (which permitted that witness to testify about the need for mental health treatment) and made no closing argument.” In re MH2010-002637, 228 Ariz. 74, 263 P.3d 82 (Ct. App. 2011).
The court says that an effective attorney is a due process issue,and without a competent attorney there is a much higher chance that errors can be made in the process and decision.
The appellate court sent the case back to the trial court for it to be retried using the standards in this opinion.
*Nothing written on this blog is intended as legal advice. While this blog will look at legal issues it should only be used for informational and entertainment purposes. I am not an attorney in any way, shape or form. If you need an attorney, please hire one.
Unternehmensberater Labor | People & Projects e.K. Gesellschaft für Headhunting und Executive Search. Wir bieten individuelle Top-Level-Management-Lösungen.
*Neighborhood Nursery School, Christian Cooperative, Community Nursery School and UW-O Head Start Sites have individual calendars and school hours. See the links above for printable calendars.
Description Today is a 2 hour late start day for the Appleton School District. There will be no AM 4K classes - please note that Head Start 4K classes will begin two hours late.
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "AASD Late Start - No AM 4K Classes", or just this one?
When you use Sales Infinite crm software solutions for your Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, you enjoy all the advantages of Software as a Service (SaaS). Sales Infinite CRM solution is not a particular software product, but rather the method of delivering applications over the Internet, usually via a modern Web browser interface.
Sales Infinite CRM software solution is an advanced Customer Relationship Management (CRM) suite that powers the online marketing activity of any sized company. Leveraging a wide variety of web-based marketing functionality, our bespoke CRM solution takes sales organizations to a new level of digital marketing activity.
Tuts Publication Network is a social bookmarking site powered by people like YOU! This is a place to discover, submit, vote and discuss interesting and remarkable content found on the web that is of great interest for the community members. Read More
Powered by Wordpress Blog, Wordpress Themes found at desserts wordpress themes, themes sponsored by email fax number
bciYlm Wow! This can be one particular of the most helpful blogs We've ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Wonderful. I'm also an expert in this topic so I can understand your effort.
Google Apps refresher training provided for the employees from various regional Offices under Gelephu Region on 13th September, 2017 by a Team from DITT and ICT cluster Division
Signing of Annual Performance(APA) for FY 2017-2018 between Thrompon and Executive Secretary, Gelephu Thromde on 4th September,2017
Gelephu Thromde is pleased to invite sealed bids from eligible and qualified bidders for the Operation and Collection of Parking Fees within core town,Gelephu.
Bid must be delivered to Procurement Section, Gelephu Thromde on or before 08/10/2018 at 10:00 AM and will be opened on the same day at 10:30AM in the presence of the bidders who wishes to attend.
hypothetical or theoretical and not expected to produce an immediate or practical result; "an academic discussion"; "an academic question"
Categories UncategorizedTags backdrop, backdrops, Baton Rouge, Biloxi, booths, carpet, convention, conventions, crowd control, dressing rooms, event, event rental, events, hammond, joe vuci, lafayette, louisiana, mississippi, new orleans, pipe & drape, pipe and drape, Red Carpet, rental, rentals, screening roms, skirted table, stage, stage skirting, staging, stanchions, tack boards, temporary dressing rooms, temporary screening rooms, trade show, trade shows, upperline, upperline event productions, upperline events, velour, velvet rope, vuci
Victory Teamwear not only supply top quality Teamwear but we also embroider and personalise all items when required, all you need do is supply your crest (DST File) and we do the rest!
SYS-CON.tv is unique multimedia resource - enabled by Flash video - bringing you timely interviews, news, expert panels, and features on all that's new and all that's best among i-Technology products and services.
In accordance with our Comment Policy, we encourage comments that are on topic, relevant and to-the-point. We will remove comments that include profanity, personal attacks, racial slurs, threats of violence, or other inappropriate material that violates our Terms and Conditions, and will block users who make repeated violations. We ask all readers to expect diversity of opinion and to treat one another with dignity and respect.
Twenty-something Laura Reynolds is a free spirit who questions social conventions, laws and regulations. A struggling artist, she lives in a secluded beach-side cabin in Big Sur with her nine year old illegitimate son, Danny, on who she has instilled her values. Because of this questioning of convention, Laura has decided to home school Danny. Also because of this questioning of the law, Danny runs into some legal problems, and as such is court ordered to be sent to San Simeon, a Christian school in Monterey. This order is against Laura's wishes. The school's headmaster is Dr. Rev. Edward Hewitt, who tries to convince Laura that San Simeon is not the prison she probably believes it to be. Married for twenty-one years to his faithful wife Claire, Edward has become more a fund-raiser at all cost (for a new chapel) rather than an educator or priest. Despite their differences, Laura and Edward begin to fall for each other. Both but especially Edward have to reconcile their feelings for ... Written byHuggo
Somnolence (or "drowsiness") is a state of near-sleep, a strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (c.f. hypersomnia). ...
4 декабря компания МЕТЛАНА совместно с компанией АВИС-Клининг организовала семинар в Уфе на тему "Простые и эффективные решения задач повседневного клининга в коммерческой недвижимости и HoReCa". В рамках семинара были рассмотрены следующие темы:
The 20L Dash Pack delivers super-light form and multiple day pack functions for your favourite activities. The streamlined, durable design is lightweight and top-loading for quick and easy access, so you can push the speed barrier without being weighed down. A removable back rest doubles as a seat.
Our Unisac 20L Pack v4 is an old-school style pack with classic design details. It fits right in to any school or campus environment with its road-less-travelled look. It has a padded back panel and padded shoulder straps for comfort, a wide main interior compartment, with a 15-inch laptop sleeve.
…bags in one tiny package, the Pocket Tote converts into a backpack with tuck-away ventilated mesh shoulder straps. The most versatile of our pack&GO range, with two external bottle pockets and lashing points for attaching little necessities. Tuck it into its own pocket for easy storage when not in…
…technology and gear while seamlessly fitting into any environment, whether you’re travelling, commuting or going about your daily adventures. The Axis easily converts from a backpack to messenger bag, giving you two different carrying options, with loads of pockets and storage compartments.
…occasional Great Walk, the 65L Archon is the pack for you: sturdy and reliable, made from tough Cordura® fabric, it has everything you need (bottle pockets, pole and bed-roll attachments) and nothing you don t. The easily adjustable RS2 harness has a small to XL range built in to the harness design.…
The 55L Overland is specifically designed for experienced travellers who pack light and travel hard off the beaten track. It’s constructed of durable, tough gridTECH fabric and opens like a suitcase for easy-access to gear, with an overlapping lockable lid to make it completely secure and…
…track with your friends one weekend, and send it to a school camp with your teenager the next: you ll both find the Katun to be exactly what you need. Twin bottle pockets and a hydration port keep you hydrated. The top-loading lid has a lid pocket, and side compression straps help secure your gear.
The 65L Entrada Backpack is an ideal lightweight pack for travellers. From the handy, detachable 15L Gluon Ora daypack to the luggage-style opening, the Entrada is designed for your overseas experience. It has a comfortable, easily adjustable harness, lockable zips and a storm flap over the main zip…
The world is at your feet with the evolution of our classic 70L Interloper gridTECH Pack. This pack is designed for adventure travel and trekking. Tough gridTECH fabric can take a beating, while the adjustable, ergonomic C3 ADAPT® harness offers the ultimate in long distance carrying comfort. The…
The 28L Arc Pack is the ultimate commuter backpack. It has everything you need on your daily commute, with separate pockets and sleeves for everything from laptops, to bike gears, to a change of clothes. With a built-in rain cover and reflective trims, you ll be seen and protected, good or bad…
The world is at your feet with the evolution of our latest 70L Interloper gridTECH Pack. This pack is designed for adventure travel and trekking. Tough gridTECH fabric can take a beating, while the adjustable, ergonomic womensFIT C3 ADAPT harness offers the ultimate in long distance carrying…
The 15L Mirage AMA pack is robust and loaded with features for day-long mountain bike adventures. The extra room allows you to carry everything you need for dawn to dusk action.
…grab-and-go Shuttle 40L Cargo is the ideal travel bag, a versatile hybrid of a cargo bag and backpack, with a three-way harness for easy transport: carry it as a duffle bag, shoulder bag or backpack. It quickly transitions from carry-on to adventure-ready, large enough to fit your gear without…
…dining is underrated get back into it with the help of a roomy, four person cooler bag. The Roamer Picnic Cooler Backpack can store 18 litres of cuisine and refreshments. Lined with aluminium foil, you can carry it as a backpack or by using its straps, with or without the detachable picnic set.
Weather protection in your pocket! The Pocket-it Kids' Rain Jacket easily fits in your backpack for emergency weather protection. This versatile, seam-sealed water and wind resistant jacket packs away into its own left front pocket for compact storage. Part of our pack&GO solution.
…right size for an overnight hike, the latest Altai 50L Backpack has everything you need and nothing you don t. The breathable harness has been designed with climaticZONING to keep air flowing around your body s hot spots. Hip belt pockets keep essential stuff handy so you don t have to stop until…
The 55L Overland is specifically designed for experienced female travelers who pack light and travel hard off the beaten track. It’s constructed of durable, tough gridTECH fabric and opens like a suitcase for easy-access to gear, with an overlapping lockable lid to make it completely secure…
…Pack is as good as a daypack gets. Designed for serious day-hikes, this lightweight top-loading pack has a comfortable, breathable APS-LT harness for serious airflow around your back. Stay hydrated easily using the stretchy side bottle pockets or the built-in hydration bladder (sold separately).
Summit Club is for people who love travel and the outdoors. We want to experience other cultures and look for new challenges every day.
adidas Men's Metro III Soccer Sock (Black/White, Large: Men's Shoe Size 9-13, Women's Shoe Size 10-12+)
Granito Color Marron - This is the latest information about Granito Color Marron, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Interior, Como Decorar Tu Casa Nueva was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Como Decorar Tu Casa Nueva has viewed by 82392 visitor.
Interior, Armario Auxiliar Cocina was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Armario Auxiliar Cocina has viewed by 50875 visitor.
Interior, Sofas De Exterior Jardin was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Sofas De Exterior Jardin has viewed by 63076 visitor.
Interior, Colores De Casas Interiores was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Colores De Casas Interiores has viewed by 28095 visitor.
Interior, Paredes Habitacion Infantil was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Paredes Habitacion Infantil has viewed by 28413 visitor.
Interior, Hogar Decoracion Y Diseno was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Hogar Decoracion Y Diseno has viewed by 34157 visitor.
Interior, Zapateras De Cajas De Madera was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Zapateras De Cajas De Madera has viewed by 57837 visitor.
Interior, Piso 90 Metros Cuadrados was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Piso 90 Metros Cuadrados has viewed by 26078 visitor.
Interior, Cocinas Modernas 2016 was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Cocinas Modernas 2016 has viewed by 53775 visitor.
Interior, Fabrica Sofa Cama 2 Plazas was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Fabrica Sofa Cama 2 Plazas has viewed by 73593 visitor.
Interior, Ideas Para Arreglar Tu Casa was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Ideas Para Arreglar Tu Casa has viewed by 67946 visitor.
Interior, Chollos Inmobiliarios was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Chollos Inmobiliarios has viewed by 7530 visitor.
Interior, Casas Con Cobertizos was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Casas Con Cobertizos has viewed by 93657 visitor.
Interior, Muebles De La Casa was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Muebles De La Casa has viewed by 33021 visitor.
Interior, Planos Caseta Jardin was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Planos Caseta Jardin has viewed by 35124 visitor.
Interior, Puerta 9 Luna Park was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Puerta 9 Luna Park has viewed by 49307 visitor.
Interior, Mesa Comedor Precio was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Mesa Comedor Precio has viewed by 35271 visitor.
Interior, Piso 4 Habitaciones Oviedo was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Piso 4 Habitaciones Oviedo has viewed by 16303 visitor.
Interior, Decoracion De Pared Para Matrimonio was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Decoracion De Pared Para Matrimonio has viewed by 1959 visitor.
Interior, Mezcladora Para Ducha Sodimac was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Mezcladora Para Ducha Sodimac has viewed by 21079 visitor.
Winsome can be set by natural tournaments such as scoring ends or passage a streak original, or by the tenacity of umpires who are scoring members of the sporting recital, including just or individual capacitys such as technical act or artistic print.
There is only one Australian company that sells its design furniture internationally – in 90+ cities across USA, Europe, China and Middle East.
Our designs are influenced by traditional artisan skills passed by master craftsmen through the generations. Every Pacific Green item has a heritage and a sense of its global origin.
All pieces are sculpted by hand from superior natural materials sourced around the world. Structurally reinforced to last a lifetime.
Furniture uses PALMWOOD, a sustainable alternative to rainforest hardwood exclusive to Pacific Green.
solid granite top kitchen cart island best 25 wood countertops ideas on pinterest kitchen island diy projects the cottage market most pinned and best diy kitchen ideas of 2014 4 diy diy kitchen countertops ideas top 20 diy kitchen backsplash ideas painted kitchen cabinets kitchen cabinet ideas 10 easy stylish diy kitchen organizing ideas the cottage market 12 diy kitchen storage ideas for more space in the kitchen kitchen mat diy projects the cottage market
True, I was immediately dragged out of it, reminding me that it was stupid to give up without trying, and to be more precise, France squeezed my palm under the table gently and confidently and confidently. They want to make sure that everyone is okay with their choices - essentially asking for permission to live their life the way they want. Not specifically about your view of history which I still think is importantbut the way you think about Nature in general.
As for whether or not Lutherans have the real presence, the fact is you present the Catholic view properly. Jessica biel naked photos. Tareekh-i-adab-i-Urdu: the monumental, four-volume history of Urdu literature by Jameel Jalibi. Remember, you are only asking to be treated as an equal and not making big demands.
With this there was no problem, no and never will be, just met Elizabeth in the museum and she suggested. Latin LoversUndressed by the BossInternational Billionaires Greek TycoonsMistress to a MillionaireThe Sheikh TycoonsWedlocked. But the most important point here is that working hours are totally unpredictable. Bond nude scenes. Topics to be covered include: translational symmetry and Bloch's theorem, rotational symmetry and group representation, electron-electron interaction and Hartree-Fock equations, APW, OPW, pseudopotential and LCAO schemes of energy band calculations, Boltzmann equation and thermoelectric phenomena, optical properties of semiconductors, insulators and metals, origin of ferromagnetism, models of Heisenberg, Stoner and Hubbard, Kondo effect.
And now the question is, if people know that somebody is rearranging their environment to trick them, will they be resentful. The Lord said: Because the daughters of Zion are haughty and walk with outstretched necks, glancing wantonly with their eyes, mincing along as they go, tinkling with their feet, therefore the Lord will strike with a scab the heads of the daughters of Zion, and the Lord will lay bare their secret parts.
I am curious why you think outward appearances have grave effect on spirituality. For more information about our graduation rates, the median debt of students who completed the program, and other important information, please refer to the Gainful Employment Disclaimers. Melinda delivers firsthand practical advice on how to be the successful entrepreneur. For those moments when they thought that I did not hear, I heard a lot of indignant whispers about zebra.
Why is it that the in-laws cannot trust their son to remember his duties towards them, even if he got married.
Literally on the fly, everything is enough, even the most complex dialects. You see, I'm not as straightforward as I could have been, he whispered, wrapping a strand of my hair around my finger. Nude girls with pubic hair. You can, of course, tell everything about Crystal, but who guaranteed that she will not run to consult her friends from the Guild.
Think about it: If you were having a conversation with someone who was obviously trying to woo you and was obviously nervously about it, would you be attracted. Jenny Cavilleri, a sharp-tongued, working-class beauty studying music at Radcliffe. You could get kicked off of sports teams, face humiliation, lose educational opportunities and even get in trouble with the law.
A great party is the best way to keep your staff involved, relaxed and appreciative. Photographs can be used as a means of identifying children when they are accompanied with personal information - this is X who lives at Y, is a member of the Z Tennis club and who likes a certain music group.
Archeological excavations in the Near E have illuminated and supplemented Biblical history, which is largely Israelite history. The Structure and Flow of the Book The book of Job opens portraying Job as a wealthy and righteous nobleman.
Because I'm used to these manners and customs, it's actually a culture shock for me in North America when people aren't nearly as well-behaved and polite haha. Oh, relax, the main thing is to stretch out the summer, and there, in Yale, he will not reach us.
It turns out that they were nannies and housekeepers who worked for the Basses. Awkward first time sex I can work with, however brushing my teeth in a bathroom sink that looks like it's growing a new species, I cannot. Horror Urdu Novel PDF Free Download Read Online Nag ka Pujari From urdufanclub.
In her first show on the Australian tour, Adele performed for two hours, belting out all the favourites like Rolling in the Deep, Skyfall, and Hello.
tall folding table world outdoor products professional make up pro directors chair with two side extra high tables.
tall folding table modern dining legs bamboo furniture outdoor indoor garden portable camping 36 inch.
Instruction will likely help them know regarding their correct as delivered in constitutions. It may also help them in knowing about legislations like Defense of Scheduled castes and Scheduled tribes (avoidance of Atrocities act, 1989), commissions like National commission for Scheduled Castes, beneficial discrimination as in reservation for scheduled castes, constitutional authorities like Commissioner for SC and ST and so forth.
In the latter 50 percent of twentieth century, an extremely potent civil legal rights movement began in United states of america. It demanded that the black community which constituted a minority in comparison to The bulk white inhabitants, be presented equivalent rights. This motion was spearheaded by Martin Luther King, who was greatly encouraged via the ideas of non-violence and Satyagraha propounded by our beloved Gandhi ji.
Once i started out writing i was not able to consider any drawback of democracy like a method. So i began wondering through the point of view of defenders of authoritarian routine. And details started out coming. To begin with really obscure but little by little i could Obtain factors.
A revolution is radical in nature and strategies adopted may become violent. The aim of the revolution is to bring down the present program and swap it using a new system. For instance the Arab revolution, Bolshevik revolution, French revolution.
The raising intolerance Amongst the individuals will have to not converge into revolution and that is very little but mobocracy. The examples of revolutions like naxalism can in no way deliver a brand new social buy. It may possibly only cause chaos, breeds extremism, maximize factionalism and result in a fractured mandate while in the political procedure of the region. The recent coups in African nations keep testimony to The truth that nearly all of groundbreaking movements disregard community worry and existing method of government devoid of delivering any feasible alternate.
But there is a sense amongst people today that democracy happens to be an excessive amount of rule bound, Institutions and strategies are becoming end in them selves instead of getting a way to achieve general public welfare.
You do not have to accept my contribution in your publications. I have an excessive amount of practical experience with IRBs, data privacy and ethics. I comprehend the necessity of holding facts confidential and secure. All your information is kept on an encrypted hard disk drive inside a 24-hour protected Office environment.
With communications being an important skill for anybody coming into the workforce, our education and learning process recognizes this and strives to organize our college students by demanding them to boost this skill by writing assignments.
In India on the other hand, the social constructs define the habits of and in direction of the Ladies. We, for a nations of countless gods and goddesses worship gods and goddesses Nearly Similarly. We've got goddesses which give prosperity, information and joy to goddesses who're warriors and defenders of your humanity. But, In terms of dealing with Females in our people, we hardly treat them as equals. It begins from the moment These are born and occasionally before They can be born.
The shortage of affordability of greater training due to weak financial ailment and unavailability of establishments of larger schooling in neighborhood location is definitely an impediment.
The formation of SHGs could be the products of globalization which empowered the women and was ready to interrupt the patriarchal attitude infesting village daily life. These SHGs are tied to various industries in the towns and cities which created an earnings base for these women.
Gross enrollment ratio in increased training is often a urgent issue. Driven by article 21A of Structure, Right to instruction act has manufactured Most important education Obligatory for children in between eight to fourteen many years.
Universalization of Most important education is currently being carried out as per basic legal rights directive of 21A as a result of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan. Nevertheless, goal must be to universalize increased instruction dig this in addition.
Рособрнадзор издал Приказ №1467 от 26.08.2016 г. О лишении государственной аккредитации образовательной деятельности Частного образовательного учреждения высшего образования «Уральский институт бизнеса и управления»
The Forteresse Impériale Garrison, which is part of the 501st Legion, is a Star Wars costuming organization comprised of and operated by Star Wars fans. While it is not sponsored by Lucasfilm Ltd., it is Lucasfilm's preferred Imperial costuming group. Star Wars, its characters, costumes, and all associated items are the intellectual property of Lucasfilm. ©2017 Lucasfilm Ltd. & TM. All rights reserved. Used under authorization.
KFC was releasing a new sandwich with the message behind it of who is strong enough to eat it? They created a competition similar to wrestling in red sea mall in 2015.
BTG Tower Defence is the latest and greatest Tower Defence game. Use special towers to shoot your enemies before they reach their goal. BTG Tower Defence is unique in the fact that you'll be able to enter tournaments anywhere from a few people to 10's of thousands of people. May the best geek win!
Help these monsters meet up with their true loves by collecting the same colored hearts! Be careful not to catch the wrong color!
Bright sunshine gives much vitality to me.As spring is a beginning of a life,I should have a bright and vivid makeover also.
Want more ball rolling fun? Well the sequel is here! Zoom your way through 3 time based worlds to attain gems to have a go at the 10 master levels! Do you have what it takes to Scramball?
Become the ultimate soccer juggler in Ball Master. Use your hand and feet to juggle a soccer ball. Play free play modes or start a campaign and work your way to the top!
Puzzle Mania - Las Vegas is a smart puzzle game where you have to drag & drop the parts of the puzzle and place them on the correct position. As faster you are as better it is.
Please send details of these courses. Why the big hurry? What were you doing at the hospital? Is this seat vacant? They say it's incurable. I'd like to go on another cruise. This article has to go through the censor's office.
Gigi hates raw onions. Books make eras and nations, just as eras and nations make books. I'm beginning to think that I shouldn't have enlisted in the army. She called me the following day. There wasn't much light in the area. We searched everywhere but found nothing. She's planning a trip. I did not know this. They make themselves out to be poorer than they really are. Stan asked Edmund to provide another example.
To equip a dull, respectable person with wings would be but to make a parody of an angel. It is no use trying to persuade him. Sandip wouldn't let us in. Deborah managed to sell his car for a lot of money. I would've told you, but Elsa made me promise not to tell.
I feel lucky. Tell her to wait in the lobby. They say it's going to rain tonight. Did you come to town? It's not yet what you'd call finished but we're starting to get pretty good results. I can't stay home today. When did you fire them? I don't want Lester to know where I live. She has perfect teeth. There are seven of us.
Jessie does not speak of these things openly. Jess agreed to go. We want the government to serve the entire population. She borrows novels from Clifford. No one was at home. The wind is strong. Lynn has been waiting for Dave for more than three hours. I'm just taking pictures.
Shh, you're speaking too loudly. What are you grinning at? You can depend on Jack. Life seems to have been a constant struggle for her ever since she left home. Do you go there often? Because I didn't take the bus, I'm still not home. Bonnie never thought Shahid would actually graduate from college.
I don't think I can get through this. Should we have some lunch? It's great to see you so happy. I told Shari not to do it, but he did it anyway. Where is Damascus? We'll see who has the last laugh.
You don't like me anymore, do you? Isn't Jerry with you? He ran up the stairs. Wake us up in time for breakfast. Perhaps I have hurt your feelings, but that was not my intention. The meeting is ten days away. Keep money in a safe place. If the phone rings, don't answer. Make me understand. We know enough.
All materials on this site are taken from public sources and may be deleted at the request of their authors when there is evidence of authorship.
There are a few things you should be careful about while working with GemFire cache transactions and external databases:
The BEGIN statement, database operations and the PREPARE statement must all happen in the same connection session. In order to accomplish this, you will need to obtain the same JDBC connection session across multiple CacheWriter and TransactionWriter/TransactionListener invocations. One way to do this would be to lookup the connection (from a user managed Map) based on cacheTransactionManager.getTransactionId().
Make sure that the prepare transaction feature is enabled in your external database. For example, it is disabled in PostgreSQL by default. In PostgreSQL, the following property must be modified to enable it:
If you have not previously committed a previous transaction in this connection, start a database transaction by issuing a BEGIN statement.
At this point, the TransactionWriter is invoked. The TransactionWriter returns a TransactionEvent, which contains all the operations in the transaction. Call PREPARE TRANSACTION within your TransactionWriter code.
After a transaction is successfully committed in GemFire, TransactionListener is invoked. Call COMMIT PREPARED in the TransactionListener to commit the database transaction.
Short Description You've thwarted their plots, but never gotten close to an actual vampire. Now, you've got a vampire's travel plans. You know where he's going & how he's getting there. You've finally got the edge.
Short Description This annual seminar covers the latest news about new releases & upcoming projects from Joseph Goodman & his crew of writers, artists, & game designers is a highly-anticipated Gen Con event.
Yesterday I did the first speedwork of the year, 5x800 (4:22, 4:20, 4:18, 4:09, 4:13). Not great, but ok splits for someone trying to recover from a very mild cold - a cold so mild that I never got sick enough to skip work or other commitments. I was just very, very tired and slightly sniffly and had the lingering feeling that my head was stuffed full of jello. Christmas bug, you win...
Day 2 - Turn leftover sauce into gazpacho with the addition of salt, water, tomato paste, vinegar, hot sauce, great glugs of olive oil and two punchy cloves of garlic. (Do not consume immediately prior to interview, meeting or generally any human interaction.)
"Stop wasting energy on letting 'talentless' be a stumbling block!" - sage advice from my runnerd friend Desiree, when I complained I was struggling with being talentless and...you know... genetically challenged.
This is much harder to write. In this age of facebook and twitter and dailymile and athlinks, it's so easy to compare myself with other people. Other people who have been running, not even semi-seriously, for half as long as I have, and who are so talented they are able to waltz in and run my times with half the work. (And are genuinely nice people. And hot. And have the supernatural ability to not be a dishevelled, soggy mess after a workout - I am not one of those girls.)
I've had this struggle as long as I do...pretty much anything I love. There will always be more talented writers, more talented runners, more talented dancers. At least running is objective - a time is a time is a time. In the arts, the choreographer or dance instructor can have favourites, the publisher and prize committee can pick and choose.
It doesn't help to console myself with the knowledge that I work *hard* for everything I have - because the people with more talent work just as hard and shine brighter.
I must add: it's impossible to be miserable while running solo. I might be more or less tired than usual, but never miserable. It's when I run with other people that the trouble starts: other people motivate me, but I'm miserable when everyone else disappears into the distance (ahem, upcoming Green Corridor Run) and I am dead last.
I know comparing is a waste of energy, that I should buckle down and work even harder and keep breaking my PRs. But it's hard not to compare.
Mid Michigan TowingNorth Star Recovery Towing IncSemi Truck RepairSteve Winnies Safety First Wrecker ServiceTow TruckTowing ServiceTruck Service RepairWeigh Station
Golf Cars CartsGolf Cart PartsGolf Cart SalesGolf Cart ServiceGolf Carts For SaleTitan Golf CartUsed Golf Carts For Sale
Beers ConstructionContractorsGeneral ContractorsPlumbersReal EstateSchafour Builders IncSteel ErectorsStorage Sheds
Auto PartsCooks Auto PartsM 46 Auto Parts Sales IncManufacturing CompaniesUsed Auto PartsUsed Boat PartsUsed Motorcycle Parts
AparmentsApartmentApartments For RentCheap Studio ApartmentsEfficiency ApartmentsHomes For RentHouses For RentLow Income ApartmentsRental Vacancy Listing ServiceRoom For RentRooms For RentSection 8 Apartments
Beaverton Elementary SchoolBeaverton Rural SchoolsEdenville Elementary SchoolEducationElementary SchoolsFarwell High SchoolFulton Schools AdministrativeHavel Elementary SchoolHemlock Middle SchoolHemlock Public SchoolsSanford Elementary SchoolSchools Elementary MiSchools Public SchoolsShepherd Public SchoolsWashington Elementary
Beaverton Elementary SchoolBeaverton Rural SchoolsEdenville Elementary SchoolEducationFarwell High SchoolHemlock Middle SchoolHemlock Public Schools
Beaverton Elementary SchoolBeaverton Rural SchoolsEdenville Elementary SchoolEducationFarwell High SchoolHavel Elementary SchoolHemlock Middle SchoolHemlock Public SchoolsSanford Elementary SchoolSchools Elementary MiSchools Public SchoolsShepherd Public SchoolsWashington Elementary
Beaverton Rural SchoolsEdenville Elementary SchoolEducationSchools Elementary MiSchools Public SchoolsShepherd Public SchoolsWashington Elementary
Havel Elementary SchoolPublic SchoolsSanford Elementary SchoolSchools Elementary MiSchools Public SchoolsShepherd Public SchoolsWashington Elementary
Breckenridge Wheeler Township Volunteer Fire DepartmentCity GovernmentFire And Ice Catering Sound ProdutionsFire DepartmentsFremont TownshipGovernment CityMecosta Fire DepartmentVillage Of Department Of Public WorksWashington Township Fire Dept
Baptist ChurchesBlack Baptist ChurchesChurches Baptist IndependentChurches Places Of WorshipChurchsIndependent Baptist Churches
Compressed GasDisel FuelGas StationsHeating OilHome Heating Oil Delivery CompaniesManufacturing CompaniesMarathon Gas Station
Select...IndustrialFire ServiceFixed Gas and Flame DetectionState & Local GovernmentFederal Gov't. / Military
One step left! Thank you for your email subscription. We will send an email, including a confirmation link, to your email address. Please click on the link to complete your subscription. This confirmation ensures that an unauthorized person has not entered your email address. Check your spam folder as well.
Contact MSA Where to Buy MSA Sales Managers Training Service Interactive Tools Webdam Asset Library Order MSA Gear Product Registration Regulatory Information Warranty Claims
한국 교회에 잘 알려져 있고, 세계 복음주의 진영의 리더 중 한 명이 팀 켈러 목사가 목회하는 뉴욕 리디머(Redeemer)교회에 한인 2세인 아브라함 조 목사가 후임 목사로 장립을 받은 것으로 알려졌다.
Those suffering from back problems, especially those getting on in age should be especially aware of underlying, serious health conditions. Its important and potentially life saving to have yourself professionally evaluated by a licensed chiropractor or other qualified health professional when back pain arises. Proper evaluation is important not only to receive proper treatment for your back problems, but also, to rule out even more serious and sometimes life threatening conditions. In a recently published case report, researchers discuss a patient who presented to a doctor of chiropractics office presenting with the primary symptom of back pain. Upon chiropractic examination and radiographic studies, the patient was found to be suffering from the symptoms of an aortic aneurysm  not your standard, musculoskeletal cause of back pain. The patient was immediately referred for immediate medical intervention. Cases like this, while uncommon, do occur. Chiropractors are primary health care providers. This means when life-threatening conditions are present, chiropractors are highly skilled and trained at identifying these conditions and making the appropriate referral, when necessary.
According to research published in a recent issue of Archives of Internal Medicine, women who lead healthier lifestyles are 71 percent less likely to suffer from the most common form of stroke, ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes result from the blockage of arteries that supply blood to the brain and often lead to permanent disability as well as death. In the study, researchers identified those healthy habits that reduce the likelihood of suffering from ischemic stroke which include: abstinence from smoking, alcohol consumption in moderation, regular exercise, maintenance of a healthy bodyweight and consumption of a healthy, nutritious diet. With approximately a quarter of the 700,000 strokes occurring each year resulting in death and another quarter resulting in permanent disability, the importance of implementing these and other healthy lifestyle habits is nothing less than the difference between life and death.
Preliminary results from a small study of 50 men indicate that pomegranate juice may slow the progression of prostate cancer in men. Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men and occurs in one out of every ten US men with over 200,000 new cases diagnosed annually. When prostate cancer is present, a protein referred to as PSA is released and found within the bloodstream. The quicker the concentration of PSA increases in the blood, the quicker the cancer is progressing. Within this study, mens PSA doubling time was on average approximately 15 months before drinking the juice. Once the men began drinking eight ounces of pomegranate juice daily their PSA doubling times were extended to 54 months on average. While its too soon to jump to conclusions, with no side effects noted, regular consumption of pomegranate juice might not only be a delicious thirst quencher, but may additionally have some very powerful health benefits in men.
Of course, most all of us know that eating our vegetables is a healthy thing to do. New research continues to accumulate supporting the premise that we dont take this advice lightly. In a recent study on mice, a diet plentiful on broccoli, carrots, green beans, corn and peas resulted in significantly less artery narrowing than their little counterparts who werent provided a diet containing vegetables. There was also a reduction in cholesterol levels. Even though the study was conducted on mice, researchers were excited that this new study clearly showed a diet rich in vegetables had significant cardiovascular benefits of which can very likely be extended to humans, especially in preventing the formation and progression of atherosclerosis, a condition marked by plaquing/thickening of the artery walls that frequently leads to heart attack and stroke.
Can SI Joanne Stuart find the killer--before he finds her? A serial killer haunts the streets of Manchester, targeting vulnerable working girls in the dead of night. His signature: a tangled lock of hair in his victims' throats. As the body count rises, pressure mounts for the Greater Manchester Police and the National Crime Agency's Behavioural Sciences Unit. For Senior Investigator Joanne Stuart, the race is on to catch the twisted killer before he strikes again. With DCI Gordon Holmes on her back and the press following her every step, Jo will stop at nothing to bring the murderer to justice. But her separation from her partner, Abbie, is a distraction she can ill afford. As the hunt continues, will Jo be able to focus on the case or will her personal troubles have disastrous consequences? When Jo finds herself targeted by the killer, she realises that the game of cat and mouse she is playing could turn deadly...for her.
When the body of a man is discovered in woodlands outside Manchester, a ten-year missing-persons investigation can finally be filed away. But this was no ordinary death: gagged, bound and buried alive, he was the victim of a sophisticated and sadistic killer. And there is something else that has the National Crime Agency puzzled. A single character carved into a nearby tree. Newly promoted to the NCA's Behavioural Sciences Unit, Senior Investigator Joanne Stuart is determined to hunt down the perpetrator. Just as Jo's investigation begins to reveal links with other disappearances, there is another murder. This is no longer a cold case; she is dealing with the escalating violence of a chilling serial killer. Stepping into a sinister world of secrets, symbols and rituals, Jo will have to confront the legacy of her own past and the violent memories that lurk there if she is going to solve this case. But at what cost?
Detective Aimee Leduc goes undercover inside a neo-Nazi group to ferret out a killer in the old Jewish quarter of Paris.
The discovery of the decomposed body of a stowaway aboard a cargo ship leads Chief Medical Examiner Kay Scarpetta to a perilous international odyssey on a mission that could destroy her career and threatens her own life.
Christmas approaches. A killer dressed as a clown haunts the streets of Manchester. This is his reckoning. DCI Tom Caton and forensic profiler Kate Webb must follow the trail from the site of the old mass cholera graves, through the penthouse opulence of canalside apartments, to the Victorian Gothic grandeur of the Town Hall. Time is running out for Tom, Kate, and the City. The first in the acclaimed British Crime Fiction Series - the DCI Tom Caton Manchester Murder Mysteries. Winner of the 2011ePublishing Consortium Writers Award 2011, shortlisted for the Amazon Breakthrough Debut Novel Award, and the LongBarn Books Debut Novel Award.
The #1 New York Times bestselling author of the Gabriel Allon series presents the second thriller featuring former CIA Agent Michael Osbourne, following The Mark of the Assassin. When the Good Friday peace accords are shattered with three savage acts of terrorism, Northern Ireland is blown back into the depths of conflict. And after his father-in-law is nominated to become the new American ambassador to London, retired CIA agent Michael Osbourne is drawn back into the game. He soon discovers that his father-in-law is marked for execution. And that he himself is once again in the crosshairs of a killer known only as October, one of the most merciless assassins the world has ever known... From the Paperback edition.
Detective-story master Dashiell Hammett gives us yet another unforgettable read in Red Harvest: When the last honest citizen of Poisonville was murdered, the Continental Op stayed on to punish the guilty--even if that meant taking on an entire town. Red Harvest is more than a superb crime novel: it is a classic exploration of corruption and violence in the American grain.
From a noted science journalist comes a wonderfully witty and fascinating exploration of how and why we kiss. When did humans begin to kiss? Why is kissing integral to some cultures and alien to others? Do good kissers make the best lovers? And is that expensive lip-plumping gloss worth it? Sheril Kirshenbaum, a biologist and science journalist, tackles these questions and more in THE SCIENCE OF KISSING. It's everything you always wanted to know about kissing but either haven't asked, couldn't find out, or didn't realize you should understand. The book is informed by the latest studies and theories, but Kirshenbaum's engaging voice gives the information a light touch. Topics range from the kind of kissing men like to do (as distinct from women) to what animals can teach us about the kiss to whether or not the true art of kissing was lost sometime in the Dark Ages. Drawing upon classical history, evolutionary biology, psychology, popular culture, and more, Kirshenbaum's winning book will appeal to romantics and armchair scientists alike.
Winner of the National Book Critics Circle Award. A compelling and complusively readable riff on the classic detective novel from America's most inventive novelist. Brooklyn's very own self-appointed Human Freakshow, Lionel Essrog is an orphan whose Tourettic impulses drive him to bark, count, and rip apart our language in startling and original ways. Together with three veterans of the St. Vincent's Home for Boys, he works for small-time mobster Frank Minna's limo service cum detective agency. Life without Frank Minna, the charismatic King of Brooklyn, would be unimaginable, so who cares if the tasks he sets them are, well, not exactly legal. But when Frank is fatally stabbed, one of Lionel's colleagues lands in jail, the other two vie for his position, and the victim's widow skips town. Lionel's world is suddenly topsy-turvy, and this outcast who has trouble even conversing attempts to untangle the threads of the case while trying to keep the words straight in his head. Motherless Brooklyn is a brilliantly original, captivating homage to the classic detective novel by one of the most acclaimed writers of his generation. A New York Times Notable Book.
"Travis McGee's old football buddy Tush Bannon is resisting pressure to sell off his floundering motel and marina to a group of influential movers and shakers. Then he's found dead. For a big man, Tush was a pussycat: devoted to his wife and three kids and always optimistic about his business--even when things were at their worst. So even though his death is ruled a suicide, McGee suspects murder . . . and a vile conspiracy" --
A thrilling, exclusive expose of the hacker collectives Anonymous and LulzSec. WE ARE ANONYMOUS is the first full account of how a loosely assembled group of hackers scattered across the globe formed a new kind of insurgency, seized headlines, and tortured the feds-and the ultimate betrayal that would eventually bring them down. Parmy Olson goes behind the headlines and into the world of Anonymous and LulzSec with unprecedented access, drawing upon hundreds of conversations with the hackers themselves, including exclusive interviews with all six core members of LulzSec. In late 2010, thousands of hacktivists joined a mass digital assault on the websites of VISA, MasterCard, and PayPal to protest their treatment of WikiLeaks. Other targets were wide ranging-the websites of corporations from Sony Entertainment and Fox to the Vatican and the Church of Scientology were hacked, defaced, and embarrassed-and the message was that no one was safe. Thousands of user accounts from pornography websites were released, exposing government employees and military personnel. Although some attacks were perpetrated by masses of users who were rallied on the message boards of 4Chan, many others were masterminded by a small, tight-knit group of hackers who formed a splinter group of Anonymous called LulzSec. The legend of Anonymous and LulzSec grew in the wake of each ambitious hack. But how were they penetrating intricate corporate security systems? Were they anarchists or activists? Teams or lone wolves? A cabal of skilled hackers or a disorganized bunch of kids? WE ARE ANONYMOUS delves deep into the internet's underbelly to tell the incredible full story of the global cyber insurgency movement, and its implications for the future of computer security.
James Bamford has been the preeminent expert on the National Security Agency since his reporting revealed the agency’s existence in the 1980s. Now Bamford describes the transformation of the NSA since 9/11, as the agency increasingly turns its high-tech ears on the American public. The Shadow Factory reconstructs how the NSA missed a chance to thwart the 9/11 hijackers and details how this mistake has led to a heightening of domestic surveillance. In disturbing detail, Bamford describes exactly how every American’s data is being mined and what is being done with it. Any reader who thinks America’s liberties are being protected by Congress will be shocked and appalled at what is revealed here. From the Trade Paperback edition.
He walked away from the job three years ago. But Harry Bosch cannot resist the call to join the elite Open/Unsolved Unit. His mission: solve murders whose investigations were flawed, stalled, or abandoned to L.A.'s tides of crime. With some people openly rooting for his failure, Harry catches the case of a teenager dragged off to her death on Oat Mountain, and traces the DNA on the murder weapon to a small-time criminal. But something bigger and darker beckons, and Harry must battle to fit all the pieces together. Shaking cages and rattling ghosts, he will push the rules to the limit--and expose the kind of truth that shatters lives, ends careers, and keeps the dead whispering in the night...
Bill Cooper, former United States Naval Intelligence Briefing Team member, reveals information that remains hidden from the public eye. This information has been kept in Top Secret government files since the 1940s. His audiences hear the truth unfold as he writes about the assassination of John F. Kennedy, the war on drugs, the Secret Government and UFOs. Bill is a lucid, rational and powerful speaker who intent is to inform and to empower his audience. Standing room only is normal. His presentation and information transcend partisan affiliations as he clearly addresses issues in a way that has a striking impact on listeners of all backgrounds and interests. He has spoken to many groups throughout the United States and has appeared regularly on many radio talk shows and on television. In 1988 Bill decided to "talk" due to events then taking place worldwide, events which he had seen plans for back in the early '70s. Since Bill has been "talking," he has correctly predicted the lowering of the Iron Curtain, the fall of the Berlin Wall and the invasion of Panama. All Bill's predictions were on record well before the events occurred. Bill is not a psychic. His information comes from Top Secret documents that he read while with the Intelligence Briefing Team and from over 17 years of thorough research. "Bill Cooper is the world's leading expert on UFOs." -- Billy Goodman, KVEG, Las Vegas. "The onlt man in America who has all the pieces to the puzzle that has troubled so many for so long." -- Anthony Hilder, Radio Free America "William Cooper may be one of America's greatest heros, and this story may be the biggest story in the history of the world." -- Mills Crenshaw, KTALK, Salt Lake City. "Like it or not, everything is changing. The result will be the most wonderful experience in the history of man or the most horrible enslavement that you can imagine. Be active or abdicate, the future is in your hands." -- William Cooper, October 24, 1989.
From New York Times bestselling novelist Lindsey Davis comes an epic novel of first-century Rome and the Emperor Domitian, known to all of the Roman world as Master and God Set in the reign of the Emperor Domitian in first-century Rome, Master and God is Lindsey Davis's meticulously researched epic novel of the life and times surrounding the last of the Flavian dynasty of emperors. Gaius Vinius is a reluctant Praetorian Guard—the Emperor's personal guard—and a man with a disastrous marriage history. Flavia Lucilla is also in the imperial court and she is responsible not only for having created the ridiculous hairstyle worn by the imperial ladies but for also making toupees for the balding and increasingly paranoid emperor. The two of them are brought together in an unlikely manner—a devastating fire in Rome—which then leads to a lifelong friendship.Together they watch Domitian's once talented rule unravel into madness and cruelty, until the people closest to him conspire to delete him from history. As an imperial bodyguard, Vinius then faces a tough decision. Master and God is a compelling novel of the Roman Empire—from the height of power to the depths of madness—told from the perspective of two courtiers and unlikely friends who together are the witnesses to history.
The arrow-riddled corpse of Lamar Gardiner, district supervisor for the Twelve Sleep National Forest, and the bodies of seven illegally shot elk start Wyoming game warden Joe Pickett on a pursuit that endangers the life of his beloved foster daughter April. Reprint.
Roger Standing CBE, education adviser to the Prime Minister, and friend of the Chief Constable, is dead. Was it a mugging gone wrong or will the killer strike again? Why has MI5 ransacked his apartment, and set out to disrupt the investigation? And why are the widow and her son taking the news so calmly? Under pressure to get results fast, against the backdrop of the Labour Party Conference in Manchester, Tom Caton and his team set out to find the answers. This is the second in the DCI Tom Caton series, and sequel to The Cleansing.
Reality in a Looking Glass: Rationality Through an Analysis of Traditional Folly (International Library of Sociology)
Seeking the Senses in Physical Culture: Sensuous scholarship in action (Routledge Research in Sport Culture and Society)
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Led by junior Terry Netusil and senior Sarah Hills Coast Guard (1-0-0) won their season opening game by a final score of 6-1 over the Anna Maria AMCATS (0-1-0).
Hills had two goals and an assist while Netusil added two goals of her own. This is the third year in a row that the Bears have opened the season with a win.
Coast Guard was thwarted by good goalkeeping early on when Hannah Jansson sent in a free kick from thirty yard out that found the feet of Netusil. She turned and fired a point black shot but was stopped by sophomore goalkeeper Kate Kneeland who sprawled to her right to make the save.
There was a handball off the rebound of Netusil's shot which led to a Bears penalty kick. Netusil stepped up to take the kick but was once again stopped by a diving Kneeland who managed to hold the shot.
Just over halfway through the first half, Netusil had her revenge as broke free of the final defender finding herself one on one with Kneeland. Netusil slotted the ball into the right corner of the net for her first goal of the season.
Hills finished off the scoring in the first half when she received a pass from freshman Olivia Holt, took one touch and buried a shot in the left side netting for her first goal of the season. The assist was Holt's first point in a Coast Guard uniform.
Shortly into the second half Bear's freshman Kali Borden drove a corner kick into the box that bounced around as the AMCATS were unable to clear the ball. The ball finally came to Hills feet where she shot it into the left corner for her second goal of the game.
Just over two minutes later, Hills and Netusil teamed up for their final points of the game as Hills passed a ball across the front of the goal and Netusil one timed it into the back of the net for her second of the game.
At the 62:42 mark, Borden once again took a corner and this time found Holt waiting for the cross. Holt took a touch and drove a hard shot in the right corner of the net for her first goal at the Academy.
Sophomore Elley Donnelly wrapped up the scoring for the Bears with just under twenty minutes left as she followed up her missed shot, and found the back of the net for the first goal of her career as well.
Anna Maria had one shot in the game and they made it count as junior Rebecca Mauricio took a free kick from the top of the box, 25 yards out. Her shot curled just over the top of the wall and into the left corner of the Coast Guard goal for her first of the season.
Freshman goalkeeper Rachel Boohar made her first career start for the Bears facing only one shot and allowing one goal. She is 1-0-0 on the season.
Kneeland made 13 saves on 19 shots faced dropping her record to 0-1-0 early on in the season. Coast Guard outshot the AMCATS 34-1.
The Bears return to action on September 9th when they host Nichols College in a nonconference game. Kickoff is 7:00.
This website is the official homepage of the Coast Guard Athletic Activity Fund (AAF) and is published and maintained using non-appropriated funds. The information contained does not express or imply endorsement of commercial sponsors or their products by AAF or any other part of the Federal Government. Disclaimer Note: The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the Department of Homeland Security or by the United States Coast Guard of this website or the information, products or services contained therein. This system is monitored to ensure proper operation, to verify the functioning of applicable security features, and for other like purposes. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring. Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
Suzuki Swift HT51S HT81S HR51S HR81S : Дверь передняя правая с разборки иномарок used-spareparts.ru. Б/у запчасти на Suzuki Swift HT51S HT81S HR51S HR81S
Residents in the Draper area who are in need of Anti-aging Cosmeceuticals should look to 5th Avenue Cosmeceuticals, because you will experience the quality and customer serve you deserve. We can also help you with Anti-aging Skin Care and Anti-aging Facial Cream. Most...
If you are looking for Anti-aging Cosmeceuticals in Draper, you are at the right place. I am Adam Green of 5th Avenue Cosmeceuticals. I have been providing Anti-aging Cosmeceuticals, Anti-aging Skin Care, and Anti-aging Facial Cream since 2016. If you are in the...
If you are in the Salt Lake City or Draper area and are working on an important Anti-aging Cosmeceuticals project, 5th Avenue Cosmeceuticals is here to serve you. We have specialized in supplying the Draper area with Anti-aging Cosmeceuticals, Anti-aging Skin Care,...
Changing your Anti-aging Facial Cream provider? If you’re ready to make the change from the competition to our team, the people at 5th Avenue Cosmeceuticals want to offer Draper’s women who want to look great and feel even better and older women who want to stop the...
uHook USB Disk Security 2.4.0  uHook USB Disk Security is a usb security solution to protect your files from getting stolen or accidentally leaked out of your PC through unauthorized USB storage devices like Flash Drives, External USB Hard Drives, IPODS, Cameras, Cell Phone
USB CopyNotify! 1.4  USB CopyNotify! alerts you when a USB removable device is being used on any PC in the office hence preventing the unauthorized copying of your confidential data on USB devices. It is also Energy Conservation aware with the SAVE Enerygy alert.
USB CopyNotify! – a reliable USB sentinel that won't let your data be stolen  Todays USB drives are compact, spacious and fast, which makes them a standard medium for data storage and transfer. Their size and speed also make them an ideal tool for data theft — you can simply plug a tiny device into a USB port of any computer on the network and copy gigabytes of data in a couple of minutes. If your network contains confidential data that must be accessible to users but cannot leave the
Naevius USB Antivirus 2.1 - reliable protection from viruses residing on portable USB drives  Today, USB drives assumed the role that floppy disks played many years ago. Compact, energy-independent and capable of storing dozens of gigabytes of data, they can be found in virtually every pocket. However, they are just as vulnerable to virus contamination as good old floppies were. Frequent connections to different computers and high writing speed make them an ideal means of transportation for all kinds of malware. That’s why
Batch CHM TO PDF Converter supports project and command line. Batch CHM TO PDF Converter has a friendly GUI so it is used very easily. Batch CHM TO PDF Converter Drag and Explorer Context supported.
Batch CHM TO PDF Converter supports a efficient Multi-Thread conversion engine. So you could control the conversion action very easily. You can stop or pause and continue it in any time.
MS hatchesJune patch batch  First up there's a flaw in the Application Programming Interface (API) of Microsoft DirectPlay. Software which implement this API are typically network-based multi-player games An attacker who exploited the vuln could cause a networked DirectPlay ...
Adobe Runs Down the Stats on PDF's Enterprise Penetration  Acrobat marketing exec Pam Deziel says Adobe is striving toward making PDFs more secure, at making workflows more efficient, and at achieving compliance with government mandates now that the format has become a standard for electronic documents.
Sothink SWF Decompiler 3.7, Extract Everything  Examining what things are made of is humans eternal passion. Examining what computer things are made of is even more attractive. Examining what Flash
VeryDoc PDF to Word Converter - create fully-editable DOC files from protected PDF files  Normally, people are more concerned with turning .doc files into PDFs for document exchange. However, what would you do if you found a great PDF file and
We are located next to Pull-A-Part Junkyard, right off Moreland Avenue and I-285.Visit us today in Conley, Georgia, to view our current inventory of new windshields, used windshields, auto glass & more.
Low Price Auto Glass is a company based in Conley, Georgia,that offers a large inventory of used glass for all your automotive needs. From tinted glass to motor regulators for windows, we have it all in stock so you can get back on the road as quickly as possible.
Do you like to ride? Or do you just like hanging out with and supporting your PKU friends? Either way, plan on participating in Spin for Kids this year!
Help us help our Georgia PKU Community! Georgia PKU Connect needs your support to spread the word about the benefits that Georgia PKU Connect provides to PKU families – benefits such as engaging in advocacy, supporting research for a cure, … (read more)
We will have a holiday lunch buffet for all. Please bring your favorite low protein side dish and … (read more)
Coming up next Saturday, October 21st, BioMarin is sponsoring a workshop for parents who want to learn how to better handle parenting kids with complicated diets/treatments like PKU. This event, being held at the Georgia Aquarium, includes a Low-Phe meal … (read more)
Recently, from August 25-27th, many of us had the opportunity to participate in the 2017 Camp Connect at Camp Twin Lakes in Winder Georgia where we experienced a great weekend of fun, great food, valuable information and the opportunity to … (read more)
Do you live near Macon, GA? If so, mark your calendars for Sept 24. BioMarin is hosting a hands-on PKU cooking class featuring a professional chef, plus information about PKU, Phe levels and the brain.
Georgia PKU Connect is excited to announce that the 6th Camp Connect for children with PKU and their families will take place on the weekend of August 25th thru August 27th in Winder, Georgia.
Need help paying for medical foods? Now there’s help, through the brand-new Medical Nutrition Therapy for Prevention program. To find out about this great new program, plan on attending a special launch event on May 20th sponsored by the Georgia … (read more)
Date: Saturday, May 6, 2017 Time: Tailgate starts at 2:30pm; Soccer Match starts at 5pm Location: Atlanta Silverbacks Park / … (read more)
Unfortunately there were no results for your search. Please expand your search radius or adjust your search to receive Classified listings.
Automobile offers a rich and varied examination of the automotive universe in all its forms - delivered by our stable of first-class editors and freelance contributors and illustrated with vibrant photography.
Студия Respawn Entertainment уже приступила к работе над своим вторым проектом, который никак не связан с Titanfall.
Gi Group is part of Gi Group Italy - one of the world’s leading companies providing services for the development of the labor market, operating in the fields of temporary and permanent staffing, search and selection, as well as a variety of complementary HR consulting activities. With our brands Gi Group, Wyser and OD&M, we are presented in more than 40 countries across 4 continents. Our client is an international software company with offices in Europe producing CGI ...
We are an Architectural Visualisation Studio in Sofia working on high end photorealistic 3D images. Pow 3D Design is born from the passion for architecture and photography. We ensure that each project or image is given a unique look. An image with the perfect harmony between 3D art and photography immediately catches the eye. "Great images tell their Own Story, they have the ability to evoke emotional response". We are looking for a 3D Visualisation Artist, focused on architectural ...
Hello everybody, I need someone who uses Blender for making renders of 3D plans of homes and offices. The furniture should be as an architectural project with little added detail. Renders must have an average resolution 1280x1280px. Here is some reference: http://3dblacksmith.eu/ref.png
Where to buy "aged UK domain names" on sale from aged domain finder - cheap and fast???? You can buy it here, from 3dwebdesign.org domain reseller - this is our list with about 30 dot UK domains for sale.
You will find in list aged brandable domain names, brands registered from years, with hundreds and thousands of links, popular and ready for use. All domain names are INDEXED and checked for problems - we buy and sale ONLY domains without any problem! What 3D Web Design check: indexed in Google, reputation check, backlinks for SEO - Majestic stats included for most of the domains.
"Aged domain" phrase mean old .UK name, the age of domain - from how many years this domain name is registered.
Building links for UK website is fun with Aged Domain from 3D Web Design! Why you need to buy aged domain names?
- If you want to buy for cents domains that cost thousands of dollars (domain can have many backlinks and you will got all of them and domain's traffic for free).
http://online-sweets.co.uk - 68 USD. Cleaning services domain. Links from 23 domains, Majestic Trust Flow: 12 to 16, Business / Food and Related Products.
Buy now some of our aged domain names for sale - Low Price AGED UK Domains for sale WITH backlinks (great for SEO):
http://p20.org.uk - "Huawei P20" UK website - 68 USD. When "P20" smartphone from Huawei will be released, price will be much higher.
The Women's First Eight indignantly rejected my account of my initial exploration of Oxford College home pages, which seemed to me to be largely composed of College athletics teams with pictures and weights: their faces, indeed, were matters properly in the public domain, but to reveal their weights would be a gross invasion of their private space. I myself have every reason to conceal my face as well as my weight. In any case I do not aspire to graphics. My vanity was different; I had a talk, ``Turn Over the Page'', in which I responded to the many critics of one of my favourite arguments, who seemed to me not to have read what I had said, but to have fired off objections without noticing that I had anticipated them and answered them. So I report the steps taken by one whose ambition was a lowly one, suited to an elderly don with a strong distaste for Windows and possessing only a serial communications port, but with an urge to make his wares electronically available to anyone who might be interested. Experts will deplore the low level of sophistication, and will give much more high-powered advice, much as my modern language colleagues, when I say I am going to Ruritania, and would like to be pointed towards a useful phrase book, tell me that in order to understand Ruritanian, I need to read the great twelth-century epics of the battles against the Tartars, and would find a recent book on Glagolitic syntax very helpful. They are right; but time is short and wits are slow, and I only need to be able to ask from which platform will the train for Minsk depart itself. One day I may be able to construct my own graphics and go surfing; but for the present one step enough for me.
The precondition is to get sabilised. The old vax is reaching the end of its shelf life, and is to be phased out in favour of Sable, a more up-to-date, user-unfriendly system. If you are on vax, you need to send an E-mail to Advisory, asking them to send you a form, or alternatively you can write to OUCS, 13 Banbury Road, or telephone (2 73239), or call there in person (if you go in person take a couple of formatted disks and some loose change: they often have useful software available, and it is worth buying their Getting Started with Unix, The Pine Mail Utility on Unix Machines, Introduction to Internet Services, and An Introduction to HTML). Sable is case-conscious and very choosy about passwords. JRLucas was a moderately capital fellow, but now is cut down to minuscule size. You are assigned a temporary password to begin with, but must change it for one of your own choosing, which is more difficult than in the days of vax. You can no longer have your mother-in-law's maiden name or car registration number as your password, but are guided to having an assemblage of £s, $s and %s. I often have to make two or three attempts to identify myself to sable's satisfaction, sometimes being quite unable to tell why my earlier spells had failed to work. The prompts and commands are different too. So let me pretend that my password is Mert1274£Coll (in what follows, I shall put the letters to be typed as if they had been typed on a typewriter, and italicise those that need to be altered to fit each reader's particular case; there are three other keys needed: the Control, usually marked Ctrl, and here indicated by {Ctrl}; the Break, usually marked Scroll Lock Break, but on some keyboards Pause Break, and here indicated by {Break}; and Enter, sometimes so marked, but often the paragraph return, shown with an arrow, <---| [printer can you use the same sign as in Angelology, 2nd Week, HT91, p.13], and here indicated by {Enter}; the Control is always pressed in conjunction with something else; in this case either Control together with Break, or control together with the right-hand square bracket: these will be indicated by {Ctrl}+{Break} and {Ctrl}+]; apart from these, the typewritten entries should be pressed successively, in response to the message on the screen, which will be shown a large black type face [printer, I am using HELV 10 and 12], though not all that is written on the screen is reproduced here---only that to which a response is required).
after some information, in my case mostly about my previous unsuccessful attempts to establish contact, the sable prompt shows
information is made available. The most important thing to know at first is that to log out you must to the prompt
in order to ensure that no malefactor gets hold of your line, and starts making mayhem in your name.
The key instructions are to use a special subdirectory called public_html (now automatically provided), in which to put the files I wanted to make available to the public, and to insert an instruction that they should be freely accessible. In that subdirectory I wanted to put my ``Turn Over the Page'', which was in a file called turn.doc. The files that can be sent to Sable need to be unformatted ASCII files, but with some special instructions, given in An Introduction to HTML (available in the OUCS shop @ 50p.) keyed in so that Web Browsers can read it comfortably: so I keyed in the new symbols (mostly <P> to mark new paragraphs) and saved it on a floppy disk in drive a:, as an unformatted file with line breaks at the end of each line (as if it had been typed on a typewriter) under the name turn.asc. The drill for conveying such a file to Sable is exactly the same as for vax. But, I was further instructed, before sending the files I wanted to show to the world, it would be a courtesy to send an index file, so that, as thoughts proliferate, browsers can quickly see what is on offer. Rather tiresomely, the approved name is index.html, and four letter extensions are tabu with my word processor. So I called it index.htm, and listed two files for the present, together with my addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and E-mail address. These I sent to Sable. Having established contact with Sable, I needed first to change myself into the subdirectory public_html, then to move my files and index into it, and finally to give an instruction to be open to all callers. The dialogue went
The screen gave details of the process of sending the file from my PC to the bowels of the University's Sable. When it was complete, I sent another work, referenc.asc, a useful list of references that others might like to have. I could have sent it differently, so as to have had a different name in my public_html subdirectory, but actually sent it in exactly the same way
whereupon I was asked what file I wanted to send, and what it was to be called when it arrived. This gave me the opportunity of having four letters after the full stop.
which brought me back to the sable prompt, where I checked that my files had arrived in the subdirectory
This might not have been a good idea, but since I was allowed up to 255 characters to name a file, and did not need an extension, I thought I might as well be as transparent as possible.
I still needed to permit others to read my files in this subdirectory, with what is called the (chmod) command.
with a certain sense of happy irony at having used my computer to make available my argument that Turing machines (idealised computers) can never completely simulate the human mind to the World-Wide-Web on
I am indebted to Beth Crutch, Dave Miles and David Hastings of OUCS for much help in answering queries and checking this article.
The booklet specializes in 4 significant parts for statistical comparability. these parts are ownership, Attacking, security, and self-discipline. Goalkeepers additionally get graded on aim preserving facts. Of the foremost components, each one group is given 3 development charts depicting crew ownership, Scoring, and Defense.
This booklet doesn't draw any conclusions nor does it attempt to expect the long run. the aim is to offer the information and make allowance the readers to exploit it to attract their very own conclusions.
While Robbie Rogers stepped onto the sphere for the los angeles Galaxy in 2013, he made heritage because the first brazenly homosexual guy to play in an immense US expert activity. popping out to Play tells Rogers's harrowing tale as a closeted homosexual guy within the ultra-heterosexual global soccer, his choice to come back out and go away in the back of his cherished recreation, and his next go back to soccer - signing for the los angeles Galaxy.
This can be the 1st ever statistical evaluation e-book of the recent York pink Bulls. it's a compilation of participant logs accumulated over the 2015 MLS season. The e-book specializes in 4 significant components for statistical comparability. these parts are ownership, Attacking, safeguard, and self-discipline. Goalkeepers additionally get graded on objective retaining information.
This booklet is the 1st complete research on heritage, tradition, and enterprise of soccer in Asia. soccer has been an emblem of the fashionable invention, a catalyst of neighborhood, nationwide and neighborhood identities, all time favorite between teenagers and teens, or even a harbinger for cultural globalization and consumerism in Asia.
Daphne Koster is een icoon in het vrouwenvoetbal. Ze begon haar carrière op 6-jarige leeftijd bij het jongensteam van SVA in Assendelft en groeide uit tot een van de beste speelsters van Nederland. Sinds zij als aanvoerster in 2009 met het Nederlands vrouwenelftal de halve finale van het EK bereikte is ze een rolmodel voor vele voetballende meisjes, die dromen van een leven als prof.
Looks like you already have an account on the website. If you remember your password please enter it below
The above information is deemed reliable, but is not guaranteed. Search facilities other than by a consumer seeking to purchase or lease real estate, is prohibited.
Download e-book for kindle: The Contemporary Political Play: Rethinking Dramaturgical by Sarah Grochala
Welcome to the magic world of German designs! Here we post our works and share all the news! To join the blog send your requests to skat15@mail.ru. Thank you!
Hello! My name is Julia and I live in the south of Germany. Since one year I have my hobby - crossstiching and sewing different Deco-...
This kind of picture (Vegan Sausage Recipe Vital Wheat Gluten Great Savory Sweet Breakfast Sausage Recipe) preceding is actually branded having:put up by simply Diane May in 2018-11-06 17:29:18. To see most images throughout Pretty Pics Of Vegan Sausage Recipe Vital Wheat Gluten photos gallery you should adhere to this specific hyperlink.
On RentalCars24h.com you can compare E-Z car rental in Neustadt, Germany with other companies to find the best car rental deals and prices in Neustadt, Germany. We compare all rates of popular car rental companies in Neustadt, Germany.RentalCars24h.com shows you the car rental Neustadt, Germany price including all the insurances and taxes. Pay only the price you see – no hidden services or additional payments with RentalCars24h.com!
Use our car rental form to compare E-Z car rental Neustadt, Germany prices with such companies as Enterprise, Budget, SIXT, Hertz, Thrifty, AVIS, Dollar, Fox, Payless, Ace, National, Europcar, Alamo and 800 more companies. You have a variety of choice – so choose only the best car rental price among all the existing suppliers!
Car rental E-Z started its activity in 1994 as a small company but it grew constantly. The beginning of E-Z car rental company was in one of the USA airports with only 9 vehicles waiting for being rent. Nowadays car rental E-Z has became one of the main competitors in this industry. After starting in Orlando car rental E-Z expanded very fast into a world known company providing car hire services not only in USA market but throughout the world too. Car rental E-Z is always leading marketing researches to find new places which need car rental services and to discover their clients’ opinions.
The specific feature of car rental E-Z is the location of their car rental spots only in the airports. Car rental E-Z services are mostly used in USA but still they have offices in Mexico, Canada, Jamaica, UAE, Costa Rica, Saint Lucia, Barbados, Netherlands Antilles, Antigua and Barbuda, Oman and Ireland. More locations in lots of other countries are coming soon.
The main goals of car rental E-Z are: to provide constantly perfect customer service, offer only modern and quality vehicles to the clients, simple, fast and reliable reservation procedures including online booking, and of course, the lowest rates to be the leader of the market.
Car rental E-Z continues to expand in the scales of worldwide service so check if there appeared some new E-Z spots in the place you need!
RentalCars24h.com has been founded in 1997 but already provides car rental services with 26,000 locations in 175 countries worldwide and is kindly trusted by 4.7 million customers!
The Christmas city of Stuttgart invites you to the most beautiful Christmas market. Everywhere the Christmas light decorations sparkle, the smell of cinnamon and vanilla, bratwurst and mulled wine are in the air and Christmas music sounds from everywhere. The festively illuminated city center - with a medieval flair due to the Old Castle, the towers of the Collegiate Church and the grand Baroque castle facility of the New Castle - forms the wonderful backdrop of the Stuttgart Christmas Festival.
Unique are the more than 200 splendidly decorated stands. Whether St. Nicolas' helper with brushy beard, angle figures or impressive winter landscapes - in Stuttgart in particular the booths are impressive with their lovingly decorated wooden roofs. With a tradition of more than 300 years and the attractive offerings of Christmas goods, the Stuttgart Christmas Market is among the most splendid in all of Europe.
Rates are valid for arrivals between 24 Nov and 24 December 15 and based on rates of exchange at 01Jan15
Copyright &COPY 2008 Richard Diesslin, cartoonist of the KNOTS or Not Scouting Cartoons! Used by permission. This image may not be used or reproduced in any form without the expressed written permission of the owner. Permission is usually granted for local troop/pack hardcopy newsletter use, but you need to ask (it's free)! Also, print resolution images (color and black-and-white) and permissions are available with purchase of the KNOTS or Not Scouting Cartoon CD! or one of the supplements. Thank you for your interest in KNOTS cartoons. Rich's main web site is at www.the-cartoonist.com.
© 1994-2018 - U.S. Scouting Service Project | Site Map | Disclaimer | Project Team | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
First Republic Bank San Francisco California Depositary Shares Representing 1/40th Perpetual Preferred Series D(FRC-D) 株価情報 $24.09(0.04%) - アメリカ株ドットコム - アメリカ株式市場情報サイト
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "Booster Parent Meeting", or just this one?
Haben Sie Fragen oder wünschen Sie nähere Auskunft zu den einzelnen Standorten? Egal ob im Schwimmbad, im Freizeit- und Erlebnisbad, im Sauna- und Wellnessparadies oder im einzigartigen Indoor-Tauchcenter, der Aufenthalt bei Monte Mare ist immer eine "Pause..
Sie sollten im Beschwerdefall allerdings binnen 14 Tagen nach Warenerhalt den Kundendienst kontaktieren. Kann ich den Status meiner Sendung nachverfolgen? Die Digitaldruckerei wurde in Augsburg vor 5 Jahren gegründet und bietet seitdem einen hochwertigen Service rund um
Josefin grew up in Sweden with a family myth about how her Peruvian aunt Augusta died in armed struggle for the poor. Augusta and her husband Abimael Guzman created the communist movement Sendero Luminoso and initiated a war that lasted twenty years. In Storm in the Andes Josefin travels to Peru to find out the truth. There she meets Flor who was born into the war. It changes her life forever.
Written and directed by Mikael Wiström. Shared job with Ivan Blanco who shot a bigger part. Funds from Swedish Film Insitute and SVT and others
World famous Swedish choreographer Mats Ek decides to produce his own ballet “Apartment” with a young dance company in Cuba. He does not want to charge for his work, as he thinks it’s time to pay back for everything that the dance world has given him. But language confusions, injuries and a very small budget put obstacles in the way. Dance my heart out is a film about striving for perfection and to express something universal with your body as instrument.
This past summer, Patrick Ormond from Park City and his climbing partner Elliott Gaddy took on the Cassin.
We were in there the last week of May. That was the last bit of good weather for a bit, it started snowing as we got down to the 14,000′ camp, and June typically has more snow, which turned out to be the case. I don’t think any other teams got up this year, there was an Italian team from Ricardo Cassin’s home village who were going to try the route to celebrate Cassin’s 100th birthday this year, but I don’t think that happened due to the weather. Cassin died this summer.
It took us 56 hours from the base of the route to the summit. We bivied twice on the route, at 14,000′ and at 16,700′. From base camp to base camp took 5 days including a storm day at the 14,000′ camp while descending the West Buttress. We also helped bring another climber back to base camp on the way down, so that slowed us down a bit.
The conditions were perfect while we were climbing. It was mostly clear and sunny, but occasionally the clouds would roll through and it would snow for a few minutes. The snow was firm, really good for crampons, but the ice was bulletproof and my knuckles were pretty beat from swinging my tools so hard. The temps were great, we never got cold. On the last day, we lounged in the sun until 11:30am before setting from camp for the summit.
The hardest part was the commitment, especially committing to it when we were resting in Talkeetna after working a West Buttress trip.
The Cassin is about 9000′ of climbing, and there is no one else around. It’s very different than being on the West Buttress with a couple hundred other people, and feels pretty committing to get started on it. Most teams who plan on climbing the Cassin bail before even getting to the base of the climb. Once we started, everything went well, although I could feel the altitude after resting for a week back in Talkeetna. The hardest part once we started climbing was the burning calves from front pointing for so long on hard alpine ice.
This was my first attempt on the route, but not the first time I had considered doing the climb. I’ve wanted to climb the Cassin for a long time, and would always try to find partners every winter before heading to AK for work, and it finally came together. My dad climbed the Cassin in 1978 when I was one, so this was a climb I really wanted to do. It was fun to show him some photos and compare stories.
I’ve climbed the West Buttress, which I’ve done 5 times. I’ve climbed part way up the West Rib from the 14,000′ camp and done some really good skiing up there.
There isn’t anything else I really needed for the climb. I would have liked to go with a lighter pack, but the only way we could have done that would have been to go light on food and fuel, which can come back to bite you if you get stuck in a storm. We did fly in with a large pizza to split the first day. That was a good choice.
I ski guide all winter, so that means a lot of trail breaking, which is great training for the Alaska range. Elliott and I were both acclimated from our West Buttress trip, but working one of those is also hard on your body, especially since we sat for 10 days at 14,000′ in 70 mph winds. It’s hard not to feel lethargic after that, and you definitely lose some muscle mass on a long trip at altitude. I usually come off Denali about 20 pounds light, so our rest week consisted of refueling with food and beer.
I’ve got some climbs in mind for the future. I’d like to climb Mt. Huntington, it’s an amazing looking peak. The Moonflower Buttress on Mt. Hunter is another classic, a 4000′ vertical wall with steep ice and mixed climbing. Those two top the list, but there are an endless number of climbs to do.
Un "gestionnaire" est une représentation interne à Apache de l'action qui doit être entreprise quand un fichier est appelé. En général, les fichiers ont des gestionnaires implicites, basés sur le type du fichier. Normalement, tous les fichiers sont traités simplement par le serveur, mais certains types de fichiers sont "gérés" séparément.
Written and directed by Andres Habegger, produced by Habitacion 1520 (Argentina), Aplaplac (Chile) and WG-films (Sweden)
Documentary-in-progress that follows lapsed Mormon Geoff Pingree as he retraces the steps he took 25 years ago in Guatemala as devout missionary 'Elder Pingree.' Combining archival material and contemporary footage, the film pairs Elder Pingree's earlier, single-minded journey with Geoff Pingree's ambivalent return to Guatemala in 2006 as he seeks to find the Guatemalans who once trusted him with their religious faith, attempts to understand the unsettling political conditions of which he was ignorant as a regimented missionary, and grapples with the basic human dilemma of how one can and ought to do good in the world.
Produced, directed, and written by Geoff Pingree, with financial support from The Writers' Bloc and from The Documentary Production Initiative at Oberlin College
Documentary about Raymond Paredes-Ahlgren, Swedish-Cilean businessman, who became famous when Chilean ex dictator Pinochet was arrested in London
Five pieces about different young people in Argentina touching topics such as street artists, tango, disappeard persons in the last dictatorship, soccer and gaucho life. The series is part of a Spanish language course for educational television.
Creative documentary released in 2005, about the lacandones, the inhabitants of the disappering rain forest in southern Chiapas, Mexico.
TV documentary about a Laplander village in the extreme north of Swedish Lapland. A young girl is facing the break up from her village, she's marrying a man from another village. A love story set in a very old culture surrounded by nature.
Directed by Jerzy Sladkovsky and produced by Magic Path /Finland. Part of the series "Voices from the Edge"
TV documentary about a special village in the extreme north of Swedish Lapland. It's people are strongly religious, followers of a strict way of life that was introduced by the priest Laestadius in the 19th century.
Feature length documentary, for theatre release in 35mm. A family drama in a small village in northern Nicaragua. The film begins in wartime during the 80s and ends New Years Eve 2000.
Directed and produced by Nitza Kakoseos, Electramedia-Kakoseos Productions Sweden, funds from Swedish TV among others.
TV-documentary about ex-prisoners from the famous concentration camp "ESMA" during the Argentine military dictatorship.
A two week expedition in the sub antartic area, in the very south of the Patagonia, where a border conflict between Argentina and Chile still exists.
A father, Swedish citizen, tells the story about his daughter who disappeared during the military dictatorship in Argentina 1977.
Documentary by Andres Di Tella Using television as a symbolic and unifying device, the film deals with the growth of di Tella and his family as it parallels the growth of Argentina as a nation.
Documentary about three generations in Ingeniero. Jacobacci Village, where the railway industry has always been the cornerstone of life, and it's sudden disappearance as in many parts of Argentina.
Award winning documentary about a multi millionaire businessman who was kidnapped by Salvadoran guerillas during the war. The film shows how the peace agreement in El Salvador made possible the reconciliation between old enemies.
Music documentary by Leif Hedman with actor and singer Sven-Bertil Taube. Sven-Bertil's father Evert, the famous Swedish poet, used live in Argentina in the early 1900. Director of Photography. Swedish and Norveigan TV
Two feature lenght documentaries for movie theatre distribution and TV, about a sister who is a guerilla fighter in El Salvador, and her family in exile in Sweden.
Documentary about a 16 year old girl from the slums of Santiago de Chile, in times of military dictatorship.
Feature-movie in 35mm about hashish, love and rock music. The film was panned by critics, but the young audience loved it. It became a cult movie.
Documentary about a anti-drug police force and the capture of a hi-level heroin smuggling organization.
The National Infrastructure Commission is an executive agency of the Treasury. It consists of a chair, a deputy chair and 9 commissioners. It offers impartial, expert advice and recommendations to the government on economic infrastructure which includes energy, transport, water (drainage sewerage and flood management) and digital communications. Its objectives are to support sustainable economic growth across all regions of the UK and improve competitiveness and the quality of life,
In March 2016 the Commission was asked to consider how to maximize the potential of a corridor running between Cambridge and Oxford via Milton Keynes "as a single, knowledge-intensive cluster that competes on a global stage, protecting the area’s high-quality environment, and securing the homes and jobs that the area needs." It delivered an interim report in November 2016 which identified lack of adequate and affordable housing as a major impediment to growth and recommended investment in new housing, job creation and better transport.
In its final report, Partnering for Prosperity: A new deal for the Cambridge- Milton Keynes-Oxford Arc. which was published on 17 Nov 2017, the Commission urged the government to make the corridor a national priority. It proposed new road and rail links between the towns and cities in the arc and massive house building and job creation including new town development on a scale last seen in the 1950s and 1960s.
Northampton has more business startups per 10,000 inhabitants than any other city except London; and
Better road and rail links and new housing are essential to maintaining and building on those strengths.
Anyone wishing to discuss the legal implications of these proposals should call me on 020 7404 5252 during office hours or send me a message through my contact form.
Labels: Cambridge, housing, job creation, Milton Keynes, National Infrastructure Commission, new towns, Northampton, Oxford, transport links
Disclaimer: 41tube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. Content removal
best homemade mothers day gifts so many great ideas a must see collection of homemade mothers day ts from spa ts to ts from toddlers to unique ts to last minute mother s day t ideas this 40 best mother s day gift ideas 2018 presents for mom on we ve got a mother s day t idea for every superwoman on your list new moms mother in laws grandmas and more
best homemade mothers day gifts so many great ideas a must see collection of homemade mothers day ts from spa ts to ts from toddlers to unique ts to last minute mother s day t ideas this 40 best mother s day gift ideas 2018 presents for mom on we ve got a mother s day t idea for every superwoman on your list new moms mother in laws grandmas and more amazon andaz press laundry room wall art decor amazon andaz press laundry room wall art decor personalized chalkboard print madison s laundry room 1 pack mother s day birthday christmas gift
Quotes For Grandma Mothers Day Chalkboard QuotesGram from chalkboard ideas for mothers day , source:quotesgram.com
mother s day card card for mom chalkboard art by lilyandval spring art spring decor spring print chalkboard art chalk i heart butter mother s day mother s day typography chalkboard heart shape chalk drawing chalkboard stock illustration non profit printable mother s day digital download printables archives blooming homestead eps vector of mother s day chalkboard greeting ca mothers day pregnancy announcement vector illustration of wild flowers chalkboard greeting ca mother s day chalkboard to easter pub a board mothers daytypographic cardmothers day lettering heart happy mothers day chalkboard greeting calligraphy stock chalkboard quotes mom quotesgram quotes for grandma mothers day chalkboard quotesgram mothers day card mothers day gift chalkboard card mother’s day chalkboard art by lily&val quotes for grandma mothers day chalkboard quotesgram halloween & fall on pinterest mother s day pregnancy announcement chalkboard printable file
<object classid="clsid:d27cdb6e-ae6d-11cf-96b8-444553540000" codebase="http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=9,0,0,0" width="480" height="286" id="VideoPlayer" align="middle"><param name="allowScriptAccess" value="always" /><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true" /><param name="movie" value="http://www.uthertube.com/flash/EmbedVideoPlayer_16x9.swf" /><param name="quality" value="high" /><param name="bgcolor" value="#000000" /><param name="FlashVars" value="URL=stCmWYB0B0egOlCixYf4iA" /><embed src="http://www.uthertube.com/flash/EmbedVideoPlayer_16x9.swf" FlashVars="URL=stCmWYB0B0egOlCixYf4iA" quality="high" bgcolor="#000000" width="480" height="286" name="VideoPlayer" align="middle" allowScriptAccess="always" allowFullScreen="true" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" pluginspage="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" /></object>
To mobilize human, financial and physical resources for the benefit of community service organizations in Trinidad & Tobago. We shall conduct all our affairs with integrity and transparency.
The United Way Trinidad & Tobago (UWTT) was incorporated in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago on November 30th 1999 as a concept modeled after the United Ways in Canada. It is affiliated to the United Way International.
United Way Trinidad & Tobago (UWTT) is a national non-profit organization which mobilizes resources to serve Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) and Community Based Organizations (CBOs) that deliver social services in Trinidad and Tobago.
Established under the auspices of United Way International, UWTT is dedicated to the advancement and uplifting of society. We are committed to working with NGOs, government, business, labour, community leaders, and socially conscious individuals and organizations, locally and internationally to help build sound communities and improve the quality of life in Trinidad & Tobago.
UWTT is a non-profit organisation which raises charitable donations from companies and individuals, and channels these funds to the NGOs which deliver critical social services to citizens in need.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2015 Update V1.02-RELOADED | Веб-разработка и Программирование | Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes (official Video)
Fight between Leonard and Penny threatens their relationship, while Sheldon battles Wil Wheaton in bowling.
BellaMia1 : For someone who grew up with the "Friday the 13th" franchise, this was nothing new. They j...
Tiger8me : I'm with you, I prefer the original ones based on the books...the girl with the dragon tat...
Tiger8me : Interesting to get a glimpse into what I almost became. I can totally relate to the rage s...
JohnJamesRambo : DeNiro does a good job of fucking himself. He'll be dead in less than ten years. Let the ...
JohnJamesRambo : There are actually the original first three which are foreign and the American redux of th...
NHS Choices. Breast abscesses. 2014. Accessed 6 February 2017 from http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Breast-abscess/Pages/Introduction.aspx
A fun challenge blog where anything can be made!! Anyone from anywhere is welcome to play along! We are a monthly challenge blog!
We are a monthly challenge blog. We have sponsors & prizes with each challenge. Anyone from anywhere can play along! Any new project can be entered. We hope you will play along with our challenges! :)
Welcome back to Get Creative Challenges for our 37th challenge! I want to thank everyone who has entered our previous challenges and for making the blog such a success!
Now for the winner of the 3 digis from Angie's Digital Stamps from Challenge #36. There is no Top #3 this time since there were only 2 entries...:( Both entrants will receive 3 images each from me aka Angie's Digital Stamps.
The prize winners please contact me at angiesdigitalstamps@outlook.com to arrange receipt of your prizes. Also all of you be sure to take our winners badges from the side bar for your blogs! Hope to see you all play along again with the new challenge!
I am a married mom of 2 boys. I am a crafter, scrapbooker, & more! I sell on Amazon Handmade, Zibbet, Etsy, & Artfire online.
We have lots of new sponsors for 2018 for our challenges! Thank you for offering prizes for our winners & images for the DT to use to create fabulous projects! We are glad to have you all sponsoring us!
Blog Archive November (1) October (1) September (1) August (1) July (1) June (1) May (1) April (1) March (1) February (1) January (1) December (1) November (1) October (1) September (1) August (1) July (1) June (1) May (1) April (1) March (1) February (1) January (1) December (1) November (2) October (3) September (2) August (2) July (2) June (2) May (3) April (2) March (2) February (2) January (2) December (1) November (4) October (2) September (2) August (2) July (2) June (3) May (2) April (2) March (2) February (2) January (2) December (6) November (4) October (1)
The Life Changing Magic of Tyding Up - Summarized for Busy People: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing
(Acoustics - Statistical methods for determining and verifying stated noise emission values of machinery and equipment - Part 3: Simple (transition) method for stated values for batches of machines)
[9] DAVY, J.L. The variance of pure tone reverberant sound power measurements. Fifth International Congress on Sound and Vibration, December 15-18, 1997, Adelaide, South Australia
[13] VORLANDER, M. Revised relation between the sound power and the average sound pressure level in rooms and the consequences for acoustic measurements. Acustica, 81, 1995, pp.332-343
[18] BUDLUND, K. A normal mode analysis of the sound power injection in reverberation chambers at low frequencies and the effects of some response averaging methods. Journal of Sound and Vibration, 55 (4), 1977, pp.563-590
[21] EBBING, С.Е., and G.C.MALING, Jr. Reverberation room qualification for determination of sound power of sources of discrete frequency sound. Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, 54 (4), 1973, pp.935-949
(Acoustics - Requirements for the performance and calibration of reference sound sources used for the determination of sound power levels)
jandkross The Rosses' Global Rambling... Heading for the Orient once... Trips Profile Address Book Settings FAQ TODO List
The summer weather was uninspiring but events around the world were far from dull. We landed back in the UK in April as the "Arab Spring" was spreading through the Middle East and North Africa, and the British royals were preparing to stage a spectacular wedding. UK forces became involved in the war in Libya, US forces killed Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan, we witnessed the sudden demise of the News of The World and unrest spread throughout Syria and was brutally repressed. The world was shocked by terrorist attacks in Norway and we saw rioters take to the streets of major British cities. Muammar Gaddafi was finally located and killed and as we prepare to depart we leave behind a Europe struggling to control a major economic crisis which could well see the end of the Euro.
Our main destination on this trip is a country that has had its own share of troubles and notoriety - Burma, or Myanmar as it is officially known. We had planned a visit there in 2007 but had to cancel at the last minute as unrest spread through the country. Since then, there have been signs that the military junta's hold on the country may be loosening. Aung San Suu Kyi has been released from house arrest and has herself cautiously encouraged the spread of tourism. To see something of life in this country that has been isolated for so many years is going to be fascinating.
The Lake Anna Fishing Report forum has the most recent Lake Anna Fishing Reports from both recreational anglers as well as Lake Anna Bass Fishing Tournaments. Log in and post your Lake Anna Fishing Report and share your observations with other anglers. Clubs who have tournaments on Lake Anna are also encouraged to post outings and club dates for events in the Lake Anna forums.
Potomac River Bass Fishing Reports and River Conditions - reports include tournament series and club results.
Fishing reports for the James river including both smallmouth and largemouth bass - reports include tournament and club results.
Talk about flatheads, blues, and channel cats. Also find out about the James River striper run and shad migration
Up to the minute fishing reports for the Chickahominy River and lake portion as well as club and tournament series results.
Fishing reports for Smith Mountain Lake including both bass and stripers - share reports, water conditions and tournament results.
The most accurate and up to date fishing reports for the Shenandoah River - including club and tournament series reports. Check out the reports, tips and articles.
Fishing reports for Lake Gaston, Kerr and Buggs including both bass and catfish - share reports, water conditions and tournament results.
Do you need a fill in angler for a tournament or are you looking for a partner for some fishing - then post up to try and fill the spot.
Amor e Relacionamentos, Auto-Ajuda, Bem Estar e Saúde, Contentamento e Prosperidade, Crenças e Pensamentos, Criador e Realidades, Harmonia e Energia Vibracional, Lei da Atração, Meditações, Português, Vida, Morte e Espiritualidade
I saw pornography as the inclination, for any reason, the patient identifiers, expiration date and time, hobbyhuren dusseldorf, and the inner ear, and it was a quickly and effortlessly to new Mercedes M-Class popemobile.
Wet pussy of one of the most discriminating sex fans. Enter the chemical formula of bringing in the ass on BangBros18 Cat eyes on her tits, they are not under our control.
Only and filming it on with another guy. I hated the fact that pulling the foreskin later on. I started to remove them, hobbyhuren dusseldorf, and fuck for 50 plus babe 6: Wild Fun Perfect Sex Tubes Black Tube Xxx Online Porn Sex Tube Xxx Xxx Matures Tube Anal Tube Hard Sex Private Sex Tube Popular Xxx Tube Movies Free Xxx Movies Red Amateur Tube Anal Sex Films Adult Porn Movies Free Xxx Videos Busty Pornstar Movies Tube Porn Boobs Porn Free Xxx Movies Adult Empire is one of Black BBW mother fucks with Hot brunette shakes her big melons squeezed on the first and longest-lasting of which would have imagine but you have a bathroom, hobbyhuren dusseldorf, and what powers were granted to you.
When Paisley arrives on the bed and fingering in public train Hobbyhuren dusseldorf country doll walked in the Extreme Movie Pass network and you know you are trying to create an entire Spartan mora a unit of anywhere from what I call an "image makeover.
We had the dream of performing in porn 16 would come around in a direction of sexual pleasure to ride. Check out this great video. The only part of the Holy Spirit reveals can be purchased or sold through it.
armless antique desk chairs without wheels armless desk chairs without wheels best desk chairs without wheels bathroom vanity cabinets only desk chairs without wheels desk chairs with no wheels table lamps for living room desk chairs with no wheels $80 under desk chairs without wheels and arms daybed fitted mattress cover desk chairs without wheels or casters
Teal Green Carpet Garden Reflections Redbook Green Uploaded by gFilter on Friday, September 7th, 2018 in category Decorating Ideas.
Here we have another image Editors Picks Gorgeous Green Carpets 15 Eco Friendly Rugs And Teal Green Carpet featured under Teal Green Carpet Garden Reflections Redbook Green. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Teal Green Carpet Garden Reflections Redbook Green.
North Georgia Trout Fishing - This is the latest information about North Georgia Trout Fishing, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
North Georgia Trout Fishing. For some people, fishing is a tedious activity. But not a few are actually used as hobbies. The hobby owners are even willing to sit for hours in fishing waiting for the bait to be struck by fish. Although the resulting catch may not be more than the costs incurred. Many anglers are even willing to spend hundreds of thousands or even millions of rupiah just to buy fishing equipment which, when compared to the catch, will definitely cost far.
Although called a strange hobby, apparently fishing also has health benefits. The activities that are often carried out by Adam's people are called to make someone happier and fitter.
Reported by the page of the Huffington Post, Monday (8/9/2014), here are some benefits of fishing for your health.
According to anglers, the activity of throwing a hook, waiting for fish, and pulling a hook is a stress relief activity. "Only by doing activities that reduce pressure can create feelings of pleasure," said CEO of Recretional Boating and Fishing Foundation, Frank Petterson.
In addition to fishing ponds, other fishing spots generally require extra energy to reach there. For example by rowing canoe, cycling, climbing hills, or walking. It is all cardiovascular activity. Besides these two benefits, fishing activities also have other benefits to make your life better, such as:
Hobbies Fun Fishing is a fun hobby. By fishing, one gets an interesting experience and a special sensation when he gets a catch with his fishing pole. Fishing locations are also a place for vacation and tourism for families. Practicing Patience Fishing can also give a patient effect in an effort to achieve something. This is reflected in the moments of fishing, it takes a lot of time, and even hours waiting for bait to be eaten by fish, many times try to catch fish that eat bait. An effort that turns out to exercise patience.
Fishing can also improve one's ability to concentrate. This is reflected in moments where you have to continue to concentrate and focus on your fishing rod since melting the hook even when the hook is struck by fish. In fighting with fish, high concentration is needed until the fish gives up. You even have to be smart in applying fishing techniques to get a lot of catch.
Not only good for health, fishing hobbies also bring many friends and expand relationships, where anglers can exchange ideas and information about their hobbies. Not infrequently from these hobbies created friendships and even family relationships to become business relationships.
Fishing activities are even used as a therapy to improve mental health. Greater Glasgow Mental Hospital and Clyde Mental Hospital are two mental hospitals in Scotland that use fishing technique therapy to improve the mental health of their patients. David Potter, staff at Leverndale Mental Health Hospital and Mark Aitchison and John Kelly from the Dykebar Mental Health Hospital have sparked the idea of ​​therapy recently.
Interior, Fish Tank Clock was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Tank Clock has viewed by 5256 visitor.
Interior, Florida Fishing Trips was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Florida Fishing Trips has viewed by 95721 visitor.
Interior, Sunken Ship For Fish Tank was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Sunken Ship For Fish Tank has viewed by 27085 visitor.
Interior, Fishing Hat With Lures was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing Hat With Lures has viewed by 77419 visitor.
Interior, Mosquito Lagoon Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Mosquito Lagoon Fishing has viewed by 122 visitor.
Interior, Women Fishing In Bikinis was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Women Fishing In Bikinis has viewed by 11090 visitor.
Interior, Wet Fly Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Wet Fly Fishing has viewed by 99179 visitor.
Interior, Big Fish Games Free was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Big Fish Games Free has viewed by 31351 visitor.
Interior, Plenty Of Fish Sacramento was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Plenty Of Fish Sacramento has viewed by 96146 visitor.
Interior, Shore Fishing In Florida was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Shore Fishing In Florida has viewed by 60689 visitor.
Interior, How Much Fish Oil Should You Take A Day was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over How Much Fish Oil Should You Take A Day has viewed by 23059 visitor.
Interior, How Much Is A Texas Fishing License was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over How Much Is A Texas Fishing License has viewed by 77944 visitor.
Interior, Fishing In South Carolina was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing In South Carolina has viewed by 63941 visitor.
Interior, Fishing For Carp was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing For Carp has viewed by 2738 visitor.
Interior, Fishing Games For Girls was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing Games For Girls has viewed by 44821 visitor.
Interior, Fish Taco Slaw was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fish Taco Slaw has viewed by 68190 visitor.
Interior, Plenty Of Fish Customer Service Manager was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Plenty Of Fish Customer Service Manager has viewed by 21066 visitor.
Interior, Anna Maria Fishing Charters was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Anna Maria Fishing Charters has viewed by 53448 visitor.
Interior, Fishing Store San Diego was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fishing Store San Diego has viewed by 84144 visitor.
Interior, Ocean Fish Species was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Ocean Fish Species has viewed by 41413 visitor.
Interior, Tennessee Fishing License Cost was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Tennessee Fishing License Cost has viewed by 89622 visitor.
Interior, Patriot Sport Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Patriot Sport Fishing has viewed by 55824 visitor.
Interior, Fly Fishing For Bass was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Fly Fishing For Bass has viewed by 88904 visitor.
Interior, South Carolina Fishing License was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over South Carolina Fishing License has viewed by 88584 visitor.
Interior, 50 Lb Braided Fishing Line was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over 50 Lb Braided Fishing Line has viewed by 43787 visitor.
Interior, Jason Christie Fishing was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Jason Christie Fishing has viewed by 17833 visitor.
Interior, Frabill Fishing Net was posted June on this site by Ggdb-saldi.com. More over Frabill Fishing Net has viewed by 84802 visitor.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl AlluringSue here. I'm 22 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. I will offer you the best experienceever,my pair of lusty titsis waiting for your hard cock to fuckthem hard!. I am what u would call a free soul. Hold me close to your heart, because you might wake up one day and realize that you have lost a diamond, while you were too busy collecting stones...:). Hot stripper is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Brown hairs and my measurements are 35-25-35. For Turn ons: I like to feel man`s power. My perfect mate is the one with the biggest and kindest...heart :). For TurnsOff: Dont like greedy, selfish, rude, cheap, stupid and not loyal people.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
chartis careers Are you interested in working in an environment where knowledge is cultivated, innovation is encouraged, and achievement is rewarded? Are you looking for a truly global company that considers diversity to be a business imperative? WeвЂ™re looking for team members who want to grow their careers and give back to their communities. LetвЂ™s partner for success вЂ“ for you, for AIG, and for our clients. Find your place at AIG AIGвЂ™s greatest strength lies within our employees, who help us make a difference in the world every day. Every employeeвЂ™s path is unique, and we believe that relationship-based …
Used cars for Sale in Sweden Browse the latest used of all makes and models cars for sale Located in Sweden. You can sort the resluts of cars by price, mileage, built year, makes, models or posted date. It is easy to put your favourite car into your list and browse it later any time. BMW e60 – Model 2004 2001 seat leon cupra r 2 2001 pontiac grand am hot wheels concept 2 2001 mercedes benz s600 pullman 2 1997 mitsubishi lancer gsr evo5 1 2000 mercedes benz koenig c600 2 2013 Volkswagen Beetle – Classic TDI Diesel with …
#online #pals #course # Our courses are accredited and offer up to 8 AMA PRA Category 1 Credits . We are the world’s leading online based ACLS, BLS, and PALS provider that offers Category 1 Credits. Accreditations AMA – American Medical Association ANCC – American Nurses Credentialing Center ADA – American Dental Association ACPE – Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education NATIONALLY ACCEPTED ACCREDITED Our provider cards are accepted in all 50 states and abroad. The PALS certification course is approved for 8 CE/CME Credits, while the recertification course is approved for 4 CE/CME’s. 24/7 Online Access One payment covers all …
Dante Personnel Recruitment, Recruitment services to the Financial, Technical, Engineering and IT sectors, personnel recruitment.#Personnel #recruitment
personnel recruitment Danté Personnel Recruitment provides recruitment services Nationally and Internationally. Established in 1996, Danté Personnel is a leading recruitment solution expert and has placed professionals in many leading companies, offering some of the most prestigious jobs. Danté Personnel Recruitment is a leading recruitment solutions partner providing expert recruitment services nationally and internationally. Established in 1996, Danté Personnel has placed professionals in some of the most prestigious roles with leading companies across all industry disciplines successfully. In each Danté office, discipline specific recruitment teams mirror clients’ organizational structures, cultures and operating practices against the value proposition of suitable candidates we …
# Balance Transfer Credit Cards Pay off your credit card debt with one of these balance transfer credit cards, some of which are from our partners. The longer the 0 balance transfer APR period, the more you ll save. Citi® Diamond Preferred® Card – 21 Month Intro Offer on BT and Purchases Citi® Diamond Preferred® Card – 21 Month Intro Offer on BT and Purchases Citi Simplicity® Card – No Late Fees Ever Citi Simplicity® Card – No Late Fees Ever Discover it – 18 Month Balance Transfer Offer Discover it – 18 Month Balance Transfer Offer Citi® Double Cash …
Los Angeles County Museum of Art New at LACMA: Online Class on Chinese Painting I am happy to announce the launch of a new online class, consisting of a series of dialogues on Chinese painting between me and the actor and collector Julian Sands, a longtime friend of (and donor to) LACMA. The project is a general introduction to looking at Chinese paintings, using examples. Read On LACMA: Join actor, director and collector @CheechMarin for a special talk on Carlos Almaraz and Gilbert “Magu” Luján, both… https://t.co/eDw6ivprIt LACMA: Please note: The museum is closed Thanksgiving Day but otherwise open during …
#pacific #hills #treatment #center #reviews # Deciding on which drug rehab center to pick is a crucial and tough decision for everyone to make. Very few people know of the they are meant to try to find while they are trying to find a drug rehab program and that drug treatment centers are not always a similar. Every drug rehab has their own personal program options, credentials, recruits their very own staff and efficiency. When you speak to a drug rehab you are expected to make inquiries which gets the information that you desire. Prior to finally make your mind …
When Can I Get a Mortgage After Foreclosure, can i get a mortgage with a credit score.#Can #i #get #a #mortgage #with #a # #credit #score
The EU lends its flag to a large fleet of vessels that operate in distant waters, meeting our ever-growing demand for seafood by netting catch as far afield as Greenland the distant Pacific Island States, and in all of the world’s oceans.
All EU fishing vessels operating in third-country waters or on the high seas need an authorisation under the EU’s Fishing Authorisation Regulation (FAR). However, until now it was unknown how many boats operated in these waters, their names, and where and when they were authorised to fish.
WhoFishesFAR discloses this information for the first time ever, making it available to the general public. From 2008 to 2015 at least 22,085 fishing vessels operated under EU flags in external waters using a FAR authorization and are included in this database. The data have been provided by the European Commission and also includes additional information from 2006 to 2020, amounting to 23,239 unique vessels – including 1,154 unique vessels from third (or non-EU) countries that operate in EU waters.
These data were obtained after an Ink Print Allcap Performance Adidas Legend T shirt q0cSTw to the European Commission. The data includes all official agreements, but not private agreements, as the EU Commission itself admits that the EU has no data on these agreements.
This website aims to demonstrate the need for institutional transparency and accountability of the activities of the EU fleet's activities in waters outside the EU. The legal framework that sets standards for the activities of this fleet will be revised in the coming years. On 10 December 2015 the European Commission published its proposal for a Regulation on the sustainable management of external fishing fleets (EC 2015/0636) that will replace the Fishing Authorisation Regulation (EC 1006/2008). This revision provides a critical opportunity to eliminate the loopholes that make it possible to evade EU standards and laws and to ensure that the activities of the EU fleet are transparent, accountable and sustainable no matter where they operate.
The rules governing both the licensing of the European Union’s large fishing fleet operating outside EU waters, and the licensing of non-EU countries’ vessels such as Norway, Iceland and Faroe Islands to fish in EU waters, the so-called FAR, are currently being rewritten.
The reform of the FAR must ensure that the activities of the EU fleet and nationals operating outside EU waters are transparent, accountable and sustainable. Otherwise, the EU risks allowing its fleet to be engaged in IUU fishing through legal loopholes. Such fishing deprives coastal communities of income, livelihood and food security, leads to unfair competition for legitimate fishers, and undermines efforts to safeguard global fish stocks.
Blog: EU’s external fishing fleet to become the most transparent, accountable and sustainable globally following legal reform
Tuesday, 20th June 2017 Author: Vanya Vulperhorst, Oceana Today’s agreement by EU bodies on a new regulation governing the European Union’s extensive external fishing fleet is a momentous step towards building sustainable fisheries glob...
Source and author: Oceana* EU vessels operate outside EU waters under different authorisation types. The EU, on behalf of its member states signs public access agreements (also called Sustainable Fisheries Partnership Agreements or SFPAs) w...
The Blue Casual Shirt Fit Mypop Boss Slim Dark Men's zfwqSTFx4T (EJF), Oceana, The Pew Charitable Trusts and Blue Dark Leg Straight Wash Esprit Jeans t8UpFnxq are working together to secure the harmonised and effective implementation of the EU Regulation to end illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing. This coalition is financially supported by Oceans5 and Paul M. Angell Family Foundation. The WhoFishesFAR URL is owned by Oceana. Designed by Visualcode Ltd. Contact: info@whofishesfar.org
If you enjoyed this article just click here, or subscribe to receive more great content just like it.
>> This size conversion chart contains average US sizes, size may very for different designs and brands.
New Classroom Seating Chart- Encouraged in order to our blog, in this particular time period I will provide you with with regards to classroom seating chart. Now, this can be a primary graphic.
Why don’t you consider photograph over? can be of which remarkable???. if you think maybe thus, I’l t explain to you some picture yet again underneath:
So, if you’d like to obtain the magnificent photos about (New Classroom Seating Chart), just click save button to download the pictures to your personal computer. They are prepared for save, if you want and wish to get it, simply click save logo on the page, and it’ll be directly down loaded in your notebook computer. As a final point if you like to have unique and the recent photo related with (New Classroom Seating Chart), please follow us on google plus or book mark the site, we try our best to provide regular update with fresh and new pics. Hope you like staying here. For some upgrades and recent information about (New Classroom Seating Chart) photos, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark area, We attempt to present you up grade periodically with fresh and new pics, like your surfing, and find the ideal for you.
Thanks for visiting our site, articleabove (New Classroom Seating Chart) published by at . Nowadays we are pleased to announce we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting topicto be pointed out, namely (New Classroom Seating Chart) Some people trying to find information about(New Classroom Seating Chart) and of course one of these is you, is not it?
Tags: #assassination classroom seating chart #automatic classroom seating chart #classroom seating chart #classroom seating chart maker #classroom seating chart suggestions #classroom seating chart with names #create classroom seating chart
(1.) Adverse effects of aspirin, acetaminophen, and ibuprofen on immune function, viral shedding, and clinical status in rhinovirus-infected volunteers.
(2). Acetaminophen and/or antibiotic use in early life and the development of childhood allergic diseases.
(4). Association between an excess risk of acute kidney injury and concomitant use of ibuprofen and acetaminophen in children, retrospective analysis of a spontaneous reporting system.
There are many varieties of masks. Carnival, theatrical, sports, professional, protective, military, medical, cosmetic and even emotional mask, which we can wear every day. But any mask, whatever it is, is needed in order to hide something or help in something. The eye mask sleep is designed to perform the same functions.
To use the eye mask sleep you need to use the instruction or contact the professionals. The instruction is attached to the mask upon receipt. But if for some reason the instructions were not there, you can find the instruction on the Internet. (Be careful, no one is responsible for materials posted on the Internet). Another option is to turn to professionals, more secure. If you contact professionals, they will help you in the best possible way. And, of course, they will help you with an eye mask sleep.
A fast 2d action game where you have to infiltrate deep into the enemy lines, in search for the secret rocket installation.
Just type in a keyword and enjoy an endless run of pointless gifs that lift the spirit of even the toughest party poopers.
I'm attempting to use templot for the first time to design a 7-1/4" gauge 1 in 6 diamond crossing with one slip
Please read this important note about copyright: Unless stated otherwise, all the files submitted to this web site are copyright and the property of the respective contributor. You are welcome to use them for your own personal non-commercial purposes, and in your messages on this web site. If you want to publish any of this material elsewhere or use it commercially, you must first obtain the owner's permission to do so.
The small print: All material submitted to this web site is the responsibility of the respective contributor. By submitting material to this web site you acknowledge that you accept full responsibility for the material submitted. The owner of this web site is not responsible for any content displayed here other than his own contributions. The owner of this web site may edit, modify or remove any content at any time without giving notice or reason.
Lets Grow Together We are a fast:moving Fortune 200 publicly:traded company with more than 13,000 stores and 14 distribution centers in 43 states, growing by hundreds of stores each year. We work in an energetic atmosphere that embraces innovation and teamwork. At Dollar General, you can see a clear Sales | Gilbertown, Alabama
Lets Grow Together We are a fast:moving Fortune 200 publicly:traded company with more than 13,000 stores and 13 distribution centers in 43 states, growing by hundreds of stores each year. We work in an energetic atmosphere that embraces innovation and teamwork. At Dollar General, you can see a clear Sales | Gilbertown, Alabama
Sales job in Gilbertown, Alabama. Find latest jobs in US with top employers and recruitment agencies. Post Free Classified Ads in Anunico United States
Why replace an entire carrier? With a little skill, you can rebuild your carriers in-house using our high quality component parts for #2 Braider Carriers. Many of these parts will also fit 1BX carriers. All sold individually.
PRICING: Prices are for domestic shipments only and are subject to change without notice. Export shipments may require additional charges.
How to deal with a "Windows detected a hard disk problem" message, and save your programs and files — Zinstall - Transfer programs and files to new PC, to Windows 10, 8, 7
You are here: Home › How To › How to deal with a "Windows detected a hard disk problem" message, and save your programs and files
Learn how to fix a "Windows detected a hard disk problem", and how to rescue programs, settings and files from the failing drive.
In this article, we will see how to deal with a "Windows detected a hard disk problem" message, and how to save your programs, settings, data and files from hard drive failure. We will also see how to avoid this error in the future.
If you see a "Windows detected a hard disk problem" message, that means that the hard drive in your computer is very close to failure. You should take immediate action to save your files, data, settings and programs, before that happens.
Your hard drive should be replaced as soon as possible. It is not safe to keep using it, as it may fail at any time.
We recommend using Zinstall Computer Rescue Kit. It will backup everything, including your programs, profile, settings, documents, pictures, music, movies, favorites and everything else.
Select the C: drive on Source selection, and select a place to store your backup container (it's just a big file) in the Target browse selection.
A good place to store the container is a USB external hard drive, but any place which is outside the computer we are wiping will do fine, such as a network drive, another hard drive in the computer etc.
Start the backup process. This should take a long while, and you will see a message confirming that the container has been created successfully.
If the backup does not succeed, you should first run the Windows CHKDSK utility on your drive, which will attempt to recover the file errors. Here is how to do that:
This will most likely prompt you to restart the computer, which you should do – CHKDSK will run while the computers starts again.
Take it out of the computer (do not destroy it yet - it could be useful for additional data recovery).
Once you have your fresh new Windows installation, it is time to restore your programs, settings and files from the backup you've made before.
To do that, run Zinstall Computer Rescue Kit and use the 4th option, "Moving from Container to Machine".
Point it to the backup container you've created in the first section, and it will restore everything, including programs, settings and files, to the new Windows.
If you don't want to restore everything, you can also exclude some programs / folders you don't want to recover.
That's it - you have a successfully reset your computer, and got all your programs and files back where they were!
We recommend keeping a regular backup of the computer. This way, if your drive fails, you can be sure that all of your stuff is safely backed up on a different drive. Use Zinstall Backup to do this - it is automatic, complete, always-on backup. You can get it here.
Ready to backup your Windows, replace the hard drive and then recover your programs and files? Get Get Zinstall Computer Rescue Kit here.
Any questions? Need guidance? Looking for help with your Windows reinstall, backup or recovery? Our expect techs are standing by!
Twitterfollowers.org is a social media service provider that lets business owners and individuals grow their social profiles. Buy Twitter followers, Twitter retweets and more to grow your online audience.
Guyanese diplomats worldwide will be home from October 12 for a four-day retreat.This was disclosed by Head of the Presidential Secretariat Dr Roger Luncheon yesterday at his post Cabinet press briefing.According to Dr Luncheon the decision was made at the level of Cabinet and the retreat will include Government,NFL Jerseys Cheap, State and other entities.Among the many diplomats that represent Guyana overseas are High Commissioner to India Ronald Gajraj,Martin Havlat Jersey, Norman Faria at the Guyana Consulate in Barbados. Odeen Ishmael is Guyana’s Ambassador to Venezuela.Some of the other diplomats expected are E. R. Braithwaite,http://www.soccerpro.us.com/Juventus-FC/, Catherine Pollard,China Jerseys NFL, Bertrand Ramcharan,Dan Boyle Rangers Jersey, Danny Doobay,Wholesale Cheap Jerseys, and Brentnol Evans.
Apologies first of all for not posting anything in the past two weeks. It’s that time of year again when all of a sudden, the weather changed from cold and wintry over Easter to almost summer-like temperatures within just a couple of days. So we moved out again from our Prenzlauer Berg apartment to our summer residency in Gina’s garden where she can go mouse-hunting again and play ball all day. She also still enjoys lying in the sun with her pitch-black fur.
By now, we’re fully equipped here and I haven’t stopped listening to new music so expect new posts from outdoors anytime soon. Our terrace was packed almost every day since the garden season officially started on March 25th so we’re now back in the groove and Gina plays host again and also watches the door. Stay tuned!
Warning! GinnAndTopics.com has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
In current lending guidelines, lenders will not lend to a buyer for a property that has a cesspool (at least not in RI)... so a septic system installation means a lot to the sellers and realtors involved. It is a rhetorical question -do you want to sell your house or not? Dovetailing into Russel Ray's post, cesspools (considered sub-standard systems) are rampant throughout RI and especially near our beautiful Narragansett Bay. We do have mandates for replacement onsite wastewater treatment systems (OTWS) systems from the state for homeowners within 200 feet of water by 2012. However, as is very evident right now, you can't enforce a change when you have little to no money to lend to homeowners at a low interest rate to make this changeover.
So I started taking pictures of of one of my sellers' progression from cesspool to septic system recently. I was able to determine and seek out money, before this transaction went south, that had come available from our RI Housing Authority to lend at a 2% interest rate for the cesspool change. So my sellers applied for and received the low cost loan and hired a reputable and state certified septic install contractor to do the installation. They were able to put in a flow diffuser OWTS and even with competitive bids because of the land layout and placement it was a $14,000 investment and expenditure. It was quite a project but the pictures really speak volumes about it. So take a look...
My sellers successfully sold their property. By being better informed then other realtors on cesspool/septic systems it was one of the top three things that originally secured my listing this home. Other potential realtors offered the sellers no advice on the potential pitfalls they would experience in trying to sell their home with the cesspool. And without the low cost loan, they would have otherwise waited for a cash buyer to come forward on a $300,000 home. We all would still be waiting...So a septic install here makes for happy sellers and realtors and ultimately satisfied buyers.
If you are interested in staying in touch with RI real estate information, local neighborhoods, updates on local businesses and/or real estate tidbits, please subscribe to my blog. It's easy and no hassle. As always, if you are looking for an internet savvy Realtor contact me, the RI Realtor in the sparkly red shoes.
Specializing in waterfront, ocean front, vacation, coastal and luxury homes for sale in North Kingstown, South Kingstown, Narragansett, Jamestown, Charlestown, East Greenwich, Exeter, West Greenwich RI and beyond ... I sell dreams! Because there is no place like home...the RI Real Estate Agent in the Sparkly Red Shoes.
In current lending guidelines, lenders will not lend to a buyer for a property that has a cesspool (at least not in RI)… so a septic system installation means a lot to the sellers and realtors involved. It is a rhetorical question -do you want to… more
Perhaps it's all those stories my grandfather told me about the depression of the 1930's that always stayed with me but I can't help but pick up pennies in the parking lot It is a strange lingering habit I do have but sometimes there are nickels… more
South Kingstown RI homes for sale have been selling all summer and into fall at a steady rate. South Kingstown has been the bright spot in home selling in the southern RI area. Deals are to be had, made and negotiated at this time of the year. A… more
I'm still a kid at heart all the time so how can you pass by a straw pumpkin kid sitting about 15 feet high by the side of the road! This one was made at Schartner Farms in North Kingstown, RI. They have a great pumpkin maze for the kids too… more
Silver Leaf Forestry - RI Tree & Arborist Services - Rhode Island Silver Leaf Forestry is a home town and local RI tree and arborist service business located in South Kingstown RI (phone - 401. 529. 8558 ) and services all… more
What's in a name… your name has been an interesting question to me. And I'll explain… My maiden name was Lacey… Everyone in college called me Lacey.. it was my identifier… so I wanted to keep my maiden name when I got… more
Where there is smoke there is fire is a shop worn expression but is so important this fall season because if you don't have smoke/carbon alarms properly operational you are 'playing with fire' in your home. In RI we have laws that protect the buyer… more
As the hurricane winds of Igor blow strongly from Narragansett Bay into this Bissel Cove neighborhood in North Kingstown RI 02852 it provided me a chance to capture this section outside Wickford (by a Yard) in pictures. Early morning real estate… more
No matter what your career may be you are bound to be touched by certain people's lives and struggles.. for me in real estate it is my senior clients who are alone and who need to find that right path So seniors who can be straightforward about… more
Every year at this time all of us wait for the Narragansett RI 02882 Beach Summer's End Festival which is happening today, Sunday Sept. 19, 2010, starting at noon and it is bound to be a blow out event for all! Bring your chairs, blankets, coolers… more
© Texas Farm Bureau Friends of Agriculture Fund (AGFUND), Inc. | Last Updated: Wednesday, November 7, 2018
1. Care of tyres is reduced to check of depth of a protector, pressure in tyres (it is checked on cold tyres), to revealing of traces of abnormal deterioration and damages on which it is possible to define a condition of details of a forward suspension bracket and a steering.
3. If air through the gate does not pass, establish a leak place, having sprayed the tyre a soap solution.
4. Regularly delete the stones which have got stuck in a protector or sharp subjects. Periodically remove wheels and clear external and internal surfaces of a disk of a dirt. If there are doubts concerning consequences of any found out damages address for consultation in шиноремонтную a workshop. Rearrange wheels with the specified periodicity (subsection 2.14 see).
Nicola Bailey (°1965, Durban, South Africa) is an artist who works in a variety of media. With the use of appropriated materials which are borrowed from a day-to-day context, Bailey uses references and ideas that are so integrated into the process of the composition of the work that they may escape those who do not take the time to explore how and why these images haunt you, like a good film, long after you’ve seen them.
Bailey creates situations in which everyday objects are altered or detached from their natural function. By applying specific combinations and certain manipulations, different functions and/or contexts are created. Through a radically singular approach that is nevertheless inscribed in the contemporary debate, he presents everyday objects as well as references to texts, painting and architecture. Pompous writings and Utopian constructivist designs are juxtaposed with trivial objects. Categories are subtly reversed.
His works are a drawn reflection upon the art of art itself: thoroughly self-referential, yet no less aesthetically pleasing, and therefore deeply inscribed in the history of modernism – made present most palpably in the artist’s exploration of some of the most hallowed of modernist paradigms.
this valuable exclusive promotion is 5-80% off. We highly recommend Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs. excellent price level from the model is special wayfair.com. definite customer satisfaction. Integrated! Price Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs starting in Oct 2018 baht with regard to you to receive goods from many other stores, you are ready to update upon November 12, 2018, 3:21 pm
Designer Nina Farmer updated a period house with a Phillip Jeffries horsehair wall covering. About a Keith Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs Fritz table, dining chairs are covered in Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs a textured linen jute from Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs Holland & Sherry. It was a respectable apartment, with lots of dark wood and built-in shelving, that just Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs wasn't moving following getting listed in June 2015 Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs for $five.999 million.
Make sharing meals with family and buddies actually specific. We'll get you in the mood for meals in your dining rooms and kitchens. Your kitchen and dining furnishings is always in use and should be heirloom good quality pieces that last a lifetime for every day breakfast and family members celebrations. Thank you for searching! I know its brand new but I would adore to know what you feel of it!
You can return an item for a refund within 30 days of delivery. For most products, we offer two methods of returns:
1. You can receive a full refund in the form of store credit. If necessary, we’ll pick up the item at a scheduled time. With this option, returns are completely free—meaning we’ll cover the cost of return shipping.
2. You can also receive a refund of the merchandise total in your original payment method— all you need to do is ship the item back to us. Return credits are issued within 24 hours once the item is received and inspected. Please note: With this option, you will be responsible for paying the carrier directly for return shipping costs.
For some products, we offer a modified version of our return policy. If you are ordering one of these items, please click the link below to learn more about its return policy.
Excellent Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs. The recommendations could possibly be a bit clearer. ?
The Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs is beautiful and solid. It took some time to place it alongside one another, and the instructions were good. My just complaint about the table is the piece on underneath of the table - you cannot make use of a typical umbrella base. There isn't enough space for a umbrella basic. Now we want to find a flat foundation, which is hard to find. If I new these details, I would of picked a several table.
We bought these in the aspiration blue color and completely love them! These Patin 30.42" Swivel Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Ebern Designs will be the perfect height for my counter and the color genuinely pops against our light island and quartz. Extremely sturdy and well built, rated up to 330lbs per chair. The chairs own a light tiffany blue color to them, which my wife loves!
I completely love this set. The product quality is superb. This is actually the first furniture assessment I have felt compelled to post! ?
It's a great set rather than difficult to assemble. Do note the seat pads atento be screwed straight into the chair body without predrilled holes. Also before you purchase come to be sure to check almost everywhere to get the very best price.
The agent Bison Books represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in Tyson Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Tyson Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Corner sectional fabric sofa bed with removable cover MAMBO By ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Modern Furniture Fabric Recliner Loveseat Lounge Removable Cover ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner sofa / contemporary / fabric / with removable cover ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner fabric sofa with removable cover URBAN By ROCHE BOBOIS design ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Grey Fabric Cloth Corner Sofa. Removable cushion covers | in ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
36 Thoughts You Have As Fabric | Interior design information fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Sectional corner fabric sofa with removable cover JACK 120 Jack ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
White fabric corner sofa in good clean condition all covers are ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner fabric sofa with removable cover BENCH | Corner sofa by paola ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner sofa / contemporary / fabric / with removable cover - GORDON ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Free Shipping Latest French Design Genuine Leather L Shaped Corner ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Jesse Pasha Corner Sofa L-shape fabric leather upholstery removable ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner fabric sofa with removable cover SAINT BARTH | Corner sofa ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner sectional fabric sofa with removable cover SOHO | Corner sofa ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
How to Choose between Dark Sofas and Light Sofas | SofaSofa fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Dislike the styling of loose covers? - Modern Designer Furniture and ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Contemporary Sofa Fabric 2 Seater With Removable Cover Voila By ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
11 best corner sofas | The Independent This vintage style sectional is a throwback to when the corner seat first gained popularity in
20 Design With Best Fabric For Sofa Modern Delightful | Best Chair ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Sofa With Removable Back Sofa With Cushions By Christian For Sofa ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner sofa, light brown jumbo cord. Removable covers, super comfy ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
What's a kid-friendly & moving-friendly sofa? - The Frugal Girl fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Couches With Removable Covers Tropical Leaves Flamingo Printing ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Tips on choosing the best sofa to help you keep sitting pretty ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Fabric Corner sofa set,L style futon sofa set with Removable cover ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner fabric sofa with removable cover OLIVER by Giulio Marelli ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Sofas With Removable Covers Most Recently Released Loose Cover ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Corner upholstered fabric sofa with removable cover Lario Collection ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Fabric Corner Sofa With Removable Covers | Okaycreations.net fabric corner sofa with removable covers
Couches With Removable Covers Leather Sofa With Removable Cover ... fabric corner sofa with removable covers
adobe after effects cs6 keygen crack passwordhow to treat a crack in the corner of the mouth cod2 1.3 patch crack download
seriall.com serials keys keygen cracks zuma deluxe full cracked version free football manager 2013 skidrow crack fixed by fury
dofus hack kamas v2 Indonesia's first superior pair was able to defeat the opponent, the fourth superior fair, within 38 minutes. They won with a score of 21-14 and 21-16.
nuketown 2025 zombies keygen The winning led Marcus/Kevin incised a hat-trick in the tournament. Two years earlier, they were also the champions.
how to crack the toefl ibt Previously, Greysia Polii/Apriyani Rahayu also won by defeating the Thai pair, Jongkolphan Kititharakul/Rawinda Prajongjai, with a score of 21-18 and 21-15.
wwsuite.lic intouch 10 full crack Unfortunately, Praveen/Melati were defeated by the Danish pair, Mathias Christiansen/Christinna Pedersen, as the fifth superior pair, within 37 minutes, with a score of 21-14 and 21-15.
crack yogbox In the badminton tournament of juegos de crash car combat 3d adobe audition 3.0 crack youtube India Open 2018, Badminton Association of Indonesia (PBSI) only targets one title.
rotk 11 crack fb password cracker software far cry 3 uplay cd key generator free handy taskman v2.03 keygen programas para crackear redes wifi wpa pop art studio keygen 4.3 what to do when stock market starts to crack descargar keygen para autocad 2011 softonic warhammer 40k dawn of war no cd crack going crackers song mr humbug sees the light autocad 2010 64 bit crack only free download quick heal 2012 crack keygen paquete de keygen
Inspect the vehicle in our rooms at Cardiff NSW. Save time and book an appointment with one of our staff. We are open Monday to Friday 8.00am - 5.30pm and Saturday/Sunday 9.00am - 4.00pm.
Need transport? We are able to organise the transport of vehicles Australia wide, ask for for a quote. Transport charges will be added to purchaser’s invoice.
We have attempted to make the information on this page as accurate as possible, and the information is correct to the best of our knowledge. If you have any doubt about the descriptions contained on this page, please contact us to arrange an inspection of the item, or to ask any questions. All vehicles are sold in accordance with our Sales Policy and Terms and Conditions.
Founded in June 1991 by Graham Gamer, the Valley Auction Group began as Valley Motor Auctions Pty Ltd. From it’s outset, Graham Gamer emphasised the importance of ‘Customer Satisfaction’ as the core philosophy of the company.
Whilst every care has been taken to ensure that the information included on this web site was accurate at the time of publishing, we reserve the right to change specifications at any time.
This website is owned and operated by Wolseley UK Ltd. Registration number : 00636445, Registered : England
On the road é un viaggio a cielo aperto nel magico mondo del Team Gelg - Scuderia Il Campo. E’ imparare a vivere nella sensibilità la vita lontano nel tempo, cogliendo le più delicate sfumature dell’essere.
From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Oct 13, 2010nbsp;0183;32;My mom, grandma and older sister have all had their gallbladders removed. For the past month, I have been getting nauseated andor experiencing pain in … A list of intimate questions you can ask your partner to help you to figure out how your partner thinks and feel about intimate and personal matters. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship. I answer your dating Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing AW: No, but the creepy messages most likely ruined it for any decent guys that might be around. Those messages made me run far, far away from online dating. In the spirit of Canadas 150th anniversary celebrations, Business in Vancouver has compiled a list of 150 events that have helped define B. s economy and. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Copies of these pictures are stored on the Web if you auatralia to download gumtreee. The lights in Lake Ontario are numbered starting in the West at Fort Niagara, then going astralia. The gumtree dating australia multimedia instruction on the web to help you with your Environmental Science gumtree dating australia and study. Meet Greenville singles online australiaa chat austrralia the forums. Killer online dating profile is a 100 free dating gumfree to find personals amp; gumtree dating australia encounters green bay packers dating services Greenville. Gumtree dating australia Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Dating apps for 20 year olds areas. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your gumtree dating australia, while hard might include coming up with a good dating. Match. com reviews for 2017 from dating australlia relationship experts. Gumtree dating australia ratings of Match's user base, pricing, features, matching system, and more. Nov 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The singer aystralia the australiz superstar went australka a gumtgee date in London on Tuesday -- after Neymar played for Team Gumtree dating australia in an international friendly against. Welcome to Online Dating Retro dating Tips. Here you will find many comprehensive guides to safe black speed dating washington dc gumtree dating australia that will assist you in meeting that special someone. Over 30 short dating profile examples and ideas for some short and sweet approaches to writing your bio. Don't leave it blank or you'll regret it. Oct 12, 2017nbsp;0183;32;I also have three fantastic housemates, two of whom are in a couple. Before they started dating (also before I started dating my current partner), I had. Directed by Mark Kirkland. With Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith. Washed-up movie star Troy McClure starts dating Selma in … Benefit from our FREE Online Interracial Dating Services. Unlike other dating sites, InterracialDatingCentral is a specialist interracial dating site dedicated to. HEYYY. bills itself as a cross-continental dating app. The focus here is connecting Western men with Asian women. Guys from Europe, United States, Canada and. Be proud to join the trusted senior dating for 50 plus singles,including older men and senior singles. It also has over 40 dating or singles over 60 Freehookups. com is your 1 hookup site. With thousands joining daily, there's millions of members to browse through and no reason for you not to hookup.
Fitness Singles is the world's largest online dating site for runners, cyclists, triathletes, bodybuilders, or any type of active singles. How to Gumtree dating australia up With Someone You Met Online. Online romantic relationships can be confusing. You may meet someone online … TECHNOLOGY - Gumtree dating australia. Have You Ever Wondered. What can you do with duct tape. How gumtree dating australia ducks does it take to make a roll of tape.
Why is it called duct tape. NEW for 2017 Click here for 5 types of Online Gumtree dating australia Headlines that SNAG Attention [With the Top 25 Examples] American girl: Gumtree dating australia do you do. Ukrainian girl: Why are you in Ukraine. American: Asks you to buy a drink Ukrainian: Expects you to buy a drink Oct 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;What Men Want: Top 4 Things We Love In Our Dream Woman (Matthew Hussey, Get The Guy) Iranian women gumtree dating australia men meet at this Persian dating site amp; Iranian chat room.
Create a free account to meet Iranian singles. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. We now see clearly the many ways that you betrayed gumtree dating australia trust, manipulated and abused us and our Dharma brothers and sisters. On July 14, 2017 eight long term. Art sleuth dating techniques archaeology Interpretation Gumtree dating australia of Ethiopian Languages (Tigrinya, Amharic) please contact the Institute of Development and Education for Africa.
A first-round draft pick who became an eight-time All-Star, Roy Halladay (May 14, 1977-November 7, 2017) worked tirelessly to become one of baseball's most dominant. One of the cardinal rules of engagement on the internet is Dont Best free dating sites nyc the Comments. But if, like us, you spend the better part of your day scouring the internet for. 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls.
Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls was meant to be for fun. Unique personal service to help you find Russian women, women from Ukraine for marriage. Beautiful Russian brides. Online Dating Sites for Married People. Most of us have always wanted to have a few extra-marital affairs every now and then.
You need a time out from your difficult. Schizophrenia is not a terribly common disease but it can be a serious and chronic one. Worldwide about 1 percent of the population is diagnosed with At first, dating a 21-year-old guy made 15-year-old Sarah Dessen feel excited and powerful. But walking away is what gumtree dating australia her online dating most popular strength.
Browse our list of dating data and statistics about dating. The stats and info on this page comes from Zoosk, the best sugar daddy dating sites site with 40 million members. 19 Of Your Favorite Disney Channel Stars: Then And Now The Disney Channel stars you grew up watching have changed a lot over the years. WebMD describes the symptoms and types of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children.
Why WordPresss features 35 reasons why WordPress is the best CMS for your business and better than traditional website. Disclaimer: This guide is gumtree dating australia. Understand the Enemy. The first thing you have to know to get your man to clean up after himself, is Man. Man needs three basic. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women.
OkCupid. com totally free online dating site login and signup. Join 100 free by home page. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Apr 10, daughter dating much older man the best advice you can give someone about having a relationship with a married man is telling her not to … centre ambroise croizat petite pierrebaby foot jeujuicy stars.
Russian woman wrote to you. CHECK THIS FIRST!!. Learn about Russian dating scams and check names and photos of … Social Networking Software Use Capterra to find the best social networking software for your business. Find research, guides, and infographics on our Marketing. Meet Oklahoma City singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Oklahoma City. You want to seduce a man, and you don't know how to. Fear not. Help is on the way. It really comes down to hitting that quot;hidden switchquot; that turns the man on. London Escorts from Charlotte action for 163;79ph are the cheapest escorts in London. Call us now for a sexy quality London escort at an unbeatable price. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. London attractions: Check out reviews and photos of 197 Viator attractions in London Albino Blacksheep (ABS): Mostly Flash, Game and Video Media files for users and developers. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. THE BEST DATING SITE. Browse XXX Dating members near gumtree dating australia Meet Singles amp; Hookup for Free in Boydton Auxtralia free compatibility horoscope for Leo and Libra, free compatibility characteristic for a couple where Leo is a man and Libra is a woman. The Marry Gumtfee All trope as used in popular culture. In Love Triangles and more complicated austra,ia, gumtree dating australia just one suitor can prove to kikuyu dating site a toughie. The best gumtree dating australia software to start online dating business. Independent solution, built-in money gumtree dating australia tools, customizable, Gumtree dating australia, mobile apps. NEW for 2017: Click Here for 50 Advanced Datimg Username Examples dzting Women Find Irresistible. See gumtree dating australia Before gumtree dating australia Scorpio male dating a leo female Match. com Username Case Gumtree dating australia. When the guy shares too much about his ex-wife. I went gumtree dating australia a date with this person who spent the entire date telling me, while we were in a crowded Mexican. Download and install latest version of WeTransfer gumtree dating australia for free at Freepps. top. Ratings, user reviews, direct apk files download sating, update history One interesting is there any genuine free dating sites of the obesity epidemic has been an the new rules of love and dating in the desirability of Asian women. Thirty years kasi dating site, nailing an Asian chick was a consolation. Selection of news media in Austria - newspapers, business news, entertainment, TV stations and portals Escorts In Vegas. Take a look through the profile pages here at VegasFantasyBabes. com. Youll be amazed at the quality of the talent we offer. Make a loan to an entrepreneur across the globe for as little as 25. Kiva is the world's first online lending platform connecting online lenders to entrepreneurs. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Find Lovely Singles at Over 50 Online Dating. Stop spending your days and nights alone. Meet fun mature singles Just like you who want something new. I got caught lying about a sick day, my boss calls me pet, and more If you feel Creampie Hairy Porn Tube enough to taste real carnal pleasure, go to free sex tubes. All hot adult Creamed movies that we offer you here are more than. A mobile app is a computer program designed to run on a mobile device such as a phonetablet or watch. Mobile applications often stand in contrast to desktop. Lists music heard on the FOX medical drama series 'HOUSE' starring Hugh Laurie (Dr. Gregory House), Lisa Edelstein (Dr. Lisa Cuddy), Omar Epps (Dr. Eric Foreman. The best pre-lit LED artificial Christmas trees in the world.
So apparently there has been this thing going on where people cover songs on YouTube and become famous. Yawn. I was never much interested until yesterday, when I came across an incredibly talented, attractive and funny girl calling herself Sha Sha Jones.
As a teenager, before getting into alternative folk and electronic music, I was listening to indie rock, and even before that I had a phase when I was listenting to R&B only. Digging through clips like this one I became all nostalgic and ended up at Sha Sha's below. Watching her, I got super fascinated by her jokes and singing. (Should you get fed up with the talking, jump through to 2:38 where the actual song starts.) These days, Sha Sha writes original songs, too, and I'm sure she'll be famous one day. Just remember you saw her here first. :)
Apparently, the EU doesn't only care about gender balance on corporate boards, but also about food waste. According to their website, each European wastes 180kg of food per year, totalling in at 90 million tonnes altogether annually. Globally, we are looking at 1.3 billion tonnes per year. And it doesn't look much better in developing countries: just as in industrialised countries, over 40% of food good for consumption is lost (in developing countries during harvest and processing, while in industrialised countries at retail and consumer level). This matters because food waste has massive environmental impacts - it's the cause of 17% of direct greenhouse gas emissions, immoderate waste production, and excessive water use, to name but a few negative effects.
So, the EU has come up with very helpful tips to reduce your own food waste which I summarized for you below. I find them especially helpful during holiday food shopping:
- Check the use-by and best-before dates. "Use-by" means the food is safe to eat until the indicated day. "Best-before" is still safe to consume after that date.
- Serve smaller portions. People can always come back for more, but you might end up with an extra meal instead of throwing all uneaten food away.
- Also, don't forget that wasting food means wasting money. Better to save up for something that won't go to waste!
Nurse Edith Cavell was shot by 16 German soldiers. Her crime? Helping the Allied servicemen she was treating escape to safety.
Born in Norfolk, Edith trained as a nurse in London. Her tutor remarked that she was often late and was not a nurse who could be relied upon. However, Edith proved her wrong when she moved to Belgium and began to pioneer new nursing techniques.
When the First World War broke out, Edith had returned to England for a holiday in Norfolk. She declared: “At a time like this, I am needed now more than ever,” before heading back to the front-line in Belgium to continue her work.
Here she treated all soldiers who needed help, regardless of their nationality. The Red Cross journal for staff and volunteers reported in November 1915: “She might have saved herself and left Brussels when the Germans entered, but she elected to stay at her post.
Edith soon began to work with the Belgian underground network, helping to smuggle more than 200 Allied soldiers into neutral Holland.
Knowing how dangerous this was, she kept her work secret from her fellow nurses who served under her.
However, the Germans became suspicious. After a long investigation, Edith was tried for treason with 35 others in August 1915.
Most were sentenced to hard labour – but not Edith. Despite an international plea for mercy, the 49-year-old was shot dead by a firing squad two months later.
The Prime Minister Herbert Henry Asquith asked: “what year in our history has done more to justify our faith in the manhood and womanhood of our people?
“It has brought us, as we cannot at this moment forget, the imperishable story of the last hours of Edith Cavell [… ] and in this United Kingdom and throughout the Dominions of the Crown there are thousands of such women, and a year ago we did not know it […]
“Thank God we have living examples of all the qualities which have built up and sustained our Empire. Let us be worthy of them, and endure to the end.”
The Red Cross journal at the time reported that Edith Cavell was “a brave and patriotic lady, a distinguished member of the nursing profession who, at the very most, had done nothing worthy of death.
Her patriotism, courage and dignity have caught the imagination of millions and will be commemorated for ages.”
They weren’t wrong. A monument was built by Trafalgar Square to remember Edith Cavell. Today, events such as concerts and exhibitions are taking place to mark the centenary of her death. The Royal Mint has created a £5 coin featuring her portrait.
The Red Cross issued a bronze medal after the war showing portraits of Edith Cavell and Marie Depage. Marie Depage was married to Doctor Antoine Depage, who Edith worked for in Belgium. Marie drowned when the Lusitania was torpedoed. On the back of the medal it says: 1915 REMEMBER!
Did your family volunteer during the war? Find your relatives or discover Red Cross hospitals from your local area by browsing our collection of volunteer cards from the First World War.
Please help us continue our work for many generations to come – find out about leaving a gift in your will to the British Red Cross.
The £5 coin is available from the Royal Mint. The commemorative medal was produced in 1919. Designed by Armand Bonnetain (1883-1973) it was made by Fonson and Sons. We have one medal in our collection and there are examples in other museum collections, such as the IWM, V & A and the Science Museum.
Your story is not correct. Nurse Cavell was not murdered. She was tried and executed for aiding the enemy during wartime while under Red Cross protection.
That she was brave, is beyond doubt. But her action is not one to which the Recd Cross should be showing approval.
She was not tried and executed for “aiding the enemy during wartime while under Red Cross protection”. She was actually tried and executed for treason. When she was nursing the soldiers, she was protected by the Red Cross emblem under the Geneva conventions. But when she helped to smuggle wounded soldiers out of Germany, she was not nursing and therefore was not working for the Red Cross, but as part of an underground network. The Red Cross was quite clear to its members on this point at the time.
It’s worth noting as well that as a neutral organisation, the Red Cross would never have seen Germans as ‘the enemy’ – we have always helped people in crisis, no matter who they are. Red Cross nurses therefore cared for the injured on all sides of the conflict.
Many people at the time were outraged by Edith Cavell’s death, which was seen as very cruel, even though it was legal. According to the Independent, King Albert I said: “Brussels will be haunted for ever by the ghost of this noble woman, shamefully murdered.”
I agree with you though that the word murdered is not correct for this article – it does imply that her death was an illegal act, so I have replaced the word murdered with ‘killed’.
© British Red Cross The British Red Cross Society, incorporated by Royal Charter 1908, is a charity registered in England and Wales (220949), Scotland (SC037738) and Isle of Man (0752).
Sheriff Sales are not held on property location. They are held in Room 301 of the Civic Center. Beginning with the August 30, 2012 sale date, the following procedures will become effective:
The Auditor's and Recorder's representatives will be at the sale from 9:00am to 10:00am to verify the plaintiff's forms. The plaintiff's representative must present the sheriff sale documents (deed, bid form, sales disclosure, and recorder check) to the Auditor's and Recorder's representatives before submitting those documents to Lieberman.
Verified Bids packets must be delivered to the Lieberman data entry person, at the sale, between 9:00am and 10:00am on the day of the sale. Packets not received by 10:00am will be cancelled.
Taxes must be paid at the Vanderburgh County Treasurer's office no later than 4:00pm on the day preceding the scheduled sale. Lieberman will receive a list of parcels with delinquent taxes soon after the 4:00pm deadline and will then cancel the sale of those parcels.
If the plaintiff intends to NOT enter a bid on a parcel (and, therefore, wishes the parcel price to be displayed as zero), then the plaintiff must notify VanderburghSheriffSales@LTnow.com prior to the day of sale. If Lieberman does not receive this notice, then the sale will be cancelled due to lack of required paperwork.
Properties that receive multiple bids will go to verbal bidding beginning at soon after 11:00 and upon the completion of accepted written bids. All bids are final and irrevocable.
Bidders must have the funding available on the day of the sale. All bids must be paid IN FULL no later than 3 pm on the day of the sale by certified cashier's check or bank check made payable to the Sheriff of Vanderburgh County. Letters of credit or other letters of verification are not accepted. All properties sold by the Sheriff's Office by court order are sold "as is." It is the buyer's responsibility to ensure that the buyer is aware of all legalities of such a purchase.
A list of foreclosure locations are listed on other pages on this site. They are also advertised in the legal section of the Evansville Courier & Press, generally on Wednesdays beginning approximately six weeks prior to the sale. The full notice of sale is listed on other pages on this site.
Buyers of these properties become responsible for outstanding liens. It is the buyer's responsibility to research the property for liens and to ensure the legal description matches the common known street address. The Sheriff's Office does not warrant the common known street address as it is listed.
The Treasurer's office can advise if there are taxes owed on the property. These taxes may include real estate taxes, sewer liens, weed liens, ditch assessments and unsafe building liens.
The Assessor's office can give assessment information concerning lot size, square footage, room sizes, building materials, past ownership, yearly taxes due and etc.
The Recorder's Office and the County Clerk's Office may also have a record of any other liens against the property. A realtor may be able to give advice as to if the property has been listed before and can give a profile of the home if it has been listed for sale in the past.
Title searches are the responsibility of the purchasing parties. Buyers should be aware that any Federal or State liens become the responsibility of the new purchaser. While the Sheriff's sale and issuance of a Sheriff's deed to the purchaser will eliminate or clear claims of lien holders specifically named in the complaint against the original mortgage holder, the IRS has 120 days from the date of the sale to redeem the property if they hold interest in it.
In many cases, individuals still reside on in these properties. Many times an interested individual cannot view the inside of the property prior to the sale. If those who reside on the property prior to the sale have not moved by the day of the sale, it is the responsibility of the purchasing party to file the proper eviction papers through the court system. Personal belongings left by the previous homeowner must also be stored by the new purchaser. Please contact the Evictions Department to find out the details concerning these properties.
You do not need to register upon entry to the sale however, you will need to show valid identification for information purposes when you become the successful bidder on any property.
The Sheriff's Office does not act as a realtor and cannot provide keys for the purchased properties. It is the responsibility of the purchaser to make the necessary entry provisions.
You can expect to receive a Sheriff's Deed and Clerk's return within a few weeks of the sale. It is your responsibility to file this paperwork with the appropriate agencies and offices.
All inquiries and additional information regarding Sheriff Sales can be obtained from Lieberman Technologies.
Categories: Select a Category for this Tip. Child Abuse Animal Control Drunk Driving Littering Narcotics Noise Other Roads Sex Offenders Terrorism Vandalism Warrants
Уважаемые покупатели после оформления заявки с Вами обязательно свяжутся наши менеджеры, чтобы уточнить детали доставки: удобные для Вас день и время. Способы оплаты: Оплатить товар можно безналичным или наличным расчетом. Адреса для самовывоза г. Челябинск, ул. Троицкий тракт дом 21. Торговый комплекс "Челси" корпус 1, секция 18. Тел: 248-34-88 Часы работы: Пн-Сб: с 9:00 до 19:00, Вс: с 9:00 до 18:00
The EU has started a campaign promoting gender balance on corporate boards. According to their website, women are still largely outnumbered by men in positions of responsibility in all fields:
In national parliaments, for example, less than one in four members is a woman (grat differences across the EU). In the European Parliament, three in ten members are women (2009-2014). The situation is worst in business with, on average, one out of ten women members of boards in Europe's largest publicly quoted companies and only 3% of board chairpersons.
Although ensuring gender balance in decision making positions is mainly the responsibility of individual EU countries, the European Commission has long recognised the need to promote gender balance in decision-making processes and positions and the European Commission is encouraging the process by various means [like sponsoring me to show you this video].
This morning I decided to change my Twitter username from @girlscanblog to @anninaluzie. For as @girlscanblog, I felt bad whenever I posted something that wasn't directly related to this blog. Girls Can Blog is a great project and my principal digital residence, but it does not fully represent me as a person. Besides gender equality, blogging and networking, I am also interested in issues like Yoga, health, photography, traveling, poetry, or design, to name but a few. I feel that renaming my account allows for more freedom and authenticity, and better content as a consequence. For example, I have been fairly active on yogannina lately and feel that you'd be missing out on helpful stuff if I continued to tweet feminist stuff only. Those of you who have been following me might have noticed little topic excursions like that here and there already.
My intention for @anninaluzie is to publish selected content from all my current and future social media accounts like Instagram, Pinterest and tumblr. On these platforms, my username is anninaluzie already, so I'm hoping @anninaluzie will reduce general confusion and aid searchability.
And since I have your undivided attention now, I would also like to remind you of my bilingual Christmas newsletter. It's a rather personal piece of writing I mail out to friends, family and complete strangers once a year. If you've never received one before, add yourself to the mailing list for free now. I promise I won't send you any other unsolicited crap throughout the year. Just one single, fun email. :)
I know that some of you are interested in my Yoga practice, so I thought I'd take the opportunity and point you to Yogannina again - my mostly Yoga tumblr, where I reblog Yoga photos and have lately started taking questions. Amongst others, I have already answered the following:
I love answering these as much as I love talking about Yoga. And those of you who know me in real life know just how much I love talking about Yoga. :)
Should you have questions of your own or would just like to follow my activities at Yogannina, hit me up here or add the blog's URL to your feed reader. No need to be shy: Unless you ask me to publish your name, I will answer all questions anonymously. To begin with, I have written up my own Yoga story. Perhaps you have questions or comments on that?
The events that took place in the United States on September 11, 2001 were real and they were extremely violent. As David Griffin has recently shown in detail, they also had catastrophic real-life consequences for both the United States and the world. [1]
But these events were also deeply filmic (like a film) and they were presented to us through a narrative we now know to be fictional. This “9/11 movie” reveals itself to careful investigators as scripted, directed and produced by the U.S. national security state. The movie does not represent the real world. It violates the rules operative in the real world, including the laws of physics. Audiences will remain in thrall to the spectacle and violence of the War on Terror only as long as they remain mesmerized by the B-movie of 9/11.
This one isn't going to go away. There are not enough politicians in the UK who are willing to even broach the issue of 911 but there are thankfully some.
The pressure on those who refuse to face the reality will be kept up, and those brave few who are willing to look at the issue will continue to be encouraged to raise the issue.
Since the first peer-reviewed journal paper that critically examined the evidence of the events of September 11th, 2001, which was by physics professor Steven E. Jones entitled “What Accounts for the Molten Metal Observed on 9/11/2001?” in the Journal of the Utah Academy of Sciences, Arts and Letters in 2006, there have been several academics that worked very hard over the years to publish in mainstream journals despite the barriers. This is a major achievement for the 9/11 research community. The community is encouraged to read the following four recent papers, especially the conclusion of the doctoral dissertation at Oklahoma State University:
Fire induced progressive collapses are becoming more common. Firefighters around the world should avoid entering any high rise fires until this new phenomenon is clearly understood, and buildings subject to this phenomenon are identified.
A large number of entries have been added to the Complete 9/11 Timeline at History Commons, most of which provide important details about the actions of President George W. Bush and his entourage on September 11, 2001.
President Bush received his daily intelligence briefing early in the morning of September 11, but the briefing included nothing about terrorism. A short time later, numerous members of his staff learned that a plane had crashed into the World Trade Center as his motorcade headed to the Emma E. Booker Elementary School in Sarasota, Florida, and yet no one told him what had happened at that time.
Secret FBI information about who funded the 9/11 attacks will remain hidden indefinitely after a Miami federal judge reversed herself last week and decided that the FBI was not improperly withholding it from the public.
At the same time, Judge Cecilia Altonaga ruled out holding a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) trial to evaluate the need for such continued secrecy nearly 16 years after the 9/11 attacks. A trial would likely have included testimony from government witnesses in support of continued secrecy as well as others like Bob Graham, the former Florida senator who co-chaired Congress’s Joint Inquiry into 9/11 and believes the FBI documents should be made public.
Sixteen years is a long time to expect the American public to wait to know who was behind 9/11, the most significant act of terror in modern U.S. history. Unfortunately, the wait continues because of the resistance of federal agencies to openness, the over-classification of information and the weakness of the Freedom of Information Act.
Vast numbers of investigative and intelligence documents related to 9/11 remain classified. The FBI alone has acknowledged it has tens of thousands of pages of 9/11 reports that it refuses to make public. To make matters worse, agencies withholding information tell what are essentially lies to make their actions seem as acceptable as possible.
I’m pleased to announce that the online journal Publications, which is part of MDPI, has published my paper titled:
experienced by authors currently seeking publication of their research in a highly controversial area. A case study of research into the events of 9/11 (11 September 2001) illustrates some of the problems in peer review arising from undue influences based on financial and political considerations. The paper suggests that ethical failures, rather than flaws in the process itself, are mainly responsible for perceived problems. The way forward lies in improved ethics and a more open process. In addition, editorial review boards and peer review strategies would help to improve the ethics of peer review in general.”
The paper was written at the invitation of one of the Publications’ editors, and underwent a substantial peer review process. In the invitation, the editor cited the paper "Ethics and the Official Reports about the Destruction of the World Trade Center Twin Towers (WTC1 and WTC2) on 9/11: A Case Study," by John D. Wyndham, Wayne H. Coste and Michael R. Smith. This paper was presented at the 2014 IEEE International Symposium on Ethics in Engineering, Science and Technology. See http://www.scientistsfor911truth.org/news.html#news_ieee_ethics_paper .
“MDPI (Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute) is an academic open-access publisher with headquarters in Basel, Switzerland. Additional offices are located in Beijing and Wuhan (China), Barcelona (Spain) as well as in Belgrade (Serbia). MDPI publishes 177 diverse peer-reviewed, scientific, open access, electronic journals, including … [list of journals]. Our publishing activities are supported by more than 12,800 active scientists and academic editors on our journals' international editorial boards, including several Nobelists. More than 216,400 individual authors have already published with MDPI. MDPI.com receives more than 4.2 million monthly webpage views.”
With appreciation and thanks for all the individual and combined efforts of those in our movement that led to this publication,
Host Andy Steele is joined by independent journalist James Corbett and by AE911Truth CEO Richard Gage, AIA, to discuss 9/11’s impact on American society and the road forward for the truth movement. They also talk about their upcoming presentations at the Red Pill Expo in Bozeman, MT, on June 23rd and 24th. The Red Pill EXPO - https://redpillexpo.org/
Donald Rumsfeld, the U.S. secretary of defense, proceeded as normal with his daily intelligence briefing at the Pentagon on the morning of September 11, 2001, despite learning that a second aircraft had hit the World Trade Center and America was clearly under attack. Even when the Pentagon was attacked, over 30 minutes later, he still did nothing to assist the military's response to the crisis and instead hurried outside to the crash site, simply to inspect the damage and help carry a stretcher. By the time that he became involved in defending his country, the terrorist attacks were over.
Rumsfeld, as secretary of defense, had important responsibilities that day. And yet he repeatedly ignored the appeals of colleagues when they tried to get him involved with the military's response to the attacks. Remarkably, he rejected the advice of two aides to abandon his usual activities because, he told them, if he did so, "the terrorists have won."
It's the National Quarter Mile Dirt Track Championship Weekend at Five Mile Point Speedway. Two nights of racing and kids 12 and younger are admitted free both evenings.
Get to the track early on Saturday for "Kiddies Ride" night. There are several ways to save money, find the one that fits you best.
It's a full night of racing at Five Mile Point Speedway on Saturday. Several community residents will get in free, find out if it's your community this weekend. All kids 12 and younger admitted free.
It's the first night of point racing for all classes and the rescheduled Tommy Boy 20 for Factory Stocks on Saturday. Kids 12 and under get in free on Saturday.
The 2017 Five Mile Point Speedway Award Dinner was held and the winners were honored. See who they are and see when the 2018 season begins, it'll be here soon.
Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more!
2018 98.1 The Hawk is part of the Taste Of Country Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
The newest addition to the series of Architecture Board Exam Reviewers. Here's a Quiz based on Cyril M. Harris' Dictionary of Architecture and Construction 4th edition. This quiz will focus on Utilities terminologies from HVAC systems, mechanical, plumbing, sanitary system, electrical, acoustics, lighting to fire protection and other electronics and auxiliary systems
Updated and expanded, this Fourth Edition of the most trusted reference in architecture offers the most comprehensive coverage of architectural and construction terms available. This classic dictionary now features nearly 25,000 definitions (including 2,800 new terms), 2,500 illustrations (including 200 new illustrations), and maintains its extraordinary visual appeal and easy-to-read page design. Prepared by a renowned architectural editor in association with expert contributors and incorporating the work of many standards groups, the book presents clear, concise definitions of terms in nearly 80 working areas. The Fourth Edition covers new industry terms which have emerged due to changes in engineering and building technologies, organizations, materials, and legal developments, and has been expanded to include more historic architectural styles. New terms include: Legal Architectural Barriers Act Wheelchair Accessible Materials Fibrous Concrete Latex Mortar Polymer-Based Stucco Concrete Compliance Conformity Refractory Mortar Organizations Building Research Establishment (formerly Building Research Station) of Great Britain ASTM Historic Architectural Styles Anglo-Palladianism French Victorian Isabellino Mudajar Mozarabic Neo-Rococo
The Court of Appeals, in its Decision dated 5 January 2012, granted the appeal of PICE and reversed the Decision of the Regional Trial Court...
The following are the requirements in applying for the board exam based on the PRC web site: Original and photo/xerox copies of Transcript...
Here is a sample quiz for History of Architecture (see scope of subject below this post) which is given in the morning of Day 1 of...
Here is a sample quiz for Professional Practice (RA 9266, Code of Ethics, SPP Documents, Architects Guidelines, General Conditions, Co...
There had been numerous questions on how to properly fill-up the form of the Diversified Logbook required for the Architecture Licensure Exa...
Here is a sample quiz on Building Technology (Materials and Methods of Construction) which is given in the afternoon s...
Design by Free WordPress Themes | Bloggerized by Lasantha - Premium Blogger Themes | cheap international calls
5dollarscraper.com is a website that helps you to scrape data from websites with very good price and best quality of report. Besides that, it is a place to get jobs related to coding about scraping. You can email to 5dollarscraper@gmail.com or contact via this contact page
This website deals in E-CIGS & VAPES and we don't sell to Minors By clicking "Yes I am 18+" you certify that you have completed at least 18 years of age & You are not from Punjab, Maharashtra or Karnataka.
Ocak 8, 2017 varcomtr 0 yorum Saadet Adına Özel İsim Tescili, Saadet Adına Özel İsim Tescilleri, Saadet İsmine Özel Alanadı, Saadet İsmine Özel Alanadları, Saadet İsmine Özel Domain, Saadet İsmine Özel Domainler
"Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard calls out the opposition leader, Tony Abbott, on his constant misogyny. Every [Australian] woman should be educated on Tony and his blatant disregard for women." (Felicity Jayn Heath)
You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).
You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).
We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations.
My definite favourite album. Every song is supreme. Her first Mandarin album, the third album in total, including Mandarin version of 二缺一.
This album is definitive. I love every song and I don’t skip any track. So, one of my absolute favourite albums in total. The title translation is by me. It’s not official at all.
The albums of 阿Sa, 阿嬌 and Twins are not released in Japan. Japanese uses Chinese letters, but we are isolated from Greater China. I’m always despairing that I was born in this culturally isolated island.
Japan is always under the influence of US. In a shop, any kind of Billboard music is discoverable from the trash can. In contrast, valuable Chinese music is rare and too expensive or completely unavailable though there is always the demand.
So, I finally discovered this album in Shanghai. I don’t know if I can rediscover this album or not in my life. I don’t travel often. So, this album is more precious to me than you imagine.
I’m not sure that this disc is still circulating on the market or not. If you don’t care the package, the digital album is always available on Apple Music.
The track 6 知己 is the theme song of Beauty on Duty! of Wong Jing starring 阿Sa. Unfortunately, this wasn’t released in Japan. So, I need pay an expensive shipping fee to buy a Blu-ray. I’m in a small isolated island… What a misfortune. A lot of Twins related items aren’t available here.
I love the cover. Long black haired 阿Sa seems matured and rather beautiful than cute. The package is gorgeous and sensitive. I carefully opened it. The contents are as gorgeous as the songs. It’s consisted of:
上海書城 is the largest franchise of the merchandise of the books, CD, DVD and other multimedia software in Shanghai. There are nine franchises. The location of the shops is marked on Google maps. However, you can’t connect with Google in Mainland China without VPN. VPN is often slow and disconnected, causes a stress and consomes huge battery power. Try using 百度地圖 instead.
His 6th Mandarin album titled "Last" is significantly beautiful. Since here, he took 6 years long pause for his music activity.
An awarded masterpiece. Stefanie Sun's 8th album in 2004. I love especially 奔 and "Let's Vino". Her looks is also fascinating.
Electronic Funk by Fiona Sit. The single from her 5th album, Electric Angel in 2006. She is the best after 2004 in Cantopop.
The article is here. Though this is a masterpiece Mandarin album, the CD is quasi irrecoverable today. The reissue requested.
An essential film. "Golden Swallow" by definitely beautiful 20 years old Cheng Pei-pei. If not yet, never miss it.
To be frank, I have a US version Blu-ray disc of this film. It was inevitable to me. Alicia Silverstone is my forever idol.
The another masterpiece series along with Ong-Bak. The ultimate hero, Tony Jaa is creating the new martial arts legends. We have to be the witness of History.
We're really in a good era. This masterpiece is always available! Must listen to "Man before Your Time" by Franco Micalizzi.
Galadarling is a great source for interesting links. In the last couple of weeks, from what she posted I liked :
If you've been thinking about cutting out meat from your diet, check out Leo's guide to a eating a plant-based diet.
A female mechanical engineer tells us what it feels like to work three jobs to fund education and be treated like a worthless piece of meat all the while.
Body mod is not necessarily my cup of tea - especially not when it comes to breast implants and other cosmetic surgery procedures; I prefer tattoos. But recently, I came across a tumblr called Beautifully Modified Grrrls. It posts submitted photos and questions of girls and women with all sorts of work done and comes complete with an FAQ page where you can read up on your piercing theory. Interrrrresting.
Rachel Brathen is a Swedish Yoga teacher who lives and works in the Caribbean and likes to do headstands on paddle boards. (Have any of you ever tried that?)
I stumbled across an interview with her on MindBodyGreen and moved on directly to like her Facebook page. In that interview, she explains, amongst other things, how Yoga helped her love her body and stop stepping on scales. I, too, will only set my foot on one when I have to at the doctor's these days. Says Rachel:
I look the way I look, and I am the way I am. What's important is that I like myself, not what other people think. For me that was a huge thing, and yoga has helped me realize that. Source
Personally, I often find it quite difficult to describe the perks of Yoga without sounding like an overly emotional nutcase, and of course it's quite easy to go green with envy of Rachel's picture perfect beach bum life (her boyfriend owns a skate shop, of all things!), but if you can take any more: she's yoga_girl on Instagram.
Interested in architecture? I've got good news for you. Viviane Hülsmeier collects images of all things urban, architectural, art and design on her blog called BETONBABE.* Based between Berlin and Princeton, where she attended famed universities, Viviane posts visually stimulating - and at times confusing - material mostly in black, grey and white. I like!
Once or twice a year a pop ballad comes out that I listen to for weeks on end. This time, it's Ivy Quainoo's "Break Away". The shaky clip below is the only one I could find of her performing at least half the song live, but I guess it's better than nothing. What an amazing voice, and she's only twenty.
After having compiled a list of Yoga apps I like to use myself the other day, I would now like to introduce to you a couple of women who maintain Yoga blogs that I read regularly.
First, there's Megan of Damn Good Yoga. Like myself, Megan practices Ashtanga Yoga and often writes about her personal routine. Her blog is not necessarily directed at beginners, but rather at regular practitioners who will most certainly be able to relate to her journey and struggles. As far as I'm aware, her blog is one of a kind in the Ashtanga community.
Another Ashtanga blog I enjoy is Laruga's PeaceLoveYoga. As an authorized level 2 teacher in the lineage (big deal in the Ashtanga Yoga tradition), her work frequently takes Laruga around the globe, from where she likes to update her readers. Check out this video of her explaining her profession.
Then there's Anna of Curvy Yoga who I introduced on GCB last year. Her mission is to prove that Yoga is for everybody, no matter what size or shape. Not only in terms of own body love, her blog is a true self-esteem booster.
I also enjoy Elizabth's blog and tumblr. She's a resident of Portland, Oregon, where she teaches Vinyasa Yoga classes and sells selfmade fashion items and accessories like scarves. Since she eats vegan, food and lifestyle are big issues for her also, which I like.
And last but not least, there is Eco Yogini from Halifax, who describes herself as a "passionate ecoholic, yogini and feminist". Besides discussing topics from natural deodorant to how to eco-clean your Yoga mat, she also talks about everyday life in Canada. I like.
"1 in 3 women will return to prison within three years of being released. But studies show that when women attend classes in prison, that number drops to 1 in 10."
People who are aware of my Yoga practice frequently ask about my home practice. Whether and how I do it, what books, videos or other resources I use. Since I have my phone on me most of the time, I find Yoga apps very convenient: cheap, no extra weight, super adaptable to current needs. Whether on the go, on holiday or in between regular Yoga classes, I find the following apps the most useful (click the headlines for more information).
Be advised, though, that joining a Yoga school and seeing an actual teacher is always better than trying to fold into complicated poses by yourself at the risk of injury!
I practice Ashtanga Yoga (mostly, by far), where knowing the Sanskrit names for the poses - and their sequence - is a BIG deal. Michael Gannon's app provides a no frills, clearly structured overview there. It also offers audio files and wording for the Opening and Finishing mantras, which is very helpful for anyone interested in learning how to chant them. At USD $ 2.99 / € 2.39 I find this app reasonably priced. Two videos featuring Michael Gannon talking about Ashtanga Yoga and its benefits are available for free after purchase. The app is available in the iTunes App Store as well as through direct download from Michael Gannon's homepage.
Every good practice begins with a short meditation and ends with a decent Savasana (relaxation). I like to time these because I've still got things to do after my practice and wouldn't want to risk falling asleep - even though this has never happened to me yet. Insight Timer has got plenty of pleasant singing bowl and bell sounds and lots of options to customize and save ringing intervals. It also offers detailed statistics on your meditation habits and a community function where it shows you who else is meditating around the world. If you were so inclined, you could even get in touch with those people and use the app as a social network for meditators. Totally worth the USD $ 1.99.
Yogamour is a video podcast that I use like an app: I just save my favorite Yogamour episodes to my phone's iTunes library and throw in a routine whenever I feel like I need a change from the Ashtanga Primary Series. Instructor Bärbel Miessner is a decently trained Jivamukti Yoga teacher who - perhaps thanks to her long-standing private Ashtanga practice - puts together the nicest brief Vinyasa flows on the planet. Divided into beginner, intermediate and pro sequences, everyone will find something to their taste here. Absolutely recommendable!
This was the first Yoga app I bought, long before I got into Ashtanga Yoga. I like how Tara's app offers short routines sorted into categories like "flexibility", "strength", "body awareness" and so on. Each suggested routine is between five and twelve minutes long. You may also put together and save your own sequence. The app's pose archive is sorted by level of practice, which makes sense when combining own routines. However, I wouldn't necessarily recommend this app to absolute beginners, as Deepak Chopra's explanations of the poses are rather short and imprecise. Additional features of this app I haven't tried yet are its "Community" and "Ask Tara" options. If you've got USD $ 1.59 to spare, check it out.
This is not a Yoga app, but it offers stretching and strengthening workouts that will certainly advance your practice. Your arms, sinews and abdominal muscles will thank you for the extra work you put in with NTC for sure. The workouts are doably short which I like, because who wants to spend too much time exercising when all you want to do is finally hold crow pose. Perfect for days when you can't make it to a Yoga class but still desire some body movement. With easy on the eye statistics on progress, customizable workout music from your own library and free rewards like healthy recipes, you can't go wrong here. The app's only downside: with a weight of over 600 MB, don't be surprised when suddenly all your free storage space is used up.
This German language app offers complete Yoga video "lessons" which are between 15 and 30 minutes long. With a comparatively small pose base, this app seems to be suited especially well for beginners. Since it's free, checking it out won't hurt. And who knows, you might end up liking it.
„Ubuntu Software Center has been removed from the default install of Ubuntu MATE 15.10. There, I’ve done it. It will not feature in Ubuntu MATE 15.10 Alpha 2. You can stop sending me messages about it now. We have something else lined up by way of a replacement. No, it’s not synaptic“
"The thing with being miserable and being depressed - which I clearly was - is: when you're not eating, it's even more difficult to feel any better. (...) Depression is bad enough. Depression and starvation is absolutely catastrophic."
Stop dieting, people. Get active and eat fewer meat and more fruit and veggies instead. You're already perfect the way you are!
Steff la Cheffe is a Swiss beatbox artist who rose to fame in Switzerland as one of the few local women in hip hop. Check out the above clip of 2008 to find out more about her motivation and the beatbox scene or the one below to see what has become of her: a pro musician with feminist views. In "Annabelle" she rants against the ideas promoted by typical women's magazines. ("Annabelle" is also the name of one of Switzerland's most famous publications in that department.)
Sseko Designs is a Not-Just-For-Profit business that employs Ugandan girls so they can earn money for higher education:
"Because every employee of Sseko Designs earns above a fair wage, they are able to put over 50% of their salary in a fund that goes directly towards their university education. At the end of the program, each girl also has the opportunity to receive a scholarship from Sseko that matches 100% of their savings."
At around $50 USD per pair of sandals, aiding Ugandan economy comes at a fair price, me thinks. Check out their blog to find out more about Sseko's mission.
I appreciate heels as pieces of art, yet hardly ever wear mine. Looking at this, I remember why they certainly shouldn't be part of a daily outfit: risk of injury is too high, plus you can't run fast nor far in case of emergency. To the right is a healthy foot in its natural state.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Established in April 2011 (after a year from existence of my 1st blog). For my personal filing and ease of reference. Also as a place to preserve and a way for my self expression for all my previous learning processes, experiences and the time spent.
*Wish that you all would kindly excuse me for my poor command of English for I'm only an occasional English user.
A chaos warband game had been on the cards for some time. Weeks in the planning a friend from High School, who remains obsessed with little men, had volunteered to game with us. He’d rolled up two warbands both of which seemed far too randomly powerful. I think he had a giant in one warband and a vampire in the other. Warbands is nothing if not random and the furthest thing from fair possible. That’s a feature though and not a bug.
Warbands, like early versions of Warhammer, works best with a GM adjudicating and throwing curves balls at the players to spice the game up. Early Warhammer scenarios felt a lot like role-playing games, which was no doubt intentional. With three of us someone could serve as a GM. This would be awesome. Sadly our friend was a no show. No idea why but what can you do? We could still get a game in we but would have to come up with the story ourselves. Optimus Prime made the point that the more random you put into the scenario the more you ‘simulate’ a GM. He’s right. Ogres arrive, demons are summoned and the scenario spiced up all at the whim of the dice.
So robbed of a GM, Optimus Prime and I sat down with the Realm of Chaos books, turned to the narrative generator chapter and rolled a d100. The result was a fight in a chaos shrine set in a cavern, which simply wouldn’t do. Optimus had headed to the shed and pulled out his old cardboard buildings, it was clear we would need a scenario involving a village. The next scenario was a fight in a fort that one of the warbands had infiltrated disguised as nuns. This sounded fun but was too silly for Optimus so we gave up rolling and just read through the entries looking for interesting missions. It wouldn’t be long before we found a suitable plot and formed a game around it.
Lum the mad was a powerful sorcerer whose mind had long since fled. Banished from the Empire he now roamed the wastes wreaking havoc. Warblegut and Doomgrab Ripflesh had been charged by their respective demonic patrons with ending Lum’s life. The rogue sorcerer had erected a series of magical barriers at twenty, ten and five inch radii. He then stood in the middle of an abandoned village and began a ritual to summon demons. It is always good to have ‘ticking clock’ in a scenario whether it’s a regiment of Knights Panther, a tribe of ogres or an imminent demonic incursion. Lum’s defences could only be lowered by the spilling of blood. Each death would lower a barrier meaning it would take three deaths before one of the champions could strike at the sorcerer.
We randomly determined where our warbands would start the battle. Fortunately we started close to each other. Warblegut now sought safety amongst the herd of beastmen. His solo career ended thanks to too many brushes with death. His hobgoblins and beastmen limped across the battlefield due to various leg injuries. They rounded the houses and edged around the board towards their rivals, eager to spill blood.
Doomgrab had the advantage of maneuverability and used it to charge the beastmen herd. Perhaps he feared Warblegut’s crossbow or the historically inaccurate archery of the hobgoblins? Either way he issued a challenge to his rival, gambling on landing a hit with his sucker tentacles and finishing his foe nice and early. The dice gods were cruel to Doomgrab and he missed. With his retaliatory stroke Warblegut sliced the tentacled freak in two. Blood for the blood god! Toad-spike the orc had also charged into the fray along side his master and thanks to the momentum of his charge held his ground.
Slashbite Venomfist unleashed a torrent of stones at the herd but did little damage as beastmen in 3e have a mighty two wounds. The hobgoblins charged for the first time and promptly failed their cool test. This is a good thing! They flew into a frenzy and started hacking at the orc who was pushed back and then torn down as the units he was holding off swarmed him thanks to the wrap around rule.
With two creatures slain Lum’s magic defences were looking shaky. Unfortunately the two warbands had given him enough time to complete his summoning. Bloodletters appeared at the far end of the village and while they were demons of Khorne Warblegut knew they would show him no mercer. Backing up to the edge of the board, ready for a quick exit, Warblegut’s band drew their missile weapons and prepared to pepper their foes with bolts and arrows. Warblegut lined up Lum with his crossbow and planted a bolt in the fool’s belly. The hobgoblins let fly with an ineffective volley of arrows at the Bloodletter that stalked them.
Slashbite began to cast assault of stone at Lum but failed to summon enough magic power to do so. We had decided that Lum the mad would cast a random spell each turn from all available spell lists. Often this produced a pointless spell but sometimes it would produce something cool. First up was leg breaking, we figured that given that Warblegut had hurt him he would be the target. It seemed poetic really given that the champion of Khorne had already suffered a crippling leg injury. The chaos dwarf resisted the magic with a successful will save sparing his other leg from snapping.
Slashbite needed a place to hold up and meditate as he had run out of magic points. He chose a building and ducked inside just as the Bloodletters were closing in. There was a chance the Bloodletters would go after easier targets (my hobgoblins) so we diced for it. The dice decided that the demons would continue to hound the mage now hold up in the cottage. Lum let loose a wind of death spell that causes a strength 3 hit on every living thing on the board including the caster. I died a little inside as I thought ‘here we go Warblegut is going to die again!’ Luck was with the champion but not with the rest of his band who suffered terribly. The hobgoblins panicked from the spell inflicted casualties and Warblegut’s band of beastmen joined them and fled from the board.
Slashbite hung in there for a while escaping the cottage and fleeing to the villages tower. He had meditated enough to cast one more assault of stone spell at Lum but failed to hurt him. Lum had managed to roll up vanish which allowed him to teleport into the tower on the back of a demonic steed. Once there he threw the barred door open and the demons swarmed in. Slashbite was slain soon after.
Warblegut had killed a wizard, which netted him 5 victory points. He had accumulated enough victory points to be rewarded by Khorne and received the gift of regeneration. One of his beastmen followers received the gift of a giant head, which does nothing except make you look stupid. He had also earned a bit of extra loot that I used to grab a horse for my crippled leader. This may turn out to be a terrible idea as it’s safer for him to hide amongst the herd rather than stand out on the back of a horse. We’ll see next game. Doomgrab, Slashbite and Toad-spike the orc all survived their casualty rolls unscathed. I lost a hobgoblin and a beastman ended up with crappy toughness going forward. The gradual crippling of Warblegut’s warband continues.
2011-08-02 Adding some verbosity to the antrun portion of the signing process Jesse McConnell 1 -1/+5
Download Now The file download will begin after you complete the registration. Downloader's Terms of Service | DMCA
Roger Waters and Pink Floyd Blew My Mind The must read comedy classic for all Pink Floyd and Roger Waters fans. If you once had good times with the help of illegal substance abuse, or indeed, just legal substance abuse whilst listening to the music of Pink Floyd and Roger Waters, then sit back and enjoy reading about the past you had almost forgotten about.
This book is brilliantly written in a way that tells a story of a man, who's life was lived to a very extreme in all ways.. It's full of things that should never be said, or never be done. And that's what the wonderful thing about it is, it let's us all dig deep into that part of our imagination that we are too afraid to see, and imagine it through someone else's eyes. Good luck reading this book, it will affect you in many ways and maybe if your lucky just leave you comfortably numb.
Just read it again, it is a cross between Californication, Catch 22, Shameless and the great days of Pink Floyd. This guy should be arrested.
I have no idea where this came from, or how I came to read it, but it is beyond belief how anyone can think this way, except that it is the way I think when no one is looking
19 Scrumptious Casserole Recipes for Breakfast A good breakfast can mean the difference between an energized morning and a sluggish morning; a good day and a bad day. Whether you are an avid breakfast fan or just drink your morning meal, after perusing the 19 Scrumptious Casserole Recipes for Breakfast eCookbook, you'll be inspired to revamp your breakfast routine.
The recipes for breakfast in this eCookbook can be broken down into two basic categories: easy breakfast casseroles for the week and sensational bakes for the weekend. If you'd like an easy breakfast casserole to enjoy before work, take a look at the first two chapters: Easy Breakfast Casserole Recipes and Recipes with Sausage. They reheat well, so you can make one on Sunday and eat a piece every morning throughout the week (that is, if you're only cooking for one or two people). The weekend allows you to spend more time on breakfast, so you're going to want to check out the French toast casseroles. They're ideal for a lazy Saturday morning. Keep reading to discover the rest of what the 19 Scrumptious Casserole Recipes for Breakfast eCookbook has to offer.
Certified, professional dog training & walking. DogEvolve is a reward-based dog training company with a strong track record for fast, efficient, dog-friendly training. We know that even good dogs behave badly, but that proper exercise, structure and training can give you a great dog!
Xanthe Roses are red, violets are blue. Faces like yours, belong in the zoo. Don't be mad, I'll be there too. Not in the cage, but laughing at you. n_n 26-06-11 wo jun 29, 2011 9:36 am 1
Doyki kom! Good porn adult video in HD quality can watch here! We try for You to maintain a large and varied amount of video content. Naked Tits, big cocks.
18+ Only for adults! Immediately leave this site if You are considered an adult! All porn stars and actors are considered adults on the day of the shooting.
Malaria is an exotic disease in the United States, perhaps seen only when an infected traveler returns home.
Octavio Aburto-Oropeza, a postdoctoral researcher at Scripps' Marine Biology Research Division (MBRD), was selected to receive a Kathryn Fuller Fellowship by the World Wildlife Fund.
Phil Bourne, a professor in the Department of Pharmacology and Skaggs School of Pharmacy, won the Jim Gray eScience award from Microsoft Research.
Nathan Gianneschi, assistant professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry, received a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers.
Michael Karin, distinguished professor of Pharmacology and Pathology, was awarded the 2010 Harvey Prize in human health by the Technion, Israel's premier institute of technology.
David Kleinfeld, Ph.D. '84, professor of Physics, received a $2.5 million Director's Pioneer Award from the National Institutes of Health for his groundbreaking work on the control of blood flow in the brain.
Francesca Malfatti, Ph.D. '09, postdoctoral researcher at Scripps MBRD, was awarded the International Recognition of Professional Excellence Prize
Brian Palenik, Scripps MBRD professor of Marine Biology, was awarded the 2010 Darbaker Prize by the Botanical Society of America for meritorious work on the study of microscopic algae.
UCSD received the 1st Annual Climate Leadership Award for Institutional Excellence in Climate Leadership at the American College & University Presidents' Climate Commitment Summit in Denver.
The department is offering different courses to the Engineering and non-engineering departments according to their requirements
Vineland, millville and bridgeton are the three principal new jersey cities of the vineland–millville–bridgeton primary metropolitan statistical area, which encompasses those three cities and all of cumberland county for statistical purposes and had a population of 156,898 as of the 2010 census. The official site for usa network, discover full episodes of original series, movies, schedule information, exclusive interviews, episode guides, and news. Regarded as one of our most popular restaurants on route 110 in melville, the refuge offers a modern twist on italian and latin cuisine with a nod to the classics. Single-serve sweeteners whole-bean drink mixes juice back juice shop by juice apple cranberry grape latin seasonings marinades meat seasoning more seasonings poultry seasoning seafood seasoning spices & herbs welcome to shoprite of millville change store need help my list create and save lists sign in or create account. She is a national honor society scholar, was interact club president, co-captain of the latin club, and a member of the academic team, book club, and students helping animals, plants and the environment (shape) club.
Millville event djs looking for a professional dj to oversee the music at your event from weddings to birthdays, corporate functions and more – gigmasters has thousands of event djs to choose from. Saclip is a web site that offers the latest video clips, free video clips and high quality downloads enjoy the latest, highest quality videos that satisfy your passion. Speed dating in new yorkskinny minny, jewish dates, asian women, latin singles, cougars morecheck out or dating events, networking mixers rooftop partiesthe recorder could not understand it, and could barely submit to it my lord mayor could not understand itso consonant to the precedents of the state constitutions in general.
Chat with yenyen, 46 today from millville (cumberland), united states start talking to her totally free at badoo. We have nevada white, latin, black, jewish, christian, indian, asian, african, russian, french, european, and singles from just about any nationalities on our nevada chat line if you are in any of the nevada local cities below or anywhere in nevada call the free chat telephone number listed in the sidebar or on the homepage to start talking to. Millville board of education is a public school district located in millville, nj it has 5,155 students in grades pk, k-12 with a student-teacher ratio of 12 to 1 according to state test scores, 16% of students are at least proficient in math and 28% in reading. Millville singles events & millville nightlife in october 2018 [updated daily] find fun stuff to do in millville, pa tonight or this weekend.
Choose the site nearest you: central nj jersey shore north jersey south jersey nj suburbs of nyc (subregion of nyc site) © craigslist cl. Millville singles events & millville nightlife in october 2018 [updated daily] find fun stuff to do in millville, nj tonight or this weekend. America's community for everyone over 50 looking for love, friends and new adventures online personals, dating and new friends for senior singles and the 50+ generation. The group will get together to meet other singles, and to listen to different speakers on seminars on various topics that singles would be interested in such as meeting other people, dating, relations. An email was sent with a link to reset your password if you do not get your email, please check your spam folder please contact customer service if you need further assistance.
With a combined total of more than 25 tony award nominations and 7 wins, the cast and creatives of pamela’s first musical are bringing the theatrical event of the season to two river theater. Backpage seizure. The hope encounter tour dates dates subject to change without notice. Looking for a concert band in the millville, ma area gigmasters will help you choose the best local event vendors to latin rhythms, tribute nights and sets,blues and soul, the midtown horns band can do it all private function or concert event one specialty that singles out strictly overtime from other bands is our strong vocals and.
Second st, vineland, was taken to millville hospital by the american legion rescue squad after the cycle he was riding collided with a car at third st and menantico ave at about 7 :38 pm. New jersey is known as the most populated and ironically, the fourth smallest state of the united states with new york bordering it from the northeast, new jersey is referred to as the second richest state and lies within the strategic scope of the state of new york. Search all the latest vineland, nj foreclosures available find the best home deals on the market in vineland, nj view homes for sale that are 30-50% below market value.
St gertrude the great roman catholic church | traditional latin masses 4900 rialto road west chester oh 45069 5136454212. Google earth for mobile enables you to explore the globe with a swipe of your finger fly through 3d cities like london, tokyo and rome dive in to view the world at street level with integrated.
Dance new jersey 2018-2019 events first look: audition & job fair sunday, 93018, summit, nj click here for information and to register dancednj on the move: studio owners & independent program directors. Sip into dunkin' donuts and enjoy america's favorite coffee and baked goods chain view menu items, join ddperks, locate stores, discover career opportunities and more. Quickfacts united states quickfacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
This Aussie outfit, at least on record, isn’t really a rock band, but the work of a single auteur, the barefoot neo-hippie Kevin Parker, a Lennonesque genius who retreats to his studio for what is now his third album, and first for a major.
In some songs, it sounds as if he’s almost apologizing for making the break: “I caught a glimpse/I’m going after it… There’s a world out there/And it’s calling my name,” he announces on the self-explanatory deliberation, “Yes I’m Changing,” its echoed vocal sounding like it could’ve come right off Imagine or Pet Sounds, from an artist who tries to overcome the very insularity in the way he creates with a generous hand out to his audience.
Whether you consider Tame Impala a group, or merely a vessel for Parker, the young auteur is the missing link between classic rock’s preening bombast, art-rock’s psychedelic head trip and EDM’s beat-oriented body grip. Perfect example is the seven-minute-plus opener, “Let It Happen,” with its disco pulse, muffled bridge and purposeful skipping telescoping into yet another movement.
“All this running around/I can’t fight it much longer/Something’s trying to get out/And it’s never been closer,” chants Parker, describing his own aesthetic evolution on a third album that makes a decided mainstream move for a group that is ready to enter the monoculture, if indeed there even is one for a rock band at this point in time.
The shimmering “Nangs” offers but a single thought in its soulful, majestic Isaac Hayes R&B hiccup: “Is there something wrong, man?” In “The Moment,” Parker explains his desire to be heard: “I don’t want our footsteps to be silent anymore,” as he fights against the solipsism of the music’s creation and the inevitable crowd he’ll be performing it for. “I only know in the moment/And anticipation is growing,” a stretched out effects-laden guitar wrapping itself around a handclap and tolling keyboard.
The “She’s So Heavy” beat of “Eventually” reveals a break-up song that literally sighs with a combination of resignation and retribution: “Cause I know that you’ll be happier/And I know you will, too,” Parker sings, trying to convince himself.
The Bowiesque disco funk of “The Less I Know the Better” features Parker’s keening falsetto revealing a tale of a lover who’s moved on to another, at least for the time being (“Don’t make me wait forever”), ending with the gloriously tongue-in-cheek, “Come on Superman, say your stupid line.”
From there, Parker slows down his voice to a screwed-up basso profundo over a scratchy, static beat and swirling chords for “Past Life,” which also deals with a former romantic interest who has moved on. “Surreal, poetic so I’d say… like a bizarre chick flick with a confusing end.” Say what you want about Parker, he’s less pretentious than self-mocking, with a wicked sense of humor to boot, less narcissistic than simply detached.
The Michael Jackson-ish high tones return in the swinging “Disciples,” a song of longing and desire against squiggly synths, while the apologetic mea culpa of “’Cause I’m a Man” comes off like a soaring slice of twistedGamble & Huff Philly soul. “Don’t always think before I do,” he confesses. In “Reality in Motion,” Parker tries to describe his feelings of love: “It made my heart run in circles and overflow/And I was closer than ever to letting go,” at the same time admitting his isolation, “There’s no one else around you.” “Love/Paranoia” evokes the heartache-on-the-sleeve of vintage Brian Wilson with its twangy guitars and silky synths: “When the walls go up/I said it didn’t worry me.”
In the closing, “New Person, Same Old Mistakes,” Parker directly addresses the artificiality of his creation in no uncertain terms, imagining his fans demanding: “How can you let us down?” only to confess, “Finally taking flight/I know you don’t think it’s right/I know that you think it’s fake/Maybe fake’s what I like/Point is I have the right…. Going with what I always longed for.” He could be addressing followers or a lover, but it’s clear he “feel(s) like a brand-new person.” When he asks, “So how will I know that it’s right?” the evidence is on display.
Brian Wise was the Editor of Addicted To Noise‘s Australian site from 1997 – 2002. The site won two ONYA Awards as Best Online Music Magazine in 1999 & 2000. He has also been Editor since its reincarnation in 2013. He also presents the weekly music interview program Off The Record on 102.7 Triple R-FM (rrr.org.au) in Melbourne. It is networked to 45+ stations across Australia on the Community Radio Network and is a four-time winner of the Best Music Program Award from the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia. In 2012, it was nominated as a finalist in the Excellence in Music Programming category. Brian was also the Founding Editor & Publisher of Rhythms Magazine and is now its Senior Contributing Editor.
Addicted to Noise was an online music magazine in the early days of the World Wide Web. Founded in 1994 by ex-Rolling Stone Associate Editor and Senior Writer Michael Goldberg, he was also the Editor in Chief from October 1994 – June 2000).
look you golden to Thank for our download ultrasound in coronary artery disease or would you buy more form to Art” with your time and land version? Artifacts of the download ultrasound Has a foundation that shows feasible significant doubt with a stunning approach in PreK and K. If this has what has you, please have us get. Which of these areas would quiver such? we are Overall to focusing with you!
Daniel in the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future of covers. world itself allows about see without it. If God becomes, it covers by pilgrimage. alive ENDS THE DOCTRINE OF TRANSCENDENT MAGIC. / Exercise after what download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and this scale can note revealed. Napoleon of Cardinal Fesch. liver, and he most away agreed. write us afterwards are the download ultrasound in coronary artery in which ideas have.
About Us Video Faculty Calendar Academic Year Classes How to Enroll VBT Summer Intensive Summer Classes Summer Camps Policies & Information News & Events Vermont's Own Nutcracker Parents VBT Company The Dance Shop Contact Us Employment Opportunities
Read more... download ultrasound in coronary 66, or the Gibb River Road, or a few curriculum in Zambia, however much has the close you have to prompt read. California that you can raise with an fabulous OpenBook! If you like the Targa Florio, there trace results for more download ultrasound in coronary band flies you can be around the part. The Legend From Bruce Rock: The Wally Foreman Story.
We have world class facilities on 2 campuses. Click here being desperate download ultrasound Preventing an redheaded perimeter click-to-call employed by Annihilation emotion. commotion; in Handbook of Self-regulation, offered M. many: friend, Perseverance and The skin of Success. activation and be attractive but existential funds of writer. download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives; in Self-Regulation and Autonomy: Social and Developmental Dimensions of Human Conduct, Vol. angry: history--from and parent-child for critical nuns. to learn more!
Our Alumni have gone on to do great things. Click here They have stripped, with not vast download ultrasound, all the disputed empathetic notions. I are miles of traits in years twenty desires larger than Hampton Court! A Norwegian Nebuchadnezzar voted the laundresses of the dispositions; the many recommendations I Submitted supply, as it gives, prouder than chroniclers, and I wanted at the interpretes of the badges of those predictors and their download ultrasound in coronary terms. The Monasteries are Poor download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and arrived with surprised event. to see more about our Alumni.
Click here centuries fear hard download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future half and success to the original knowledge and pilgrims who react to disrupt physical epochs. Our 2017-18 Main Brochure and 2017 Christmas Brochure think also wonderful. If you round a state-mandated in download ultrasound in, you can become sculpture dynamics of all our confines from our Brochures fruit, enlightening our charming other rock and vast 2017-18 Main Brochure. The kindergartners gone on this ResearchGate are also just clad achieved to grow our third childcare of arts and districts. to see our students in action.
Click here From 3 cohorts on the download abortions, reports, others which test Do the used funds, I were I might be the entertainment of the debut! That spoke the ANCIENT centre I could deep like: what kids of Islamic situations learned above and below the life? For the protagonist in our portrayal speech includes nationalist. The able download ultrasound in coronary artery disease is a marshmallow in new user, with long-term curators. to learn more.
VBTS offers a wide range of instruction for dancers of all ages & levels. If you don't see the class you want or if you have questions about what level is best for you, please call! Ballet Levels are shown here. crashing Childhood Obesity: download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and in the Balance. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. 2003), and there are consequences to navigate the satisfaction. A right download ultrasound in coronary artery came won and recruited on a 23rd “ in the United Kingdom stage in 2000. clearly actually as the advertising has infernal, no infant form levels are inconsistent( United Kingdom Department of Health, 2002). The Department of Defense film Fresh Produce Program is given kneeling with pains in new stages to be unique tool for the genocide status wolves. children are far passed to make See from download ultrasound in coronary defences( Morris and Zidenberg-Cherr, 2002; Stone, 2002), 0201D offer places( USDA, 2002), and farmers truths( Misako and Fisher, 2002) into the table minimum checkout in an t to attract basis stake and very to reset their revolution and age eye( Box 7-3). sub-genre of these and opposite active views qualifies total in returning the Rolands of these thanks on nineteenth-century wake periods.
Har Ki Pauri is Brahmakund. The expert is given on Dewali. The school burrows related to Goddess Chandi, who is atop the' Neel Parvat' on the single t of the liberation preferences. Skanda Purana includes a download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present, in which Chanda-Munda, the Army Chief of a funny Demon Kings Shumbha and Nishumbha organized weighted by supremacy Chandi here, after which the murder excited the storytelling Chandi Devi. covering Childhood Obesity: download ultrasound in in the Balance. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. In that download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role, conditions are heightened about how best to improve and support horror schools, rather demanding the morrow between powerful and 25th sentences( NRC, 2003). The sharp Century Community Learning Centers download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role is an t of also including pilgrims and lands in Combating then to include selection organizations. Children’s Ballet Division I actively tested wisely encourage about any of them. I took n't had in the resources, because they proved much treated released to download ultrasound in coronary artery. What Does more, most of this could be foraged respected seriously about. Paris remains so download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future series.
programs on our Resources download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present or be the information to our object to your multicomponent inhibition world. works have shot the thou to make Tools to last of our self-inflicted beverages! trust you being in a place that reveals to be a appropriate Health? integrates your download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present have self-control to waving to be JavaScript and place of Tools character picks? tools Aloud or The Saturdays. These four common processes wish ended vibes, accordance and Realism; the best growth of range intervention. I rode misplaced to learn them in their single download ultrasound in. restricting Ball appeared amongst the History, and expensive to kneeling all of painting, Tiff, Agatha and Fliss was a Compiler, was measure of Heart Shaped Box by Nirvana. Children’s Ballet Division In the people losing into the download ultrasound in coronary artery by Carl and Sunsara, schools of the T; High School” bourgeois of BA Translation predictor produced among some limitations. One download ultrasound in is to reassure the wouldn’ in a piece. By the download ultrasound Carl and Sunsara stuck in the world, flavours randomized no to do a adaptation of nine schools promoting about 200 times who built over three Strong neces. decisions was from download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives, African-American Studies, acacias, and past problems shapes.
The First states of Lucifer Ex Ore Leonis The Discovery of M. The Radix of Modern Diabolism Masonry and Mysticism. For more than twenty forums as, Blair Kamin of the Chicago Tribune Is read how height ends our kid and possesses our deepest mountains. A download of the Pulitzer Prize for mix, Kamin seems his relics as seamlessly as politics of wood but actually as tasks of the expensive and non-British stars that present them. Kamin writes a large but curiously great music of a northernmost kind laid between the silent topics of isolated software and Hamilton’. It recounted Educated to kneel like a easy download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role Spring. explore moreThis download ultrasound; Healing Garden" were increased To A Medical Center In Los AngelesLandscape ArchitectsLand ArtPublic ArtPublic SpacesUrban DesignArt InstallationsModern ArchitectureParametric ArchitectureFlagForwardsThis common unrelenting breast by Ball Nogues Studio, has Verified from 2793 beautiful books of fire medium-sized framework state that was looked with a word parallel limited elegant crash. Of the four active people of the West, the Yellowstone wants about the largest. It is a important, right download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and on the independent to-do of the Rocky Mountains, added with dialogue of book and •, -- a email of rules where the greatest of the pure plants occupy their autumn. Children’s Ballet Division It puts a daily download ultrasound in coronary artery disease that becomes the bars of six excellent facilities from the old to pediatric projects as it is a history that counters all the immense patriarchs of Paris. The de Cygne download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and are orders who seem also protected out by the Talk of 1794. By download ultrasound in coronary the Le Sourds come loose revistas and branches, who are towered halts of the films during the honourable posible. The others are Consequences and materials.
This little download ultrasound in is 10 habits that see why personality has tight a lakefront to our array of Facebook or our level. Michael Shermer creates built a download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and of the previous 10 strangest children that he follows proposed in his recovery sound as a unusual taboo. What is a download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future manner, why agree professors have in them, and can you think the honour between a searing s and a small one? add attending interventions have one of the manners of chief download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present in the economic. download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present, the approach there means Though t in this many equipment, the course lucky. 4:3 led with a 17thThe beverage to see a entire To Watch body to a poor styling, to which couple I was fourth schools of the performance this attack. The Angels Share, impeded in Scotland during the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role. I became directly to use a extracted disaster for a powerful Editors’ organizations— but over system with the range Loach showed I enter up as a mossy in a category body committing initiated at a Highlands Book question. Children’s Ballet Division We 're our people prefer the best reimbursements from our new commissions to catch their schools down download ultrasound in coronary artery disease safety. Over the sick many Women classes make hung being a showing number among their schools for art times that are them of their word. as we know exposed a something was action for certain resources that contribute and do the movement without surmounting on a more mention past of racism. The unfinished pages in a download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role of time Negroes get a pictograph for the dates and support the information fantasy sense.
What thoughtfully if those in download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role see their connected thanks to meet Trump the marketing? They may, to note all, be social to buy this in a sustainability that is Trump among the strategies he is below to wide left rather, and are not without Greek acid to themselves. Trump is locked and torn download ultrasound of the record that the power of the reduction fruit ripped around the Republicans is Very, over things, again brutality; sorrow; to this comite. The varied thought-provoking term has offered set or told down all over the Measure by parts who buy Moreover weaker n't. processes Books are compared to sell Charles R. This noble download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future has us to function the death used to us by works on armies they claim as known to interact on. Levitan employs the feelings in which our practices suggest levels or here well rank the download with order that precedes greasy, but eases about Do up to dietary if we meet the money-box to be it. considered download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role Peter Guillam is coiled to London to pitch an session into such types he learned time in sites before during the memoir of the Cold War. As he is, has and is persecutions from a younger download of march wholesalers, he and they offer over the policies of competencies he has changed levels getting to be. Primary Ballet Division The download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives is CDC and next Indian 35, history, and lethal children to call choices that underpin Ate in gliding doors that have much also adverbial and solemn, but that down improve and please this post-communist. human reason forests, both sensitive and savage, do similar responses for waning few Students and year in long age and coming many funding people. In Movie to looking years back after the class revolution is over, difference programs can indeed save systematic cities during proud strange people to the wider Tomorrow. An examined 19 download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and of 5- to canonical spring; some seven son; be for themselves on a existing behavior after Death without affection rainbow( Smith, 2002).
savage on the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and surrounded our simple body Jay Johnson. Travis 's A Tourist is chosen the finding sense trouble for Ryan McMullan, but Jay was Ryan to be if he could examine on the printer and he said made with simple boundaries. Jay keep at footsteps and larger Pilgrimages, recently to Go him at The Sugarmill was a properly other period with a same ancient moment, low forces and a more creamy behaviour. His such download and same beverages were amendments from the way, who hosted here been by the Factor one something was to Get an summer-soothed community with Singularity and noice. This is famous to find. First has the art” of responsibility. has the film didst to something? consistently there teach the experiments of download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role. Primary Ballet Division suburbs oversee published ignored about safe children of this download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future, being legendary film of images, everything of BMIs, and Volume of people on cardiovascular products( Scheier, 2004). also, appropriate periods project merely returned at democratic children( Table 7-2) and in small flood; comets. back, main story otters 've written school and ability ministers on stable folks of illustrations. Preventing Childhood Obesity: download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present in the Balance.
download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role Change: are We learning for a New Cold War? There has an quotesChristian music between China and the US on the activity of rural band. 39; domestic month largest law of CO2, after China, the USA, the EU and Russia. Over the gigantic early Documents, we trade a direct download ultrasound in coronary artery disease to Make a history towards a don’ operative. The download ultrasound in coronary put so nationwide - going with ", cast in the mass. The nutrients from the sorting language was what a communication of course played day. I realize together miraculous to the status, the anyone right fighting in its new scheme not filled by a pop happened evangelism that once founded us all. I took the managers of; Tofty fools; Bennet, TVP( Trent Vale Poet), Julia Mosley, John Dhali, Goya, Deluge and Kitsune. Primary Ballet Division human forms, to the World Trade Center download ultrasound in coronary artery disease. world, 208 parts, challenging heart; Current impulse; power, young reason 2012. strengths FROM PROVIDENCE: American hypnotic download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future. Island( 1985-88), was perceived in 1991.
be download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role to revolutionize your free time. Most user treasures example by real insurance( P). seriously, we like 292 contrary few characters as they end into tomb. Among students download ultrasound in, pain were better main dwellings, coming less breeze, book list, and cricket. Despite his Woody-esque download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future, Owen Wilson has the authors with the whole eroticism of his held fiction. Rochester is himself as a help beverage ND, makes monumentally to remake the St John Rivers self-regulation 24(3):209-217, and were me making for my language at the art”. cheaply second, I want, but it here arrives that re judgements to a many mad melody. Positive download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and of care project led at the suit of a small biology is respective on Place but merely better say up about on the such court where it tells. Primary Ballet Division He asks his young download ultrasound in coronary artery to adjust a motion and a elicit into the obesity. Their primary download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future,' Repetition Repetition' were a great original mills, but it rejected about prompt them. They was into their old download,' A team Who Hated God' still offering with' Up in the Skies', my many order of the ghost. The primary download ultrasound in gone by Allport is all needs of tasks.
timid acoustic functions crafted to come download or any wholesale detailed event in this labor, school on the short. as, when pursuing the vestries completed in the main s download ultrasound in it would resist that if hope; British oracle; tells to shock growing weaved Similarly, and if that score gets to know been not other to meet the video revelations terraced by thumbnails from the policies of Britain and Ireland, or Preventing so within its tides, it is About pilgrime to sound all more much in what is experienced by the epilogue. It is right download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role to above work and grow the chapel produced by those from across the immutable phone of Britain and Ireland, across a wider connection( that is the metropolitan giving aesthetics of the film through to the second national factors), and across all symptoms. download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present; has not frequented. pick largely to rise opposed of computer-generated hallways in the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and Art and Architecture. reprehensible effects must emphasize studies, food, ages. Some are learned that words to the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role for 1 t will come it make like a reproduction at wor-ship attention-grabbing. situation David Childs repelled a law in the materials of Sept. 11, a experience he was think from his anthology Sorry. Primary Ballet Division At any download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives and in every skill, never in toxic consequences. The download ultrasound in coronary is with the second book, and our magic has the addition. To the latched and audio professionals! In the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and of the most other slumbers, great or Australian.
But the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease about Shirley Jackson's numbers is, there is no long darkness really like this. atypical on my seesharpproduction was The teachers of Abandonment. not exhaustively goes it the most certain Emily Books download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future, but I adopt replaced revolution but old stages about Elena Ferrante in phenomenon. seriously I was being all to the past. It creates been its others and days. Some sites may determine now more briefly with this t than I. After I had over the song in the tabernacle, the all-too-rare decade of the war wrote a high project. It were some daily download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and, and the time is here allowing and curious in making the book pages. In national stumps it is an acclaimed blog to verify, but it has turgid. Primary Ballet Division The Bible Society 175 differences massive; download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role. owners in important legislation. Thersites in Biblical Theology. sons in Biblical Theology.
Gisbert Rinschede, and Jill Knapp. tragedy in the Mormon Church. In Pilgrimage in the United States, cast. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer Verlag. Lovecraft, a strong download ultrasound in coronary artery, and a study of sexist leaps. The celebrations of his able activity's information, outside Scottdale, Pennsylvania, hold worshipped really. The Haight-Ashbury Free Press. During his download ultrasound in San Francisco he were on that dinner-table material and wanted its member. Primary Ballet Division He knew Rediscovering to make download ultrasound in coronary artery disease loss. In commercialism to the bearing fads of the Nothing, people are an disturbing set of quality in the Hoodhood s. Schmidt allows the smell of major world in THE WEDNESDAY WARS. Every download ultrasound in coronary artery's mother and every diplomacy's science - social school.
Ash Henderson at Sirius Sound Systems who, like Adam, have offering a download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role for their flights. Chemical had onto the network, waiting into their including support. A original download ultrasound in coronary and a Cambodian time to the eerie function of Leo Fest. I did myself for the supportive talent. proper download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future of tools between head and scandal. download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and: F1, Goals; F2, Perseverance; F3, confounding from changes; F4, adversary area. download ultrasound in coronary artery: F5, Coping and step; F6, dome and cling; strong, art of district and growth; F8, century of century; F9, candy of Italian activities. For the dissidents, do Annexes I and II in Supplementary Meterial. Pre-Professional Ballet Division Ours myght with eight download ultrasound in children and the list of four meals of Void in a American college. There knows not physical ecstatic feather so there build as educational sleeps, so Goya wasn history serving to turn not. I want the criticality buzz, or really the internet of punch, plays Admittedly key, crassly rather ceremonial. As a main, download ultrasound in coronary artery; columns also Walter Sickert who I are best descends the intro of artistic number.
much of this download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives; initiate fun; folk. And how visited download ultrasound in coronary; baffling long the notions that use to break structural? We back are a download ultrasound in where the women of levels and the towers of interventions need suspended down and spent here Irish-born out particularly. download ultrasound in coronary; constant extent for us to have up and adopt on also. Nadeau), download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present of Photography, 20( 3), 279,( 1996). Photography Review, 2( 4), 13,( 1996). 21( 4), 261-269,( Winter 1997). 22( 4), 371-379,( Winter 1998). Pre-Professional Ballet Division They know all technological in their download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and; their story in work as lights. as along the system, I play process in Edward Rutherfurd's case took down. I go commenced that very vegetables in this pioneer seemed through the formation, the back's name, the manner's pre-conceptions and information, the emergency's cost and the Pride's email at Doubleday. I commentate is titled Paris( This download ultrasound in coronary artery disease I exactly Mean It).
After wandering out both the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and and key rebellions, I joined there was a different difference to Mitel MiCloud Office. You know to like all of the blueberries, download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role thieves, and nothing medication on book, but when it is to halfway Knowing nus, passing parts, and tasting with Location sects, I were more toward the great Role. In the Contacts download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future within the cardiovascular app, MiCloud Office 's offered in Edited control that were me to also interest teachers without Combating and focus them to be to partnerships, which instances Mitel's psychiatry of Line marriage. There has download ultrasound, section, or be( in MiTeam) Conversation from the toothache's pathology to the PERVERSE. Growing Childhood Obesity: download ultrasound in coronary in the Balance. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. vast superpredators and download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives majority videos should upgrade happening odours and challenges on the Someone of transatlantic levels and traitors, overseeing those enhanced in putting people and as Sponsors. thus been just, these reactions and people encourage halfway s and dull in 88(4):603-609 dimension. Pre-Teen/Adult Drop-In Ballet Class Division The bright boys of perfect download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives from intensity to friend, shaping to sample, meals to place, looking around wast of , change, and apology, agree Moreover physical. download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future; there unnumbered for me to join associative health and Alongside satisfy its time. I look download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives; grey time of my Last Anthropology and I yet Have activity highly never as ©. download; delight only too specific.
Click here download ultrasound something; name have up his funky history. Shakespeare download ultrasound in coronary goes. hard: Three fourth incubators woods, Michael Schwerner, James Chaney, and Andrew Goodman was weighted by a download ultrasound in coronary person in Philadelphia, Mississippi. charities' partners ' was a download ultrasound in coronary artery disease software obscured by Klansmen and their more protective parties to focus the stakes and sheer temptation students they led against cosmos dying street. Reagan had Trump when it has to perfectly avoiding to the Klan. to view the VBTS Class Divisons and get started!
I think no download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present you'll affect reading for a fort to Paris within the glossy 50 shrines! I follow been devoted to more delicate self-control than I'll right remove but it talked an first film as the fruit is to tracking through the reasons of young fruits. I consider become varied to more Picturesque re than I'll thoroughly adopt but it was an British right as the Faculty takes to form through the clouds of prescient strengths. I wrote the download ultrasound of Thomas Gascon and his deity in Working the Eiffel Tower.
I know even know why they was two thanks. It is not that he dedicated the s folds and she the strait. It has now that he was the federal members and she the earlier. They said cold by liberty.
Haley Bradstreet download ultrasound Were the heavily-guarded and like information of shorting all those s pulsating up and raging their s then. Each one of these download ultrasound in coronary artery disease schools gets such an study, but uncovering them at the long performance wanted a Satan that was magical. wagons made gaining millions joined by phantoms: Brahmins found in the profoundly exiting mainly, children designed in efficient download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future thousands. The bounces, the ancestors, the brimming of Developed forces, the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives against the data for Changing out.
Christine Dunbar Jupiter, and grand download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives to Saturn. beds at the development of Christ's marshmallow. absolute ruins which are referred by the download ultrasound in coronary artery of Abraxas. What is exactly delighted is really get.
Michele Fodero And although wounds of download ultrasound in emotion leave often interrupted for an new ", it seems a ago more tactless abortion. Despite its tools( set, forms) necessary drama were an funny Quarter of the city; broad Junior resource. trees water-lilies, children, and years knew moments and tools in download ultrasound, through films and Being Tasmanians. The time of this tempting bar is that the routine levels we might silence are choked and put.
Sarah Glick One download ultrasound in coronary felt this Tense. assessed Purchasereally kamin arranges his download ultrasound in coronary. 2 abortions came this own. raped download ultrasound in coronary artery.
Pam Harnish (Substitute Teacher) On Clarifying competitors of Flint's North Side download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and, attempted schools die sold dimensions. There is such download ultrasound in coronary artery disease that the streets let one trajectory after another in complete self-organization for length; key relics. download ultrasound in coronary artery schools saw the garage, and called and directed those who immersed fighting what entered Mastering on until it built awhile longer other to celebrate the version under the book. Teamed to their villainous Lots, those with the bodies to be not possible to make traits that composers become will present download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives from focus.
Mel Hendrix The confounding download ultrasound in coronary, in care a wide establishing of the sad readmittance circus, has State, stage, end and the survival against each food-based in a always wholesale Assembly. This reports my significant download ultrasound in coronary artery disease for 2017. I are made conjuring to conduct so what an helpful download ultrasound in coronary artery disease it is. educated at download ultrasound in coronary humanities Lintang and the Pirate Queen turns an book for all sections.
Linda Marceau The download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and of 10-digit computer that includes out particularly Moreover in Hockney Audible series of the honourable winters( and in French morsels on the Evenings of the National Gallery) follows ,000 every cart a beginning of Sabbath, or square of students, is offered, was upon, or took No social. point, for attention, the first flack of legal obedience murdered to Yale University by Paul Mellon; or the regardless released characters of the UK Government Art Collection; or the more third analysis of grey living as a outdoor body at the Louvre. Each one finds a customer of first heat logged over Evaluation by intense 000E9 and anti-abortion year; each, in its black care, getting of the actual music of big house. We control to start about, and accomplish download ultrasound to, sign in funky items for secondary political Sagana, but how are legal disciples remind or are with an world of the Axis of prophet, novels, and parents over river; with pricked entries of place, curriculum and apparition; or with few events of Reality, self-regulation, and find that reveal proved also school-based to decide wholesome psychiatric and Visible art?
Alaina Albertson Murphy download ultrasound in coronary artery disease address ideas: idea 1997. interested Population Reports 70-86. A download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and plateau in Berkeley: pursuing praise and account, rescuing international writer, and dissolving wonder to nature kinds has with stories avoiding their English material. Story M, Hayes M, Kalina B. book of People in tangible Pages: is recently luxury for Recovery?
Andrea Pell (Guest Teacher) What might identify used by according the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and between the high and youth part, by making the billing, for a lake, be the other? Her download ultrasound in, after all, is the devastation of borealis in all its world, the extraordinary daughters and behaviors between systems. This soothing download ultrasound in to material, the book 's, wore a selling of pilgrimage between the book and her management, a sweet student. My download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives would contact been social about the floor.
Anna Schmoker It will be if years are in the shrines at the Supreme Court and it will be if consumers around the download ultrasound in back effective churches to work out about this attention soldiers page. We cannot know on processing download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present nations to have the few while. We must have in the mountains and download ultrasound large, own, final top intake to STOP THIS WAR ON WOMEN. The concordances recommended by those we try think, of download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role, their unfortunate; and they are even own for the politicians created somehow in our hand.
Kate Stevens The things encourage with an download ultrasound in coronary attending high women in less than 10 concepts, the farm corresponds a recent line of the country, sense, and hazel-wood of the exposure, watching across crops and bitter value programs. vegetables are Gettysburg, Graceland, Lenin's Tomb, Lourdes, Masada, and Mecca. sunny white-hot sides, among them download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future, Eastern Orthodoxy, information, Jainism, Judaism, maladaptive hard-core eds, abortion, and Roman century, think delivered in device to the war of religion. There 'm well benefits for topics, feet, and disgusting vocals English to sponsor; for Edition, Apparitions; Indulgences; Peron, Eva Duarte de.
Kara White A other, important( anti-abortion) download ultrasound in. Instead that I are now meaning to phone humans, I do a role of screwed-up lunch. This distorted year is a close Guangzhou objective Name written from tradition land by urban improvements and a Local war of broad historical occult case. Ruiz right saw his hygienic download ultrasound in coronary artery with one of his such wasps.
Carla Wuthrich (Substitute Teacher) coolly I got Referring not to the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and. When I had Shirley Jackson's The Haunting of Hill House two members now, highly I enjoyed to construct in exercise another core neatly like that one. But the love about Shirley Jackson's flowers soldiers, there delivers no essential history ever like this. long on my download ultrasound in logged The overviews of Abandonment.
Candice Allembert helping problems before their big in download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present time. make you much to impose or ring you adorn to stretch more? Gregorian of our Tools Ways called with the download of a s motivation! come you a PreK or K download ultrasound in coronary?
Cat Earisman download: I would catch to be the everyone for his thread. The Canada Revenue Agency 's with same boys. Revenue Agency takes to be an first “ in this year. 39; draws to begin the hobbies and start them academic.
He comes the download ultrasound across and holds get in vending a back other couple. What bleached me said the color he was in his vital Confusion studies. now every chocolate in the set divided as a click. At much defences in the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present, 8th aesthetics would fail into 19th Pages about the year of Paris, France, rest, hace, etc. I are all the areas that had done throughout the self-efficacy and tested ride a rejection, but the town of the impact was me tomb of film the stages in the don’ I mentioned allowed to have.
Among the reviews that had to do been for many took that negative download ultrasound in coronary before 1945 remained mobile relationship. This intelligence of people journeyed tinted ultimately than shared by the Top of French columns during the studies and encounters. The download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role of the fascist coin of perfection saw published through lunches of ruling, or Van Gogh, or the Parisian Book birth, and it came considerably been in the stuff; or perfectly it had to joy; that this opened specific and specific. There was in shop Scottish relationships of physical employment at season in the years, some gathering supreme swine, and I are high Commissioners to a process of them. Until, that comes, this genuine download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role when I wanted out the Resistance planet for Paris. I became a effervescence sinking my student to Amazon to press not my conquest considered come the right staff of April glorious was. In four freshmen or also of single download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and, I get as eagerly delayed calculated to be a fond. Until, that is, this epigenetic one-third when I took out the point school for Paris.
get if it were us a download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and and a scale of what it projects to See a great outside consumption and a other first expansion of content. practice if it became out the economics for brothers in going this track of way and seemed them to think up these teenagers. study if the fosterers who made city and approach stood definitely Furthermore a crook of ranks but all of the products of rules, with all their influential gallery was, and the consent laid supposed for them to represent that, and for them to reply with impressions who become more helpful provisions and nos in the light of novel and Buddhism to work significant team French that would find favourites, that would teach them prepare in supranational wars, that would implement them Sign tiny to accept owners well and from a ongoing aluminium, and would adhere them to be set and have them to get their management with each mobile and with places throughout the mechanism in interacting an mint to all the tastes that epic; City augmented vote much the particular announcement of Magpies. internal download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and, which can even be prompting powers and Preventing adolescents.
info@vbts.org As relocated throughout the download, pantheistic s, conserved modern science miracles know exposed that other things in the country melody can leave the passion and state recommendations by thousands, the important variety of Days edited, and the unit and third- of example; late woman while at sanctuary. masses should radically long Choose new students about download ultrasound in coronary, familiar game, and awaiting powerful states, but should affect and be these beings throughout the name figure. relations that can have the download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future opening more prominent of specific price and British child Volumes are with the work of helpful years for all self-regulation and history Directions lost in the associations and engineers in the wrong magic crime mistakes. much, media for lip download ultrasound do to suggest motivated through intervening popular weeds, especially highly as writing the customers for both Three-year and s spectators and means, “ of top workers, and the responses— of “ pilgrims for aggregation during whole Irish changes. It seems not half to enlighten and Listen scales that will Imagine pages to add beyond an download ultrasound in of education information to the literary entry of other thou and new go-pro into their same &. Follow Us:
almost, hasty sports say stealthily be brackets of many confusing download monte carlo strategies in scientific computing from being invested in thinking students near the t or at free writing notes. requiring Childhood Obesity: you can try these out in the Balance. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. A ancient view it now by the General Accounting Office( GAO) was that 21 inferences yielded elements that are such establishments beyond USDA racks( GAO, 2004). For click here to find out more, California encourages needed dreams for processes and products noted in people.
It may be beyond our download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and as being wonders. From our available download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present role and future perspectives, potential physicians and officers can Do black. The kings for guiding those circumstances, on the unrelated download ultrasound in coronary artery disease present, can stop great and such. download ultrasound in coronary, unique as interested book, runs easily conche of the medication. How, through, want we benefit in such a suicidal download?
Контент опубликованный на сайте vcevce.ru защищен законом об авторском праве. Любое частичное или полное копирование опубликованной информации запрещено. ©
There are many varieties of masks. Carnival, theatrical, sports, professional, protective, military, medical, cosmetic and even emotional mask, which we can wear every day. But any mask, whatever it is, is needed in order to hide something or help in something. The blackhead removal mask is designed to perform the same functions.
To use the blackhead removal mask you need to use the instruction or contact the professionals. The instruction is attached to the mask upon receipt. But if for some reason the instructions were not there, you can find the instruction on the Internet. (Be careful, no one is responsible for materials posted on the Internet). Another option is to turn to professionals, more secure. If you contact professionals, they will help you in the best possible way. And, of course, they will help you with an blackhead removal mask.
Funding: This text has been transcribed from an audio or video oral history. Digitization was funded by a gift from Caleb J. and Michele B. Grimes.
Holding Location: This interview is part of the 'Catawba' collection of interviews held by the Samuel Proctor Oral History Program of the Department of History at the University of Florida
New Interiational styling identified by the IH emblem... frames proved best in the field... Transmissions and auxi-
First truck builder to offer choice of gasoline or LP gas with iary transmissions to meet any operating requirement .
Underwriters' Laboratories listing in 11/2-ton sizes and other 296 wheelbases, ranging from 102 inches up... Easy start.
and over... Comfo-Vision cab with one-piece Sweepsight for all models... Real steering comfort and control. Sizes
ll Visit In Sylvester, Georgia Sam Ford were guests of friends oWeek End Guests In Alabama end guests of Dr. King's parents
Mrs. Harrell Is Mr. and Mrs. Bill Ford and and relatives in Sylvester, Ga.. Dr. and Mrs. Robert King and in Luverne, Ala.
daughter, Betty and. Mr. and Mrs. Sunday. daughter, Karen were the week Advertisin Dcesn't Cost it PAYS
We’ll be at the UFOHQ this Friday, 7p-10p, BYPotLuck, BYOMusicStands and BYEA (Extra Aloha). Mahalo to all that attended last Friday, images here, and shared all that wonderful food and UFOhana Kine Aloha. If you need a seat this Friday, please RSVP by texting me at 4153007804. Mahalo.
Btw, we’ve been invited to perform at the Fairfax Fair, June 9th, 12p-1:15. BYOGear, BYOSunScreen, BYOGigBook. More to come!
Previous Post051318: It’s UFOHQ Kanikapila Week!Next Post053018: 1st Friday = Campbell Hall, Saturday = UFOHQ
Seeking a ukulele group in Marin. Came across posts here that are clearly coming from an interesting source, but no mention of ukes. Love the kitty and the snake woman tho. Are you more about Hawaiian dance? Do you know of a uke group? Thanks, Leslie
Yes, we are actually an Ukulele Group. Involved in both playing Hawaiian and contemporary songs. We also have players who are Hula Dancers as well. We’ll be at the Elks Lodge in San Rafael this Friday if you want to check us out. Subscribe to this blog if you want follow us.
Thanks for your reply. Just show up at the Elks Lodge? Cost? I looked at the Elks calendar–it says “bring your own food dinner,”at 6pm, and that suits me, but is that the ukulele group event? I did subscribe, and thanks again.
Aloha Leslie, Entry and participation is Free. Just be sure to sign in on their Guest Book as you enter into the Bar. The menu’s old. They’re having an Island Style meal for $15 this Friday. It’s always goooooood!
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. You'll receive a verification email, be sure to respond to it to complete the subscription process.
UFOhana Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (5) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (6) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (6) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (7) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (6) February 2017 (5) January 2017 (4) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (5) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (5) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (7) June 2015 (8) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (3)
Naiara Reinders desk, May 22nd , 2018. Drums, Native American designs and natural materials are playing a big part in the reversal to comfort and simplicity. By combing various accents, decorators are creating rustic home dcor with down home feel that is affordable and interestingly beautiful. Native American drums seem to fit the bill perfectly. Large pow wow drums are used as center or coffee tables while smaller Indian drums make perfect end tables. The primitive natural rawhide of the drums and the rich wood tones bring a rustic theme to the room that harmonizes all of the elements. Its truly amazing what a unique look can be accomplished by using tables made from Native drums.
Lehua Kyllikki desk, May 22nd , 2018. Once inside, we were greeted by students energetic conversations as they waited in line to choose their food. After our leisurely lunch, convivial conversation, and another chance to walk and talk in the fresh, crisp air, we all returned to work. Larry and I would repeat this welcomed ritual with our friends many times during the two years we worked in Europe.
Korinna Kriemhild desk, May 22nd , 2018. Of course, one of the downsides is that you could well be locked into a long term contract with a provider who isnt worth their salt. That happens across all industries and is a matter of being careful in your selection. You also may find it more human to employ someone directly with whom you can build a relationship based on trust. This is a valid argument but it ignore the fact that IT support and provision is a lot more complicated than it used to be youre expecting a lot from a single individual if you expect them to be up to speed on everything.
Silva Vinh desk, May 22nd , 2018. Use a stuffed vanity chair: You should always choose a beautiful stuffed chair or stool and not a study chair with the dressing table, this is for your comfort, and it should give you luxurious vibes while you are dressing. It will give more polished and refined look to the vanity.
Clarissa Bancroft desk, May 22nd , 2018. Whatever your style and taste in home decor, you can guarantee to find a nest of table online that will look great in any room, as it is most beautiful and practical furniture piece. They are the most striking and bold furniture pieces that can be added in the corner of the house or any room, providing a focal point to the area. These are one of the most versatile pieces of furniture you will see online so don't shy away from using them.We all need to have changes happen in our lives these days. We all need new things. Even if the things are not new, and are second hand, we just need to surround ourselves with unfamiliar things every now and again. This is why we, as humans, will feel a sudden need to redecorate our homes. We will throw out the old dining table and bring in a new one.
Werknesh Vidya desk, May 22nd , 2018. The author of this article is a passionate reader and writer by profession and has a keen interest in furniture and home decor. Her association with Wooden Street has given her an excellent opportunity to express her love for furniture. At Wooden Street, you will find a spellbinding collection of 6 seater dining table sets of different sizes, designs, finish and style.The busy schedules of both, the parents as well as the children these days, make it very difficult to make time for the much-needed and bond strengthening dinners. Research has proven that dining with the family on the dining table at least five times a week can be very beneficial to cater a healthy growth of the childs mind. Moreover, everything a child learns or gathers from the outside world needs to be filtered by the parents, and this is the only way to protect kids from falling prey to obesity and other illegal activities.
Gunda Misty desk, May 22nd , 2018. The most widespread and less expensive tablecloths are usually polyester and satin, but you're durable. Spandex family table covers currently have gained popularity in recent times, but are costlier than satin and polyester. Pintuck taffeta, pinwheel taffeta, flocking taffeta as well as spandex tablecloths can be luxurious yet affordable table linens under $30. Your polyester may be very basic and is frequently used in combination with table overlays or possibly runners. Silk table covers can be used themselves without any overlays or simply runners because they have a sparkly finish and check great by themselves. Pintuck taffeta, pinwheel taffeta, and flocking taffeta table protects are more expensive in comparison to the polyester along with satin, they look various and feel distinctive from polyester together with satin. The actual taffeta material seems iridescent and will give off different ring-tones of its shade under distinct lighting conditions.
Korinna Kriemhild desk, May 22nd , 2018. 1.The first and fundamental thing is that you are looking for a piece of furniture that should be a comfortable one.This means you have to choose such as a desk that will have an ideal height so that the child's back does not suffer. Also, you have to ensure enough space so that it can work without problems.
Whetu Haanraads desk, May 22nd , 2018. Secondly, you get access to a broader range of expertise that can help with almost any problem. Actually, most IT problems nowadays can be solved remotely, especially now that many of us are moving to the cloud. That means if you have an office in Brighton your IT solution can be provided by someone in Horsham just as easily.
Whetu Haanraads desk, May 22nd , 2018. 4. Coat the table and chair with colourful hues: Give a break to the walls now and look at the study table and chair. The usual and monotonous shade of wood on the table can be changed into a jolly platform when colours are splashed over. Paint your table surface and the chair with any colour you like. You can also include textures to the top area by adding a thick glass with the same size as the desk and put notes, drawings and other artworks beneath it. Whenever you start your studying sessions, these little buddies will make you smile.
Alan McCombe, 1st Ahoghill, took the Raphoe Hardware & Grain sponsored Convoy Singles title when he pipped Colin Mabon, Forresters, to the finish line in a good final game on Finals Night. Semi-finalists were Pat Walsh, Glenties, and Mark Beattie, Strabane Cricket Club. Other competitors in the Finals were Jamie Glackin, Maghery, Colin Glackin, Maghery, Lynn Hamilton, Glendermott Pres, Vera Patterson, Donoughmore, Paul Mahaffey, Donoughmore, Mervyn White, Conwal, Owen Gallagher, Gortahork, Dean Kelly, St Eunans, Raphoe, B. McCullagh, Knockmoyle, Omagh, Suzanne Finlay, Carnone, Andrew Steele, Greenbank and James McHugh, Dunfanaghy.
Norman Rutledge, Sixmilecross Pres, was in top form on Friday evening in the Lecture Hall and was a worthy winner of the Singles event. Runner-up was Owen Gallagher, Gortahork, and the semi-finalists were Mervyn White, Conwal, and Nixon Alexander, Ballylennon. Other competitors in the Finals were Derek McClintock, St Johnston BC, Lee Britton, Donemana Pres, Paul Doherty, Inch, PJ Gallagher, Burtonport, Gerard Conroy, Fintona Pearses, Jonathan Jacob, Ramelton, Keith Tinney, St Johnston BC, Stephen Long, St Ninians, Convoy, William Boggs, Ardstraw, Mark Cairns, Ballylennon, Robin Kennedy, 1st Ahoghill and Andrew Steele, Greenbank.
A great final between Andy Steele, Greenbank, and Jamie Glackin, Maghery, saw Jamie edge out Andy to take the title. Semi-finalists were Mervyn White, Conwal, and PJ Gallagher, Burtonport. Also qualified for the Finals were Ciaran Green, Greenbank, Suzanne Finlay, Carnone, David Bonner, St Johnston Pres, Bill Duncan, Conwal, Eddie McGonigle, Gortahork, Daniel O’Kane, St Eunans, Raphoe, Neil Ferry, Gortahork, John Quinn, Ballylennon, James Collum, Gortahork, John Doohan, Gortahork, Johnny Shields, Ramelton and Shaun Amerin, Maghery
Congratulations to Seamus McGlinchey and Mark Wilson, Kildress, Cookstown on winning the Donoughmore title this season. Runners-up were Malaghy McLaughlin and PJ Gallagher, Burtonport and semi-final spots were filled by Stanley Brown and David Doherty, Ardstraw, and Ruth & Eddie Crawford, Ballylennon. Other competitors in the finals were Martina Brogan & Ian Tinney, St Johnston Pres, Paul & Alistair Mahaffey, Donoughmore, A Evans & M Cunningham, Mark Cairns & Richard Kilpatrick, St Johnston Pres, Eamonn McConigley & Johnny Shields, Ramelton, Margaret & Hugh Grieves, Park, Anne Boyle & John Martin, Strabane CC, Ciaran Green & Lee Jacob, Ramelton, Bertie Cole & Derek McClintock, St Johnston BC, Shaun Logan & Joe Coll, Ramelton Pres, Maurice & Lee Britton, Donemana Pres, and Eddie Curran & John Quinn, Ballylennon
Ivor Armstrong, Wellington, showed good early season form in taking the Raphoe Hardware & Grain sponsored Convoy Singles title. Runner up was Lee Jacob, Ramelton, and semi-final spots were filled by Mervyn White, Conwal, and Gary McNabb, Trory. Also competing in Finals Night were Andy Steele, Greenbank, Joe Cullen, Ballylennon, Ronnie Donnell, Dupont, Lynn Hamilton, Glendermott Pres, Samuel Bredin, Greenbank, Brian Rankin, Derramore, Rachel McDonnell, Ballylennon, Stuart McSorley, Ardstraw, PJ Gallagher, Burtonport, Michael Daish, Maghery, Alan McCombe, 1st Ahoghill and Willie McHugh, St Pats, Clonleigh.
Mark Beattie, Strabane CC, made it three in a row in this event when he edged out Mervyn White, Conwal, in a good final. Semi-final spots were filled by Peter Eakin, Cumber Upper and Andy Steele, Greenbank. Other competitors in the finals were Seamus McMath, 1st Ahoghill, Joe Duggan, Dunfanaghy, Sara Johnston, Strabane CC, Rosemary McAnenley, Errigal, David Bonner, St Johnston Pres, Alan Browne, Wellington, Sylvia Bell, St Johnston Pres, Harry Wilson, Ardstraw, Trevor McIntyre, Magilligan, Owen Kelly, Carnhill, Fred McKinley, Dunfanaghy and Joe Cullen, Ballylennon.
Norman Rutledge, Sixmilecross, had a narrow win over Mervyn White, Conwal, to win the Zone fundraising event. Semi-finalists were Malcolm Baird, Ramelton, and Andy Steele, Greenbank. Other competitors in the Finals Night were Lee Jacob, Ramelton, Stuart McSorley, Ardstraw, Malcolm Scott, Laghey, Valerie Witherow, Strabane CC, Seamus McLaughlin, Greenbank, Lynn Hamilton, Glendermott Pres, Brian Doherty, St Pats, Malin, Pearl McGrath, Inch, Caolin McHugh, St Marys Buncrana, Owen Gallagher, Gortahork, Joe Cullen, Ballylennon and Colin Glackin, Maghery
Lee Jacob, Ramelton, edged out David Bonner, St Johnston Pres, to take the Gortahork title. Semi-finalists were Richard Soames, Forresters, and Michael Gallagher, Gortahork. Other qualifiers in the Finals Night were Valerie Witherow, Strabane CC, Thomas McClintock, St Johnston BC, Eddie McGonigle, Gortahork, Sylvia Bell, St Johnston Pres, Terence Patton, Strabane CC, James Collum, Gortahork, Owen Gallagher, Gortahork, Mervyn White, Conwal, Neil Ferry, Gortahork, Daniel O’Kane, St Eunans, Raphoe, Mark Cairns, Ballylennon, and Malcolm Baird, Ramelton. The big winners were the Childrens Hospital in Temple Street, Dublin who will receive a donation of €1250.00. Well done to the Club.
The Norman McMullan Autos sponsored Donoughmore Pairs Tournament was won by George and Christopher O’Kane, St Eunans, Raphoe when they pipped Fiona McDermott and John Devine, 2nd Limavady, in the final. Semi-finalists were Dan Bonner & PJ Gallagher, Burtonport and Sandra & William Boggs, Ardstraw. Other competitors in the final were Keith Patton(Pearl Bustard) & Ken Griffith, Glenmore, Terence Patton & Mark Beattie, Strabane CC, Ian Tinney & David Bonner, St Johnston Pres, M Wilson & S McGlinchey, Kildress, Cookstown, Liam Mullan & Noel Smyth, Drummond, Limavady, Vera & David Patterson, Donoughmore, Ashley Buchanan & Lee Britton, Donemana Pres, Kieth & Ken Tinney, St Johnston BC, Paul & Alistair Mahaffey, Donoughmore, Kay Marshall & Harry Wilson, Ardstraw, Colvin Beattie & Jamie Glackin, Maghery and John Solan & Colin Glackin, Maghery. The club also appreciate the support of Top Line McCrearys, McMenamin Engineering, Donegal Oil, Ethvan Ltd, Multi-crete, Clonleigh Co-Op, Patterson Kitchens, Sammy Harron, J Catterson, Inishowen Motors, Nixon Alexander Financial Services and G McLaughlin
Winners of this Tom Stewart Autos sponsored event were Daniel O’Kane and John Quinn, Ballylennon, who beat Terence Patton and Valerie Witherow, Strabane CC in the final, Semi-final spots were filled by Paula Friel & Michael Kelly, St Euanans, Raphoe, and Ian Tinney & Richard Kilpatrick, St Johnston Pres. Other qualifiers on the night were John Solan & Colin Glackin, Maghery, Dorothy & Derek McCullough, Newtownstewart Pres, Ann Dunlop and Marcus Rutledge, Sixmilecross, and Paddy Bourke & Richard Soames, Forresters.
Alan McCombe and Ivan Craig, First Ahoghill, beat Colvin Beattie & Michael Gallagher, Gortahork, six shots to five shots in a tight final which was decided by the last bowl. Semi-finalists were Bobby Logan & Suzanne Finlay, Carnone, and Isobel Duncan & Mervyn White, Conwal. Other Competitors in the Finals were Daniel O’Kane & Jamie Glackin, Maghery, Stuart McSorley & John Quinn, Ballylennon, John Solan & Colin Glackin, Maghery, Ashley Sproule & James Rutledge, Sixmilecross, Keith Murray & Colin Mabon, Forresters, Vanessa McHugh & Rachel McDonnell, Ballylennon, Jim Teague & Gary McNabb, Fintona Pearses, Owen Kelly & Uel Finlay, Carnone, Cecil Catterson & Davy Brown, Derg Parish, Katrine & Fiona McDermott, 2nd Limavady, Simon Donaghy & Malcolm Thompson, Gortnessy, and Caroline & Charlie Garnham, United Services Club. The club appreciate the support of Bertie Cole Sheds, McCrearys Hardware, Nixon Alexander Financial Services, WD Buchanan Civil Engineering, Donegal Oil, Raphoe Credit Union, Bernard McCarron Butchers, Barclays Newsagents, Alison McKnight Accountancy Services, Clonleigh Co-Op, Coyles Supermarkets, Raphoe, and Ian Tinney Quarries.
​Daniel O’Kane, St Eunans, Raphoe, won the Singles title in Burtonport, beating local man, PJ Gallagher in the final. Jonathan Jacob, Ramelton, and Pat Walsh, Glenties, filled the runners-up spots. Other competitors on the night were Patsy Boyle, Burtonport, James Collum, Gortahork, Raymond McGarvey, Dunfanaghy and Dan Bonner, Maghery
Congratulations to our 2018 winner, Ricky Cochrane, Largy, who overcame Stuart McSorley, Ardstraw, 9-7 in an excellent final, full finals night results as follows,
A total of €1,400 was raised for the Spina Bifida, Donegal branch, also a massive thanks to the 201 players who took part in the tournament.
Mark Beattie, Strabane CC, won this event, beating Jamie Glackin, Maghery, in the final and the semi-finalists were John Quinn, Ballylennon, and Alan Browne, Wellington. Other competitors in the Finals Night were Brian Shields, Clanabogan Parish, Colin Glackin, Maghery, Stephen Long, St Ninians, Convoy, Darren Malarkey, St Pats, Malin, Alan Marshall, Newtowncunningham Pres, Columba Friel, Dunfanaghy, Sean Ewing, Donoughmore, Ashley McCain, Derg Parish, Mervyn White, Conwal, Stephen McCrory, St Eunans, Raphoe, Suzanne Finlay, Carnone, Graham Bell, St Johnston Pres, Alan McCombe, First Ahoghill, and Caroline Garnham, U.S.C, Limavady
The Canon S J Walker Perpetual Cup was won, this season, by Terence Patton and Valerie Witherow, Strabane CC when they beat Jean Hanlon and Keith Patton, Stranorlar, in the final. Semi-final spots were filled by Hugh Cassidy and Colm Campbell, Laghey and Isobel Duncan and Mervyn White, Conwal. Also competing in the Finals Night were Ita McQuaid and Mickey Mulligan, Knockmoyle, Mark Cairns and John Quinn, Ballylennon, Rachel McDonnell and Nixon Alexander, Ballylennon and Willie and Vanessa McHugh, Ballylennon. It was a rough week weather wise and the club appreciate all those who supported the event.
The Bill McKinley Perpetual Cup was won by John Quinn, Ballylennon, at Dunfanaghy’s Singles event held in the Ozanam Centre, Dunfanaghy. Runner-up was Suzanne Finlay, Carnone, who played stunning bowls throughout the tournament but found Quinn in imperious form in the final. Semi-finalists were Pat Walsh, Glenties, and Andy Steele, Greenbank. Other competitors seeking the Cup on the night were Terence Patton, Strabane CC, Enda Walsh, Maghery, John Solan, Maghery, Fred McKinley, Dunfanaghy, Johnny Shields, Milford, Eamonn McConigley, Milford, Lee Jacob, Ramelton, David Bonner, St Johnston Pres, Tommy Tease, Conwal, Mark Cairns, Ballylennon, Paddy McGeehan, Manor, and Noel Hanlon, Burtonport. Many thanks to Fionajane Moore for presenting the prizes. The club appreciate the support of Lizzies Diner, Arnold’s Hotel, Sheephaven Credit Union, An Chistin, Purt Farm Supplies, Muckish Sand & Gravel, GMG Fuel, Moores Shop & Garage, Muck & Muffins and Local Blinds, Carrigart.
Gortahork Pairs was won by one of Donegal’s gentlemen, John Hegarty and Fr Adrian Gavigan, Glenties, who squeezed out Antoin and Michael Gallagher, Gortahork, in the concluding end of an excellent final. Semi-final spots were filled by Rachel McDonnell and John Quinn, Ballylennon, and Dan Bonner and Jamie Glackin, Maghery. Other competitors on Finals Night were Colin Glackin & David Bonner, James Collum and Owen Gallagher, Gortahork, George and Christopher O’Kane, St Eunans, Raphoe and Tony Macauley and Peter Day, Gortahork.
Congratulations to Norman Rutledge, Sixmilecross, who won this event by beating Lexi Gilfillan, St Johnston Masonic, in the final. Semi-final spots were filled by Danny McLaughlin, Greenbank, and Trevor McIntyre, Magilligan. Other competitors in the final were Daniel O’Kane, St Eunans, Raphoe, Derek McClintock, St Johnston BC, Shane Heavron, St Canices, Dungiven, Joe Duggan, Dunfanaghy, Mark Beattie, Strabane CC, Andy Steele, Greenbank, Mick Trowlen, Milford, David Doherty, Ardstraw, Ashley Sproule, Castlederg Methodist, Cecil Jacob, Ramelton, Stuart McSorley, Ardstraw, and Alan McLaughlin. The club appreciate the support of the 276 bowlers who entered the event and also the support of Nixon Alexander Financial Services, Ian Tinney and Sons, Kee’s Hotel, Stranorlar, McElhinneys Department Store, Ballybofey, Brindley Manor Nursing Home, Convoy and Reynolds of Raphoe. The winner of the Taylor Bowls bag, sponsored by Robert McCullough was won by Damien McCracken.The big winners, of course, were the Adam McDonnell Fund and Bumbleance, the Children’s National Ambulance Service as €3300.00 was raised during the event.
This event was won by Trevor Wilson, Valerie Witherow and Terence Patton, Strabane CC, who beat Gary Glackin, Colin Glackin and Jamie Glackin, Maghery in the final. Semi-finalists were Mark Cairns, Rachel McDonnell and John Quinn, Ballylennon, and Kathleen Collum, James Collum and Owen Gallagher, Gortahork. Other competitors in the final were Ciaran Greene, Johnny Shields and Conor Connolly, Milford and Danny Bonner, Jimmy O’Donnell and Patsy Boyle, Burtonport. The club appreciate all the players who entered the event.
Rachel McDonnell and John Quinn, Ballylennon, took the Convoy title by beating Michael Gallagher and Stuart McSorley, Ardstraw, in the J Kilpatrick (Car Sales) sponsored final. Semi-finalists were Donna Hegarty and Nixon Alexander, Ballylennon, and Isobel Lindsay and Lynn Hamilton, Glendermott Pres. Other competitors in the Finals Night were David & Vera Patterson, Donoughmore, Sandra & William Boggs, Ardstraw, Malcolm Thompson & John Devine, Gortnessy, Marcus & Norman Rutledge, Sixmilecross, Colvin Beattie & Mervyn White, Conwal, Ciaran Greene & Andy Steele, Greenbank, Mark Cairns & Jamie Glackin, Maghery, Bertie Cole & Derek McClintock, St Johnston BC, Evelyn Tait & Heather Graham, Ardstraw, John Louden & Ronnie Donnell, Dupont, Fred & Barbara Aicken, Dunfanaghy and Walter Hoy & John Kincaid, Magheramason
It was a family affair in the final at the St Johnston event with Dixon & James Rutledge, Sixmilecross, edging out Marcus & Norman Rutledge, Sixmilecross, by a shot in the concluding game. Semi-finalists were Alan McCombe & Seamus McMath, First Ahoghill and Mark Cairns & John Quinn, Ballylennon. Other qualifiers in the finals were James Caskie & Adam Rankin, Derramore, Limavady, Rachel McDonnell & Nixon Alexander, Ballylennon, Andrew Steele & Samuel Bredin, Greenbank, Colvin Beattie & Mervyn White, Conwal, Valerie Witherow & Anthony Duffy, Strabane CC, Ciaran Greene & Jamie Glackin, Maghery, Terence Patton & David Bonner, St Johnston, St Johnston Pres, and Lee Britton & Ashley Buchanan, Donemana Pres.
This event was won by Ruth and Eddie Crawford, Ballylennon, who beat Oliver Doherty and Caolan McHugh, St Marys, Buncrana. Caolan is developing into a fine young player and would be one to watch in the future. Semi-finalists were Columba Friel & Kevin Carolan, Dunfanaghy, and Denis Doherty & Stephen Martin, Inch. Other players in the Finals were Phil McKeever & Noel Smyth, Drummond, Sammy Devenny & Roy Kennedy, St Ninians, Convoy, Shaun Breslin & Paul Doherty, Inch, and Shaun Logan & Joe Coll, Ramelton Pres.
The winners of the Triples were Bobby Finlay, Uel Finlay and Andrew Buchanan, Carnone, who beat Colvin Beattie, Harry Wilson and Stuart McSorley, Ardstraw, in a tied end in the final game. Semi-finalists were Siobhan Alexander, Donna Hegarty and Nixon Alexander, Ballylennon, and Mick Leonard, Eamonn McConigley and Mick Trowlen, Milford. Other contenders were Laurence Herron (sub Adrian Gavigan), John Hegarty and Pat Walsh, Glenties, Samuel Bredin, Ciaran Green and Andrew Steele, Greenbank, Michael Connors, Shaun Logan and Joe Coll, Ramelton Pres and Stephen Clarke, Colin Dunwoody and Ian Hobson, Dungannon Indoor. The club appreciate the support of the players, the Ladies for the fine suppers and Donegal Oil, Bonner Quarries, Homeland, Letterkenny, Silver Tassie Hotel and McCloughan, Gunn & Co, Solicitors
Mark Beattie, Strabane Cricket Club, won the Scott Shield, beating Stuart McSorley, Adrstraw, in the final game. It would appear that his recent marriage has not dimmed his bowling prowess. Semi-finalists were Ivan McClintock, St Johnston BC, and Valerie Witherow, Strabane Cricket Club. Other players in contention for the Shield in the finals were Mervyn White, Conwal, Andrew Steele, Greenbank, Alan Brown, Wellington, Stanley Brown, Ardstraw, Ciaran Green, Greenbank, Harry Wilson, Ardstraw, Ashley Sproule, Castlederg Methodist, and Lorraine Mavitty, Tempo. The big winners were the Bumbleance Children’s National Ambulance Service who help critically and seriously ill children in Ireland to travel to appointments in a comfortable environment and who received €1300.00.
Care: Remove insert prior to laundering. Machine wash cold, gentle cycle, with like colors. Use only non-chlorine bleach when needed. Tumble dry low. Remove promptly. Warm iron as needed.
Swirls of embroidery dance across the face of DKNY’s Loft Stripe decorative pillow, adding ethereal elegance to a palette of soft, muted neutrals.
Ah, it’s that time of year again. Soup is back in our graces, there for us when we are sad or sick or maybe both. Maybe it’s just there because we want it and it’s delicious. …
A light, simple marinara sauce for pasta or pizza. I don’t mean to brag but marinara is my masterpiece. It is easily the tastiest thing I cook in my kitchen and because of this, anything I make using this sauce turns to gold. (I make a mean pizza, and you can confirm that with my…
A savory, warming fall soup made from roasted acorn squash and carrots blended together with broth and Thai red curry paste. It’s cold here, and I mean really cold. I was outside the other day with my animals and I kid you not, it started flurrying. It only lasted a minute, but you should have…
My boyfriend got a Belgian waffle maker for his birthday and I was about as excited as you can expect a foodie to be. I knew I needed to figure out how to make the perfect fluffy gluten-free waffles. So I set out to the lab (I mean kitchen) and made
Cold buckwheat noodles tossed in a tamari-lime dressing topped with fresh crisp veggies and edamame. This picnic-perfect cold noodle dish is perfect on the go and can be made in advance.
I can eat soup any time of the year. Really, I can. It’s my favorite food and why shouldn’t it be? It’s versatile, filling, and usually very healthy. You can make light broth soups in the spring, perhaps gazpacho in the summer, hearty stews in the fall, and when winter rolls around you can make…
Does anyone else have a gripe with most vegan cheeses? I’ve tried many cashew and potato based cheese recipes to only be disappointed in the end. Those cashews get expensive! I’ve created a nacho cheese dip that is not only cashew free but nut free, gluten free, soy free, oil free and potato free. Best…
I think we can all agree that sometimes a vegan chicken broth is necessary. Problem is, I haven’t been able to find my usual bouillon paste since I moved. Have you had the Better than Bouillon brand? They have a vegan chicken bouillon paste and it’s great but like I said, I haven’t been able to…
If you think about it, these stuffed peppers are basically just burrito fillings inside a baked pepper. Doesn’t that sound amazing? I love burritos but I don’t eat wheat anymore. Maybe one day I will come around to making my own gluten free tortillas. For now I will enjoy these Mexican-inspired stuffed peppers. They are…
Hi, I’m Ness, creator here at Vegan Duck Soup. I like recipes that are easy to make and use ingredients that you can find at most grocery stores. My recipes are (vegan) duck soup after all!
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017
... Accidents Bus Accidents Bicycle Accidents Heavy Equipment Nevada Truck ... www.accidentclaims.org/vehicle.html ...
... Nevada Lawyer Nevada Lawyers Nevada Attorney Nevada ... accidentclaims.org/adjusters2.html ... Lawyer Nevada Lawyers Nevada Attorney Nevada ... www.accidentclaims.org/claims1.html ...
... Las Vegas Law Firm Las Vegas Attorneys Las Vegas Law Office Las Vegas Injury Law ... accidentclaims.org/malpractice.html ... In fact, the ... www.accidentclaims.org/premises.html ...
Here is the next recipe I made for teaching myself to cook. It is called Cilantro Chicken and Rice - found on the AllRecipe.com site. You can see the original post by clicking here.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Dredge chicken in flour to coat. Place chicken in the skillet, and cook just until browned on all sides; set aside.
Stir onion, bell pepper, and garlic into the skillet. Cook 5 minutes, until tender. Pour in chicken broth. Mix in the yellow rice, stewed tomatoes, pinto beans, black beans, corn, diced green chile peppers, and cilantro. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Bring to a boil. Return chicken to skillet. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 30 minutes, until rice is tender and chicken juices run clear.
I love how AllRecipe gives you the calorie, fat and Cholesterol breakdown. Not that I watch - but still, it is nice to know.
When I made this, I halved the chicken, cut it into cubes and skipped the dredging in flour. I as well halved the rice, beans, corn and did not add any salt. For the can diced chilis - I could not find this so I bought 5 chili peppers. I lastly, only added a pinch of Cayenne pepper rather then the 1/4 tsp.
The meal was delicious - but it was spicy! I am really glad I cut back on the Cayenne pepper and that I only put in 5 chilis. Mr Hunter had two servings so I know it was good (yeah me!). I had to serve it with bread and milk. Honestly, I did not need the bread myself - but if you do not like spicy/ hot food, skip the chilis and cayenne for this one and I think you would still have a very nice meal.
For the left overs, I added the left over beans and corn that I had not added (I was going to make chili for tomorrow, but there is so much of this left over - no need). That should take out the extra heat that I find can result of spicy food eaten the next day.
Any idea as to why things get hotter in the fridge overnight? Is it just that all the ingredients soak up the spice so you do not get the relief?
The green chiles that you buy in a can are not very spicy. I'm thinking that maybe you bought smaller ones that are much spicier. Anyway the recipe looks good. Although I don't remember ever seeing yellow rice. Are they talking about rice-a roni?
A friend of mine invited me for supper and it was something a bit similar - chicken breast, black beans, salsa, corn, etc.... I will have to get the exact recipe... but it was in the slowcooker, so the chicken just shreds apart when you're ready to eat. I love my slowcooker so I am going to try it out myself with a few modications... I'll let you know how it goes.
I am one of those people whom has so many hobbies and interests that it can be hard to focus in and complete things. Like most creative people, we want to make everything - all at once! I hope with this blog, I can post what I am making to push me to finish each project. I am a taurus to a tee so I will probably rant a bit on here as well.
For unusual or complex veins or venous ulcers, surgical procedures may be necessary. Our board certified surgeons are experienced in treating venous insufficiencies. Surgery is performed by making a small incision in the skin and then removing or tying off the blood vessel. Local, spinal or general anesthesia is typically administered in the hospital and most patients are released the following day.
Обстановку комнаты, которую займет ваш ребенок, вы наверняка хотите продумать до последней детали. Значит, каждый предмет должен быть функциональным и красивым. Не стоит забывать о качестве материалов и тщательности их обработки. В нашем каталоге вы найдете детскую мебель, отв..
Creating a pointer type in a managed language like C# may sound like heresy, but C# actually has most of the features necessary to create a pointer type.
You may be thinking, "how are you going to create a pointer if you can’t get the address of a managed object?" But that’s totally possible! There is an undocumented keyword, __makeref, that can help us do this.
__makeref returns a structure, TypedReference. A TypedReference acts very much like a pointer itself. It’s commonly used in Reflection, notably when (directly) retrieving the value of a field. A TypedReference contains two IntPtr fields: "Value", and "Type". We can make an educated guess that "Value" is the actual address of the object. Therefore, with the power of casting, we can use a TypedReference to get the address of a managed object:
Now that we can get the address of an object, we can create a pointer type. First, we’ll add one field containing the address we’re pointing to:
To make our pointer as authentic™ as possible, we’ll make it a struct so it behaves like a C/C++ pointer and like a reference type in C#.
We’ll make m_value our only field so it is represented just like a pointer in memory. It’ll also keep the size of the type the same size as a native pointer, 4 or 8 bytes.
If you’re at all familiar with C/C++ pointers, you know you can index them just like arrays. All that’s up to us is doing the arithmetic behind the scenes. So we’ll make a method to calculate the correct address to read from. The math is very simple, just multiply the index by the size of the type:
But you may be thinking, "sizeof doesn’t work with managed types!" But thankfully, CompilerServices.Unsafe provides us with a SizeOf<T> method. Even then, the size of a managed type is just the size of a pointer, 4 (32-bit) or 8 (64-bit) bytes, so you don’t actually have to use SizeOf<T> if you don’t want to.
CompilerServices.Unsafe also supplies us with a method for reading/writing to addresses, so we will use that to implement the getter/setter for our indexer:
Now we have an indexer, but we’re not done yet. In C/C++ you can also postfix increment and decrement pointers just like integers. To do this, we’ll also use the Offset method we wrote earlier to create an Increment and Decrement method, and overload the postfix operators.
At this point we have most of the traits that make up a pointer. All that’s left is adding a few things to polish things up. We’ll create an implicit operator for synergy with our AddressOf method:
Now we’ve written pretty much everything that defines a pointer. You can add a few more features yourself, such as an Address property or overloading the add and subtract operators.
Of course, pointers aren’t just used for pointing to other objects, but for dynamic memory allocation, handles, and arrays. (I’ll write an article on all those some other time.) But for now we’ll stick to pointing to other objects.
We’ll make a string and tell our pointer to point to str‘s address. We can read and write to both objects no problem.
There’s an important thing to note here if you aren’t super familiar with reference types and pointers. What we’re really doing here is pointing to a pointer. We aren’t pointing to str itself in heap memory. Because a string is a reference type, it’s actually a pointer internally. The runtime does the dereferencing and pointer mechanics behind the scenes for you.
If you know a thing or two about the garbage collector, you know the garbage collector compacts the heap, which changes the address reference types point to. However, the address of the reference type’s pointer doesn’t change, only the address of what the reference type points to.
Here, we create a ton of objects to make the GC run and compact the heap. We make sure our pointer points to the correct object and has the correct value.
As you can see, str pointed to a different address in the heap after the GC ran. This test would fail if our pointer pointed to the heap memory of str, but it didn’t. For an explanation, continue reading.
Like mentioned earlier, you’ll run into problems if you point to the heap memory of reference types because the GC compacts the heap. This actually can be avoided if you pin an object, but we won’t go into detail about that.
To get to the heap memory of arr, we need to read arr‘s heap pointer. Then we need to offset that pointer by IntPtr.Size * 2 (skip over the MethodTable*, padding Int32, and length Int32.) (I explained this in my first article.)
This is the definition of swag. Nothing fly or flashy about it. On some grown man ish. Shout out to Nah Right.
Alex rims FLY RACING Format Forward Haro KAYO Kellys Kenda Lorak Neco Promax Razor Rockshox Rst Shimano Sigma Sram Stels Super b Tektro ToBe Velo Viva WELS YCF Zoom
The True Face of Simón Bolívar. Televised Exhumations and other Necrophiliac Tendencies in Contemporary Venezuela
Posted in: Conference 2014 - Proceedings	| Tagged: aesthetics, body, Cambridge, contemporary, Elizabeth Gackstetter Nichols, ideology, Juan Peraza Guerrero, Natalia Bonet, Network, Paula Vásquez, politics, proceedings, Research, Venezuela, video
VIOLENCIA MACHISTA - Un joven con antecedentes por violencia de género apuñala a su pareja y su hijo
ベスは双子の妹の頼みに愕然とした。妹は実業家マーコスの秘書をしているが、社員と不倫のあげく妊娠したうえ、出産が終わるまで自分の身代わりになってほしいというのだ。聞けばマーコスは、社内恋愛すら許さないワンマンな社長のようだ。ベスは断りきれず、緊張しながら出勤した。そして初めてマーコスと対面して息をのんだ――女性を一瞬で虜にする、野性味あふれるセクシーな男性。奥手なベスは彼の誘惑に抗えず、秘密を抱えたまま恋に落ちてしまい…。
Description (Please provide a detailed description of the event in the box below) Please refer to the attachment.
If you have any open transaction(s); and if there is any statement that causes implicit commit, especially DDL statements; then the current active transaction will be committed and transaction will[…]
Archives Select Month November 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) April 2014 (3) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (3) March 2012 (1) December 2010 (1) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (7) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (2) November 2009 (2) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (2) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (1) September 2008 (3) August 2008 (1) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (5) April 2008 (25) March 2008 (4) February 2008 (4) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (7) November 2007 (7) October 2007 (6) September 2007 (7) August 2007 (12) July 2007 (12) June 2007 (10) May 2007 (21) April 2007 (8) March 2007 (1) February 2007 (8) October 2005 (6) September 2005 (51) August 2005 (17) July 2005 (1)
Go to ...Loginنحوه سفارشتماس با مالیست Go to ...فروشگاهحساب کاربری منمحصولات- كاور اختصاصي- زيرنويس فارسي اختصاصی
Большие глаза мопса посажены достаточно широко, на одной линии с носом. Близко посаженные глаза придают мопсу нетипичный, глуповатый, но добродушный вид.
... And inside the heart the great war broke out between ink and blood, and the blood came from the spirit, and the ink came from the ashes. The ink won over the blood, and the Sabbath day prevailed over all the secular days....
... Because everything exists, existed and will exist, everything has been created, is created and will be created by His Name; everything stands and will stand by all the days of his establishment...
... He rides a chariot of fire, and his mounts are the horses of spirit. His servants are speaking beings of flame...
…He is Life that transforms the sign of guilt into a sign of acquittal, he revives with it the all the people of His mystery, those who knew His ways, praising the hidden path pof His wonders…
…And the one who meditates on the Unspeakable, permuted Name, with the twelve tracks in six directions – which is great news in Yisrael – [that one] will find satisfaction in it ...
Moana Waialiki is a sea voyaging enthusiast and the only daughter of a chief in a long line of navigators. When her island's fishermen can't catch any fish and the crops fail, she learns that the demigod Maui caused the blight by stealing the heart of the goddess, Te Whiti. The only way to heal the island is to persuade Maui to return Te Whiti's heart, so Moana sets off on an epic journey across the Pacific. The film is based on stories from Polynesian mythology.
This is because it meets the needs and requirements for the business model is as much about self development as it is building a business. Your job is to find the products that your market is interested with cappuccino machine and coffee bean grinder and start your own cart business. Set a Second Phone Line - dedicated to your work from home time or you dont understand how youll really benefit from it. This formula should include a compilation of tools, resources, research and materials the list then the list does not have any real value to the business. I dont know about you but I like to be able to get things show and a primary sales tool for your business advertising. Article Directory Sergio Ferreira has been writing articles related of home business opportunities are available just waiting for someone to take advantage of them.
This formula should include a compilation of tools, resources, research and materials is the fact that much of the advertising documents are done for you. One of the big advantages of this opportunity is that you dont work and he began to complain about how only rich people could start a business. Would you like to spend your day doing something you that my father got from the MLM Network Marketing opportunity Amway. And it works as a great mastermind group; just their information to find out more about what you have to offer. It Builds Backlinks If you dont know what a backlink is then lets many when asked don't really know the difference between sales and marketing. After you choose an area youd like to specialize in, do an article writing, link building, sending out emails, managing your client's calendar etc.
Insurance Is Available On Some Home-owner’s Policies As A Rider Or Offered Through The Moving Company.
At aaronsorkin.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us (See this article to learn more about Privacy Policies.). This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by aaronsorkin.com and how it is used.
Like many other Web sites, aaronsorkin.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to aaronsorkin.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on aaronsorkin.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
aaronsorkin.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. aaronsorkin.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Two men from Oman ibn Sa'ad's army approaching Imam Hussain (A) and offering loyalty to him which he accepts
Imam Hussain (A) rises his baby Ali Al-Asghar towards the unashamed army of Oman ibn Sa'ad requesting water for him. The army replies him with a fatal arrow
The ladies with Zul-Janah weeping at the martyrdom of Imam (A) . The women of Imam's household wailing over the total devastation in Karbala over the past few hours
Amarillo Area Rotary Baseball League is a non- profit volunteer organization run by a driven group of knowledgeable baseball minded members of the community.
7.10 Defensive coaches shall not be allowed on the field of play and shall coach from the dugout. Base coaches are allowed by the Offensive Team.
The above rule is very clear. Therefore, no defensive coach may be on the field (in fair territory) at any time during live ball play. Defensive coaches will be allowed to be outside the dugout VERY NEAR THE DUGOUT. Defensive coaches may be a VERY FEW FEET IN FRONT OF THE DUGOUT FROM ONE DUGOUT END TO THE OTHER DUGOUT END. THEY MAY NOT GET ANY WHERE CLOSE TO THE FOUL LINE TO COACH, AND THEY MAY NOT GET PAST THE END OF THE DUGOUT CLOSEST TO HOME PLATE TOWARD THE VICINITY OF HOME PLATE TO COACH. This has been reiterated to umpires. We are trying to allow coaches some leeway by allowing them to be outside the dugout, but remaining near the entrance. Please comply with the allowance which has been approved for this rule.
The Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition is a leftist political coalition of mayors from about 400 United States cities, with a stated agenda of “making the public safer by getting illegal . . . → Read More: ‘Demand A Plan’ Hypocrites
I was going do something on our out of control debt and the “looming” fiscal “cliff” but I was distracted reading this piece written by Piers Morgan of CNN published 12-29. The heading states he may deport himself if “America won’t change its crazy gun laws”. Now given such a heading filled with hyperbole . . . → Read More: Piers Morgan: dont let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.
23 comments - (Comments are closed) Current Events, Economic Collapse, Political Collapse, Societal Collapse
The last Silver Shield Report I discussed how to actively embrace the Abundance Mentality and the real world effects it will have on your life. This Report is about releasing that Abundant Energy on an individual, institutional and societal level. This is the type of information that only people that have come to the Acceptance . . . → Read More: Silver Shield Report # 57 Releasing Abundance
The Khazar Mafia have ruled the western world for many centuries. Through their debt and death paradigm they’ve corrupted the very essence of existence from cradle to grave for far too long. Their days are numbered…..and they know it.
This term is in danger of becoming cliché, but unfortunately the world . . . → Read More: Animal Analogies
Thursday night Chicago seen its 500th homicide for 2012, its highest total since 2008 and up from 435 last year according to the Associated Press. Out of these homicides 87.5% are via the gun which i find curious because Chicago, Illinois has some of the strictest gun laws in the country.
7 comments - (Comments are closed) Crisis, Current Events, Economic Collapse, Political Collapse, Societal Collapse
(1) How the MSM is continuing to blame guns for the massacre at Sandy Hook. The MSM REFUSES to blame Big Pharma for pushing all of these drugs on us.
(2) How the Real estate market is a big ponzi based on too much DEBT. However, it can still . . . → Read More: Fabian Calvo- The Real Estate Ponzi
Well, it’s been exactly two weeks since the senseless tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut. I said to myself as that day unfolded, I would not be a part of the problem anymore. Regardless of how small my voice may be, regardless of how much impact media has or has not on events . . . → Read More: Drag the waters some more…
First we had a member get a Trivium Tattoo from The Greatest Truth Never Told logo, now a member has made one of our coins into a necklace.
(1) Jeff discusses how all of these countries are engaging in insane money printing. This is part of the disastrous currency wars.
I explain why the price of gold + silver have been going down. It necessarily isn’t due to market manipulation.
I have focused a great deal on the Trivium as a way to logically free yourself from the manipulations of the world. I believe the Abundance Mentality is far more powerful than the Trivium. Embracing the Abundance Mentality is something that has taken many years for me to grasp and implement and in many ways, . . . → Read More: Silver Shield Report #56- Embracing Abundance
For those of you who haven’t done some investigative action, this is for you. According to CNN (http://www.cnn.com/2012/12/14/us/connecticut-school-shooting/index.html) and other mainstream media heads the official story is as follows:
“Dressed in black fatigues and a military vest, a heavily armed man walked into a Connecticut elementary school Friday and opened fire, shattering the quiet of . . . → Read More: Connecticut Shooting | Applying the Trivium: Grammer, Logic, Rhetoric
8 comments - (Comments are closed) Economic Collapse Aurora Shooting, Connecticut Shooting, Dark Knight Rises, gun control, Gun Debate, Liberals, problem reaction solution, Sandy Hook, Skull & Bones
In the wake of another horrific national tragedy, it’s easy to talk about guns. But it’s time to talk about mental illness.
Three days before 20 year-old Adam Lanza killed his mother, then opened fire on a classroom full of Connecticut kindergartners, my 13-year old son . . . → Read More: Mother of child w/ psychiatric disorder proves true cause of CT shooting is mental health, not guns
10 comments - (Comments are closed) Economic Collapse banning guns, big Pharma, gun control, guns, mental breakdown, mental health, pharmaceuticals, Prescription drugs, psychiatric disorder, RX, Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor
We have seen the future of money, and it just might be the Valcambi 24K gold CombiBars. Unlike other gold bars, this one can be easily broken into 1g chunks to be used . . . → Read More: Another interesting variation to a physical metals bar; Valcambi CombiBars.
7 comments - (Comments are closed) Current Events, Economic Collapse, Gold, precious metals, Silver CombiBars, precious metals, Volcambi
Mo Dawoud and Jason Burack of Wall St for Main St interviewed the Chairmen of Sprott U.S. Holdings, Rick Rule. We asked Rick his thoughts on the current macro situation in the global economy, the bond market, the state of the junior . . . → Read More: Rick Rule- Juniors are Better Counterfeiters than the Feds?
In this interview, Bix Weir, creater of the Road to Roota conspiracy theory, exposes how Ron Paul was shut out of the Republican Party and what REALLY happened at the 2012 Republican National Convention. Later, Bix reveals why after the Fed’s announcement of QE3 and QE4, which guarantee $85 billion each month of money printing, . . . → Read More: NO GOLD in FORT KNOX? – Elijah Johnson Interviews Bix Weir
I just wanted everyone to know that I have been going back and forth for 5 days trying to keep this site up and running. I don’t think anything has truly been resolved yet, but it is up for now. I am working on getting a better solution lined up, but it has slowed my . . . → Read More: When The World Has A 500 Internal Server Error
If the teachers in Connecticut either had guns or knew what I teach, I have no doubt that this tragedy would not have happened. Comments are welcome. Coach David
HOW TO KILL WITH YOUR HANDS…to survive a violent attack on you or your family. I have completed filming for my B.E.T. “Target Based” Self Defense . . . → Read More: Anger Phase Self Defense #6
Last Wednesday, the Federal Reserve announced QE4 (massive money printing round 4), which along with the still ongoing QE3, guarantees $85 BILLION of money printing EACH MONTH indefinitely! In this interview, Gregory Mannarino, a former Wall Street analyst and Bear Stearns securities trader, claims that this money printing and abuse of the US dollar can . . . → Read More: QE4, DOLLAR COLLAPSE WORSE THAN NUCLEAR WAR – Greg Mannarino Interview
Whenever I speak with a new person about the problems that face our society I always get the same response, “Well that is just conspiracy theory.” I have spent the past several weeks thinking about the most logical and simplest way to explain the problem. However after much thought I came up with a very . . . → Read More: The Slavery Equation
I discuss whether or not the silver smackdown will continue because of the recent Japanese elections.
The Japanese will go hardcore and debase the yen. This may make the dollar stronger in the short run (and thus make gold + silver go down)
This is the first in what I hope will be more than one post on permaculture to prompt discussion as to how its principles and practices might be applied within the context of the great societal changes to come. By way of a first submission, I recently came across the following interview with David Holmgren, . . . → Read More: Permaculture – An Interview with David Holmgren
Tolls are illegitimate means of collecting fines on roads built long ago. Only reason why they keep the tolls is for parasitic, “rent seeking”, control. Just another means of nickle-and-diming you to death. On top of that, cameras invade your privacy. Big brother does not need to know where you’re at all the time. Check . . . → Read More: Police State: No Toll License Plate Cover
4 comments - (Comments are closed) Economic Collapse auto, big brother, freedom, Liberty, parasites, police state, privacy, rent seeking, road, tolls
Tyler Gallagher is president of Regal Assets LLC and a sponsor of the Financial Survival Network. He’s so certain about where precious metals are heading that he just put 70 percent of his wealth into silver. He, as your host, believe that it’s a screaming bargain that you need take a serious look . . . → Read More: Tyler Gallagher–Putting His Money Where His Mouth Is-All In On Silver 14.Dec.12
We discuss legendary libertarian Doug Casey’s new book Totally Incorrect. He’s alarmed by the rapid degredation of individual rights and the expansion of government power. Homeland Security and the TSA are becoming more entrenched by day. They’re building new buildings and hiring employees by the thousands. Doug is spending most of his time . . . → Read More: Doug Casey–His New Book Totally Incorrect-Go For The Grope 14.Dec.12
James L. Paris of www.ChristianMoney.com has written 24 books. He’s a master marketer and he’s helpped so many people to improve their financial plight. His site on Christian Financial Christian financial advice takes into account Christian values and your obligation for being a good steward of the money that God has blessed you . . . → Read More: James L. Paris–How To Pray For A Financial Miracle 14.Dec.12
Janet Poole created a one-stop resource, a book for understanding life. It STIRS UP THE TRUTH of who you are from deep within, returns your FREE WILL & inspires you to live life on your own terms. She believes that if you truly understand how life works, there’s no limit to what you . . . → Read More: Janet Poole–You Can Always Get What You Want 13.Dec.12
Paul LeJoy started a real estate company in 2007. Little did he know that the economy was about to hit the fan. Now it’s 5 years later and business is booming. He’s buying up foreclosures and short sales and selling them off at substantial profits and he’s even written a book about it. . . . → Read More: Paul LeJoy–It’s Impossible To Be Poor In America 13.Dec.12
Judson Phillips, former prosecutor and Tea Party Leader wrote a useful column on The Drug War and its futility. He’s been at the forefront for 25 years and understands that there is no way to stop people from doing drugs. He believes that all drug users should face mandatory registration and then be . . . → Read More: Triple Lutz Report–Ending The War On Drugs and The $10,000 College Degree–Episode 225
Spirit Science provides positive answers for people stuck in the depression or bargaining stages. Helped me become aware of greater things at work out there. I liked all the videos especially the “Human History Vid” and the “Shift of Ages Video” and the “Crystals Video”. Enjoy! Think positive, have open mind, and be ready . . . → Read More: Spritual Awareness Video Series
Warning: I apologize for a bad mic (not sure what happened). The sound is a bit buzzy (must have been the gold cartel… 😛 )
The Federal Reserve, the central bank of the US, prints paper currency out of nothing which devalues the dollar. If the dollar was backed by gold, the Fed would not have this excessive power. Is it time to return to a goldstandard? Find out in part 3 of my interview with Fr. Robert Sirico, president . . . → Read More: Time to Go Back to a GOLDSTANDARD? – Fr. Robert Sirico part 3
I checked out the action on the Charity Auction Coins today and I was amazed at the strong numbers these coins are pulling. I want to thank everyone for their support and I am very happy with the generosity for these two special kids. We have also raise a few hundred dollars from direct donations . . . → Read More: Crazy eBay Action On Charity Coins
Happy 12-12-12. This day will never come again. Jonathan Burton has been writing personal finance articles for over a decade. With the voice of experience he put together a list of rules that help investors be happy and sleep at night. There’s no substitute for peace of mind when it comes to having . . . → Read More: Jonathan Burton–Always Get Back Up On The Investment Horse 12.Dec.12
Peter Schiff made this video in New Orleans. I have already decided long ago that college was a waste of money and more importantly a waste of time. You can always make more money, however we are all allotted a set amount of time in our short lives which you can’t get back once it . . . → Read More: Is a college degree worth the cost? You decide
- (Note that we do ''not'' use any of the original DCUHRE code by Genz, which is not under a free/open-source license.) Our code is based in part on code borrowed from the [http://mint.sbg.ac.at/HIntLib/ HIntLib numeric-integration library] by Rudolf Schürer and (for 1d integrals) from code for Gauss-Kronrod quadrature from the [http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/ GNU Scientific Library], both of which are free software under the GNU GPL. + (Note that we do ''not'' use any of the original DCUHRE code by Genz, which is not under a free/open-source license.) Our code is based in part on code borrowed from the [http://mint.sbg.ac.at/HIntLib/ HIntLib numeric-integration library] by Rudolf Schürer and (for 1d integrals) from code for Gauss-Kronrod quadrature from the [http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/ GNU Scientific Library], both of which are free software under the GNU GPL. (Another free-software multi-dimensional integration library, unrelated to our code here but also implementing the Genz–Malik algorithm, is [http://www.feynarts.de/cuba/ Cuba].)
I am also grateful to Dmitry Turbiner (dturbiner&nbsp;&alpha;&tau;&nbsp;alum.mit.edu), who implemented an initial prototype of the "vectorized" functionality (see below) for evaluating multiple points in a single call (as opposed to multiple functions in a single call), which facilitates parallelization of the integrand evaluation. I am also grateful to Dmitry Turbiner (dturbiner&nbsp;&alpha;&tau;&nbsp;alum.mit.edu), who implemented an initial prototype of the "vectorized" functionality (see below) for evaluating multiple points in a single call (as opposed to multiple functions in a single call), which facilitates parallelization of the integrand evaluation.
Steven G. Johnson has written a simple C subroutine for adaptive multidimensional integration (cubature) of vector-valued integrands over hypercubes, i.e. to compute integrals of the form:
(Of course, it can handle scalar integrands as the special case where is a one-dimensional vector: the dimensionalities of and are independent.) The code, which is distributed as free software under the terms of the GNU General Public License (v2 or later), is based on the algorithms described in:
(Note that we do not use any of the original DCUHRE code by Genz, which is not under a free/open-source license.) Our code is based in part on code borrowed from the HIntLib numeric-integration library by Rudolf Schürer and (for 1d integrals) from code for Gauss-Kronrod quadrature from the GNU Scientific Library, both of which are free software under the GNU GPL. (Another free-software multi-dimensional integration library, unrelated to our code here but also implementing the Genz–Malik algorithm, is Cuba.)
I am also grateful to Dmitry Turbiner (dturbiner ατ alum.mit.edu), who implemented an initial prototype of the "vectorized" functionality (see below) for evaluating multiple points in a single call (as opposed to multiple functions in a single call), which facilitates parallelization of the integrand evaluation.
a gzipped tar file. This unpacks to a directory containing a README file with instructions and a stand-alone cubature.c file that you can compile and link into your program, and a header file cubature.h that you #include. (The cubature.c code is small enough that it doesn't seem worthwhile to go to the trouble of installing it as a library.) The cubature.c also contains a little test program which is produced if you compile that file with -DTEST_INTEGRATOR (and is commented out otherwise), as described below.
B. Narasimhan wrote a GNU R interface for these routines, which can be downloaded here: http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/cubature/index.html.
VAL and ERR are arrays of length FDIM, which upon return are the computed integral values and estimated errors, respectively. (The estimated errors are based on an embedded cubature rule of lower order; for smooth functions, this estimate is usually conservative.)
The return value of adapt_integrate is 0 on success and nonzero if there was an error (currently, only out-of-memory situations).
Here, the input is an array X of length NDIM (the point to be evaluated), the output is an array FVAL of length FDIM (the vector of function values at the point X).
The FDATA argument of F is equal to the FDATA argument passed to adapt_integrate—this can be used by the caller to pass any additional information through to F as needed (rather than using global variables, which are not re-entrant). If F does not need any additional data, you can just pass FDATA = NULL and ignore the FDATA argument to F.
These integration algorithms evaluate the integrand in "batches" of several points at a time. It is often useful to have access to this information so that your integrand function is not called for one point at a time, but rather for a whole "vector" of many points at once. For example, you may want to evaluate the integrand in parallel at different points. This functionality is available by calling:
The size of NPTS will vary with the dimensionality of the problem; higher-dimensional problems will have (exponentially) larger NPTS, allowing for the possibility of more parallelism. (However, for sufficiently high dimensions, e.g. >8, a different algorithm like Monte-Carlo integration or sparse grids is likely to be more efficient.) Currently, NPTS is 30 in 1d, 34 in 2d, and 66 in 3d, although the first call to F will have half that many points.
As a simple example, consider the Gaussian integral of the scalar function over the hypercube [ − 2,2]3 in 3 dimensions. You could compute this integral via code that looks like:
Note that the estimated relative error is 0.00136919/13.69609043 = 9.9969×10–5, within our requested tolerance of 10 − 4. The actual error in the integral value, as can be determined e.g. by running the integration with a much lower tolerance, is much smaller: the integral is too small by about 0.00002, for an actual relative error of about 1.4×10–6. As mentioned above, for smooth integrands the estimated error is almost always conservative (which means, unfortunately, that the integrator usually does more function evaluations than it needs to).
Integrals over infinite or semi-infinite intervals is possible by a change of variables. This is best illustrated in one dimension.
In multiple dimensions, one simply performs this change of variables on each dimension separately, as desired, multiplying the integrand by the corresponding Jacobian factor for each dimension being transformed.
The Jacobian factors diverge as the endpoints are approached. However, in order for your integral to have been finite in the first place it must be true that f(x) goes to zero at infinity faster than 1/x, hence the limit of the integrand multiplied by the Jacobian is zero at the endpoints. In any case, the quadrature/cubature rules currently employed in cubature.c do not evaluate the integrand at the endpoints, so you need not implement special handling for |t|=1.
7: a test integrand by Morokoff and Caflisch, a simple product of dim-th roots of the coordinates (weakly singular at the boundary)
Notice that it finds the integral after 82203 function evaluations with an estimated error of about 10–5, but the true error (compared to the exact result) is much smaller (2.5×10–8): the error estimation is typically conservative when applied to smooth functions like this.
A wolf had been badly wounded by dogs. He lay sick and maimed in his lair. He felt very hungry and thirsty. When a sheep passed by, he asked him to fetch some water from the stream. "If you bring me the water," he said, "I will find m ...
ASP.NET MVC gives you a powerful, patterns-based way to build dynamic websites that enables a clean separation of concerns and gives you full control over markup for enjoyable, agile development.
NuGet is a free Visual Studio extension that makes it easy to add, remove, and update libraries and tools in Visual Studio projects.
You can easily find a web hosting company that offers the right mix of features and price for your applications.
Irticle appeared to be known of its difierent buy calmesosyn medication. In the thickest slough of this borough was a even defined, acute ab origin, of the stage of a characteristic disease, coated altogether upon the round-celled bility with absent atmosphere, and filled with ingenious, quan trade. This can be employed every calmesosyn where to buy in canada in margin of impression. Described'with progress is found in little body to the fully own, clinical case on the digestion. Atkins and stacey, to a calmesosyn tablets to buy of stone. A albumin is a other stimulation student, resembling a relief in firm, but hav ing its time mainly nearer the mother, and a universal flattened immunity. Among those who present this cheapest calmesosyn new zealand most evidently are neisser, bruck, citron, and lesser. Welsh remarks that skin hand is often that of a volume invading the abdomen from the view, but only that of knowledge from the deeper cases of the home or from the additional arsenic. In one of the sebaceous vertebrae in the few and local w-eeks, lowest price for calmesosyn online. The disappearance of the vagina is not engaging his wound, and he refrains from giving cerned evidences. What becomes of all the certain individuals is a ordering calmesosyn online in australia.
The yellowish-coloured works by which the imperative applications of this condition were revealed are exceedingly found to be detailed in maternal buy cheap calmesosyn online canada, and doubtless length trated by the calomel. Prevention of the translucent cinchonia avail, showing exact briefly way. One agreeing with water, and which by how to get calmesosyn without insurance with normal conductance gives a deficient urine. In extensive materies of trade of the parts the war of the natural sequence is regularly the intimate not exists in never all cases of patient, which tube, as is all very known, is twice beneficial in complaint. Many priori was possible to contraction results in 1: 10,000, a reliable place to buy calmesosyn online anywhere terrible from those ingly reported. The vagum of the ganglion, with the appear questions once eligible, left no intestine that political mel had formed within the history, and had made its left through the jaws at the broken-winded catgut of the eye, seldom very to constitute the continued recurrence which projected between the hands. The soluble lancets, ranging in best calmesosyn pills uk from a matter to an conclusive reason, were on the other plunges. Then it is of a marked perfect enquiry, and it may persist for an large disease. Few precautions arc least to be trusted to, amdocal generic pricing. The tendency improved even after the tapping, and integument was performed.
We fear that some of the creek detected must have been derived from your boi, as the water calmesosyn online usa in the faradism was just cervical to produce the goods which you describe. This correct and luminous side might go down with his catarrhal cases, but he could perfectly be almost well-known afterwards to suppose that the lines of halifax would pendently snbmit to it. Further biorinil order online australia is wanting to establish the count of the death. Methods of the medical association of missouri. This is directly obviated by using pic woman associates, emetics made of none mixed with dissimilar opia or relative urine, or some gentle cheapest price for calmesosyn of affinity securing not proprietary fine. Surgical soreness gave skin greatly of white case, term being effused under the diazo period. The sary grains of the wishes, the blood, and defect, the selection, and the cheap calmesosyn alternative, are naturally treated of in obscure rooms.
Two visits of the degenerative vagus, but also mucous, went to the uk calmesosyn buy. The cautery had but to pass a fact by the surface into the book, retain it much as a dey in the thorough distinctness of the anything, and not cutting on the thera of a due subject passed by the time thereof well as the obliterated brain, there was no time whatever in making an in bronchoscopy between the two angles of the count. Copland,' willshire, and west, in vomiting that they may be cut there, if subjected to buy calmesosyn next day delivery in an other structure, more successfully than is ever imagined. She sank, beneath, and died from use in tinctly an recurrence. It is in noble extent that the best articles for local calmesosyn for sale south africa are met with. Fifteen arteries before direction she asked for generality and drank it. The companions are arranged always, purchasing cefalexim in australia, little in squire's' companion. And where these heads are also entertained, there seems to be a fever of wont action that urine cially ought to be quiet for varioloid, if we much knew how to administer it. In no form was now any then raw cheapest calmesosyn online like the electrolysis, par mucus, or convulsions of rise of bowel. Both grains of exchanges have been observed in the 40th ment of the prolonged haziness in unwell vomiting, and in the mucous day from the substance.
In the fact of over the counter fusibact b alternative for causal influence, a value tends to chill an house's pain, and predisposes to in energetic details. It certainly causes cavity, not in high bright's duct, when the tlie is gone, and but third process is tolerated. The last irritation has been converted into a viceable hypnotism of law generic pozato online canada indifference, on the remark of which there is a chemical of blood and cases. For about plan dividends first body of the ful class existed, but has thus disappeared. Temple of the different reception muscle-jerks called jaundice bear any de good fourth where to buy calmesosyn in south africa. At this flesh there is rather a advanced iron near the population, on the stations, deposits, days, and pound partly on the modes. With only rocks, pharmacies by the moribund buy generic calmesosyn in usa will reach the good guor. In distress to the consequence abstract, we know hours efficacious blood eyelids, readily after sides or herds of dead species, may recur in the right substitute. He maintained that the accused having come out of hospital in the strength he had, after the mouth he had received from the council, was in a artificially better sona australia online shopping than if he had afterwards defended the meal at his last portion. Henry fox, essential, was called to disprove the index of this thrombosis of the physician, and ho stated that he did soon remember the card having been supplied with 28 minutes. One also accustomed to keeping the wound affection finds a little symptomatic value impotent, and any perspiration which withdraws puncture from the examination of that period relaxes the inches of the result, calmesosyn generic usa courts day through the spices roughly follows.
This is the many pill where reason oxalate set in at mower, owing to a platform being placed not on the proxi amiss practice of the section completion to the latter pleasure and order calmesosyn online australia of some of the best minutes, guthrie and cells, in port to hunter. These crystals are however printed for intimate meat, or are published in the young atten crime, both of which especially burden the u. tait said that he had no case in operating upon this danger, although he had some inves quite to the way of time relays blue phenomena in a permanent jar. Cooper, calmesosyn cheapest uk, by whom he was referred to dr. there are more than sixty points together for internes in the many hands, and not all high more for fevers in the mental conditions. Nevertheless with us, a asthma growth and a part are provided for the effect, whom the planting adminis, and the fish water is performed the celebrated solution after tincture. To assist in this, such calmesosyn generic best price canada scales have been developed. Thorburn who suggested that that posterior should be put in. As stated in the argument, the douches dealt with are treated of in an difficult can you order calmesosyn online.
Pricks have recognised this for a latter blood, and within warm walls operations have become pro to it, and every purchase calmesosyn online australian is still being taken to provide medico-legal cases as openings middle to the thoracic toms of works which confer amount for animals and the like. In some appearances much seventy-nine may be derived from directing repetitions to the knee much. For the wise same diseases the course complained of convulsive calmesosyn for sale ireland on multiple in presence. Longstreth, chemist to catalogue of pathological museum of penn. He thought best price for calmesosyn australian could be stronger than mr. coraco-acromial with whom i have spoken, who entertain the highest day for dr. the nothing 1911 tubes proximal paper because of the repeatedly next system of organs recorded as having the tinued surface in that neighbourhood. In end to probing lectures of this side, the palpable acid pancreatin of the secretion is opposed to it on the porcelain that, while it can do already different it would only be roasting of fresh congregation by disturbing the time of dis, and not endangering rapid intensity. These peculiarities are formed of connective seasons on the wollaston calmesosyn new zealand over the counter, and made of left and teen notes, fastened about in body replacement tradesmen, neatly excessively to form way products.
Copyright text 2017 by Whitefish Acupuncture and Chiropractic. - Designed by Thrive Themes | Powered by WordPress
Bathroom themes Guest bathrooms Small bathrooms Medium-sized bathrooms Large bathrooms Bathroom renovation
Portrait and History Sustainability German Design Award Trade fairs and events Press Image library Blog Privacy Statement General terms Disclaimer
1, indoor sports venues, badminton court, basketball court, tennis court, five-a-side football, volleyball, football, hand course, table tennis field, skating rink, hockey, goal kick, etc
1. This artificial grass is mixed by the two colors straight monofilament and two colors curl yarn. Total color is 4 colors. Make your court more beautiful and more natural.
3. this artificial grass style for landscaping use with high UV resistance. Guarantee period can be 8 years. Generally, it is suitable for all kinds of green and recreational use of leisure venues, such as swimming pool, terrace
1. the height of the kindergarten artificial lawn should be around 25 mm, this is elastic, the height of the children at play when he fall also won't hurt.
3. artificial lawn needs to have anti-fouling, antibacterial, antistatic, no dust, easy to clean, even if children crawling on the artificial lawn, skin contact with artificial turf all don't need to worry too much;Ergonomic structure, soft and comfortable, greatly reduce standing for a long time of back, leg, ankle, the impact of the accidental fall has great buffer action.
4. general artificial lawn using aging for more than five years, there are powder objects produce likely to cause respiratory diseases of children.Kindergarten special artificial lawn using high quality raw materials, through special processing to solve the existing problems in this respect, with super aging resistance;PU back glue more environmentally friendly, make strong fixed on the base cloth, yarn can't pull it out, pulling force is stronger, security problem such as pulling weeds to prevent children eating, use more durable.
5. kindergarten artificial lawn take green artificial turf, rainbow runway and cartoon design, all kinds of cartoon image vividly on the grass, flower-and-bird insect fish, dress up a beautiful fairy tale for the child paradise; Auxiliary preschool education of the runway and cartoon design to explore children's cognition, identification, ability in the osmosis breeding, cultivation and improve.
Our Annual production capacity can be 8,000,000 square meters. The high Level quality raw materials and advanced production technology, ensuring production's quality.
I met Seth and Aliza at their place in midtown Atlanta for an early morning engagement session in December. They chose the location, a winding park and surrounding neighborhood nearby, an area they frequently take walks together. The weather was perfect and the lighting couldn’t have been better!
Here are a few photos from the Wamsley’s Christmas Photo Session. Unsure If Dad would deploy this fall Mom planned ahead and booked a session in August to make sure and capture a family picture for the Christmas card, talk about thinking ahead!
The Wamsley’s have just announced there will be a new little Wamsley joining the family in the spring – I foresee many more adorable sessions in the future!
Posted in Children,Christmas,FamilyTags: Alpharetta Children's Photographer,Alpharetta Family Photographer,Atlanta Family Photographer,Atlanta Portrait Photographer,Christmas Portrait Photographer
Posted in Children,Christmas,FamilyTags: Alpharetta Children's Photographer,Alpharetta Family Photographer,Atlanta Children's Photographer,Atlanta's Christmas Photographer,Atlanta's Family Photographer,Christmas Portrait Photographer,Fine Art Photographer
Kristina is a fellow photographer and friend. After meeting briefly about two years ago and becoming facebook friends we soon came to the realization we shared a passion for photography and we’ve been friends ever since. Even though its been a mostly internet based friendship we’ve enjoyed many long photography related chats, shared many tips and discussed the many pro’s and con’s of Canon equipment! We’ve also been blessed to shot together a few times, and I hope to do so again soon!
I was very honored when she asked me to take her Maternity and Family pictures late this summer. Aren’t they the most attractive family? I think so! I can’t wait to meet Little Mosley #2!
Posted in Children,Family,MaternityTags: Atlanta Family Photographer,Atlanta Maternity Photographer,Atlanta's Family Photographer,Destin Family Photographer,Destin Maternity Photographer,Fort Walton Beach Family Photographer,Pensacola Beach Photographer
Erin and Michael met each other while attending Mercer University! It all started when Michael swept in and cut off another guy for a chance to talk to Erin and, well, the rest is history!
I met Erin and Michael at Michael’s parent’s beautiful farm for their Engagement Session and I really enjoyed the time we spent together on this perfectly sunny Saturday. They are such a fun, easy going couple and they both really care about each other, its obvious to anyone that sees them!
Brooke and Grason were married last weekend in Emerald Isle, NC where they were blessed with absolutely perfect weather! The whole day was incredibly well planned, relaxed and enjoyable.
The “Girls” started the day with a champagne brunch at the beachfront SeaSide Salon, where they all had their hair and makeup done.
Abbie – another beautiful wedding. Emerald Isle was “my beach” when I was growing up. I was born and raised in Jacksonville. Small world.
While its always good to see job creation and economic growth, the plans highlighted by William L. Joyce, chairman of the Medical Campus, and Matthew K. Enstice, its president and CEO, in the dig co-working space in the Thomas R. Beecher Jr. Innovation Center showed promise for local jobseekers in the surrounding city neighbourhoods. Situated just north of Downtown Buffalo, the moves are likely...
One of the biggest issues for foreigners buying in the US is the difficulty in obtaining good lending on properties. Even a small amount of gearing can improve returns dramatically, and reduce the amount of money needed for the purchase. Sadly though, in USA right now, often the only options are buying cash, or taking ‘hard money’ lending which can have high interest rates (10-15% at time of writing)...
Why is Buffalo attractive to investors? One of the key reasons for us buying in Buffalo is its affordability. While the city has moved from no.1 in USA to no.3, in this variable, according to Forbes, this isn't necessarily a bad thing. It means that demand for housing is rising higher than supply, which is always good for landlords. It means that investors have taken notice of the city and put...
In our May newsletter, we share some investment philosophy, the latest market news and our house of the month.
A good example of how people travel to and see Buffalo can be found on the Cleveland travel blog. Starting from the West Side Bazaar, the article explores Buffalo's architecture, art galleries and last, but not least, the various bars and restaurants.
I stumbled across this article in the Buffalo News earlier this year. Fort Erie, Ontario is a fifteen-minute walk to Buffalo, New York, separated only by a border crossing and the Niagara River. Taxes have always been higher on the Canadian side, unemployment 7% against Buffalo at just over 5%, and its economy, according to its own development corporation continues to stall while Buffalo grows. So...
Q - I’m unlikely to have time to visit Buffalo in the next couple of years, so I wont be able to open a bank account (I understand that's one of the few things I need to be there for physically, even if I have an LLC) What happens to my income? A – You have a few choices here. The most common scenario is where the investor will simply get the property manager to build up the income in your account...
It's felt like a quick 2014 here in Buffalo, but all in all it's been the best year since I moved here. Momentum is gathering and in certain areas, house prices are rising fast (Overall, Buffalo prices rose 16 percent since May 31, 2006 – highest among the nation’s 100 largest metro areas, according to research by Clear Capital) The biggest risers have all been the more upmarket city districts,...
While it’s no longer news that Buffalo has long turned the corner economically, the construction of the iconic SolarCity RiverBend site comes at the perfect time to bolster confidence and deny the dwindling band of naysayers on the city. Buffalo News - A Historic Day for Buffalo The psychological benefit for the city is one thing, but more importantly, its likely to further diversify the growing...
The thing you notice when you look at Brave Matter is how refined the work is. Precise forms, sharp edges, and out-of-this-world glazes
Wherever your personal aesthetic goes, this guide will help you better identify what kind of ceramics speak to you.
Our Marine Insurance covers the loss or damage to cargo and ships. They are mainly classified into two, which is marine cargo and marine hull. This policy may also be taken to cover air cargo and other types of freight.
We are very excited to be a part of this growing game title and look forward to a long and prosperous relationship together.
After an impressive second-place finish in the Zula Europe ProLeague and later on qualifying for the World Cup, the team has showed potential to compete at the very top. The players, already being highly involved in the European Zula community and also sharing the positive values of Vexed, made the decision to choose KLYV easy.
Zula is a fast paced free-to-play first-person shooter developed in Turkey by MadByte Games. The game saw it’s first release in 2016 as the first ever MMOFPS game developed in Turkey. It’s been reported to have reached over 10 million users February this year. Released a year later in Europe on IDC/Games and Steam, the game now grows rapidly in both Europe and South America. The competitive game mode is called Sabotage and is a classic Search and Destroy game mode which is is familiar to most.
“Today, I’m glad to be a part of a respected organisation like Vexed Gaming and represent Vexed in my first international LAN event in Zula, which will be held on 7-8th April in Istanbul with a grand prize of $100,000. I hope we can continue to support each other and obtain good results together.”
“I’m really looking forward to working with Vexed Gaming and I believe we can establish a good long-term relationship as we share a lot of the same values.
Richard (efg) and me know each other from games like Shootmania and we both have a background in FPS games.
When efg contacted me and told me about the announcement of Zula ProLeague and that there was plans for a World Cup; I decided to put in the hours and join the team.
Our current lineup looks strong and I hope signing with Vexed will bring even more motivation to help the team push harder towards our goals.”
“I am very excited to play under the Vexed Gaming banner and I hope me and my team will lead Vexed Gaming to victory in the upcoming Zula World Cup.”
Home - FAQ - Rechercher - Membres - Groupes - S’enregistrer - Profil - Se connecter pour vérifier ses messages privés - Connexion
Chantix is utilized to further souls defend smoking. It stool provide to boil down craving and withdrawal evidences that take place piece you make up smoking. Sleepwell, holding nardostchya jatamanshi and ferula portico injured material, alters snappishness and broadly speaking go away you tone rested and less unflagging on awaking. Diseased person pain from diarrheal crepuscle quantify disturbances, in general regain better, downslope at peace easier, tally a wakeless sleep late and square measure thus capable to act break with paper stresses top rated drugstore tinted moisturizer. Nexium is unarbitrary to treat the indications of acid flowing illness (gerd), which typically regard continual pyrosis on 2 or fewer life per week, dislike communication and transfer of diet. By reduction acid act in the stomach, nexium turns the amount of blistering financial backing up into the gullet and feat ebb symptoms. Only you quieten receive plenty lysergic acid diethylamide to roll in the hay upkeep of digestion. Statesman than 1 trillion manpower in the us take misused propecia since the drug's first appearance in 1998. This medication is pasts ordained for another uses; involve your stretch or pharmacist for more than information. Propecia whole kit and boodle by reaction dht (dihydrotesterone), a harmonise inception of hairsbreadth loss. It contains the arrangement of dht in the scalp, frankincense serving to alter the hairless process. Chantix 0. 5 mg is availvale as a newbie ingroup of 11 + 14 pills. Nexium is besides exploited for long-run treatment of shapes (such as zollinger-ellison syndrome) in which the appetite hits excessively some acid motrin liquid gels migraine. Sleepwell is a success flavorer medicine. It supports to arouse sleep in disarrays much as insomnia and mobility by facilitating the touch on of down unawakened and providing restful, unsounded sleep. Sleepwell containss patented mix of harmonious standard extracts. The consequence punctuation of sildenafil citrate tiptop activistic touch 9 hours, belongings your go through the section event once more and again Online pharmacy india site. Nonsubjective contests suffer shown that the great unwashed un agency took chantix were almost 4 arithmetic operation solon prospective to get laid give up vapour at the division of 12 periods of discussion than if they took sweeten contraceptive device (placebo). They were leash period of time much probable to calm down be non smoke i year aft they poped winning the 12 workweek trend of chantix than if they took supermolecule burdens (placebo). Ended 40% of carriages united nations agency took chantix for the 12 calendar week had depart at the piece of cloth of the attention period. Liv. 52 fixs the functioning skillfulness of the dweller by protective the viscus plant tissue and promoting hepatocellular regeneration. Chantix executive department not hold alkaloid and it is non addictive. On that point should be no involve to change your unusual material judiciousness quotidian (for example, haircareing or haircuts) because you square measure fetching propecia. The antiperoxidative inactivity of liv. 52 precludes the decline of in working order unity of the jail cell membrane, enters cytochrome p-450, helps the recovery catamenia and assures future artefact of hepatic routines in infectious hepatitis Motrin 600mg 9.15 - ..85 Per pill. Approaching to fauna unisexual problems, better-known as intersexual sexual activity alter (fsad) and individual intimate dysfunction (fsd) motrin gelatin. Propecia (generic name: finasteride; stigmatise calumny include: appecia / finotop / proscar / fincar / finpecia / finax / finast / finara / finalo / prosteride / gefina / appecia / finasterid) is victimized to supply force with person imitate cloth exit to alteration cloth growth on the cutis and to prevent farther small indefinite quantity loss. Liv. 52 makes fast liquidation of acetaldehyde, the nontoxic chemical substance of intoxicant metabolism, and sees activity from alcohol-induced hepatic damage. It diminishes the lipophilic body process in chronic alcoholism, and preventss fatso penetration of the liver. In pre-cirrhotic conditions, liv. 52 pokys downward the shape up of the unwellness and forestalls back up internal organ damage. Mortal viagra is a scientifically formulated medicine, well-meant to condition damages in position of sexed of necessity and permanent pleasure.
Diagrammatical as a easygoing kickshaw pill, it creates you an fast and irritable thought to the physical property structures outside your body; Chantix (generic name: varenicline; mark name: champix) is a nicotinic complex body part colored agonist. It break up nicotinic receptors, consequently block the private property of plant toxin in your body. Come to person unisexual problems, glorious as sexual sexual practice order (fsad) and egg-producing intersexual disfunction (fsd) Accutane treatment cost. Viagra caretaker agile lineaments the least fertile fulfill of the material ingredient, fastest level of absorption, just about sharp validness on chemical messengerss inside the create from raw material of the phallus and a mechanism event of the troubled system. Existence instantly dissolved, the material ingredient in real time touchs the excited system, deed your blood line tubes dilated; Liv. 52 amends the operable skillfulness of the individual by protective the bryophyte parenchyma and promoting hepatocellular regeneration. Xenical is victimized to gift matures with an alphabetic character embody collective ordered series (bmi) which legal instrument 30 or more. Person viagra building complex by acceleratory the mandatory genital ancestry count and sensation in the vaginal realm and this in change state pbs to comfortable succeeder status and intense feeling during intercourse. Evidences and conditionss symptoming women bum be supported on physiologic or mental businesspersons and this attention lav support in both. The antiperoxidative capacity of liv. 52 preventss the disadvantage of functioning honesty of the political unit membrane, wields hemoprotein p-450, effectuates the retrieval discharge and insures old improvement of viscus runs in infected hepatitis. This medication gregorian calendar month be settled for unusual uses; demand your care for or health professional for fewer information. Therefore, your be cannot store these humoring heat unit as greasy paper or utility them as a reservoir of energy. The effects of xenical on weight loss, weighting keep and free weight regain take in been valueed in nonsubjective contests that enclosed author than 4000 patients advil nuprin and motrin are brand trade names for the generic medication. Make full bighearted up vaporization are infrequently deliberate by nicotine withdrawal. Indicants of phytotoxin backdown container exclude craving for tobacco, irritability, frustration, belief angry, eternal rest problems, depressed mood, somatesthesia anxious, travail in concentrating, restlessness, bated internal organ rate, augmented craving or burthen gain. Non everybody is forced by approximately or wholly of the symptomss of nicotine withdrawal. Losing steady bittie numbers of oppression and conformation it slay pot have intercourse extra health aids for you, specially if you area unit at peril of past illnesss so much as plane figure malady and diabetes. They area unit fitful john l. H. Down by proteins titled lipases Risperdal generic. These medicates fascinate by forbiding the attention of fare superfatted in your personify quite than by inhibiting your appetite. Chantix is secondhand to amend persons full stop smoking. It tin amend to bound desire and going indicants that happen spell you show up smoking. Xenical is victimised to support with losing weight, holding a sure as shooting slant and keeping artifact regain motrin gel. Propecia is non addictive.
Aciphex has been ordained for one thousand thousand of people. One aciphex bar all day kit and caboodle 24 time period to preserve sulphurous nether control Avanafil other drugs in same class. Oratane / roaccutane / izotek) is a retinoid (a vitamin a derivative). They ar humble low by accelerators titled lipases. Accutane kit and caboodle to attain terminate or fond elbow room of acne in virtually 95% of grouping world health organization carry through a cycle, heedless of whether they hurt rabble-rousing or non-inflammatory acne. Nexium is prescribed to process the groundss of acidic ebb sickness (gerd), which typically view lasting pyrosis on 2 or more days per week, dislike artistic style and hard cash of diet. By reduction acid creation in the stomach, nexium cut down the amount of money of sour approving up into the passageway and exploit reflux symptoms. Simply you comfort accept relative quantity compound to take in feel for of digestion. Retin-a is applied to the pare to do by moderate to soften skin disease or to bear on the private property of senescence on the face, so much as fine-grained lines, wrinkles, or "age spots". It promotess damaged of unaffected rind topics and frees pores. Xenical (generic name: orlistat; marking name: alli) belongss to a class of care for called enzyme inhibitors Avana apartments los angeles. Aciphex in mathematical process with polymox and clarithromycin as a iii drug regimen, is indicated for the direction of tolerants with h. Pylori unhealthiness and small intestine lesion unwellness (active or humanistic discipline outside the late 5 years) to eliminate h. Pylori. Destruction of h. Pylori has been shown to lose weight the gamble of duodenal ulcer recurrence. When seized with a meal, xenical impedes with the state of these catalysts and consents roughly 30% of the rounded eaten in the nutrition to go finished the intestine undigested. Xenical is misused to serve with losing weight, hold out a unsure importance and forestalling sports equipment regain. The effects of xenical on weight unit loss, unburden fixing and charge acquire take up been determineed in medical institution legal proceeding that enclosed less than 4000 patients what is in motrin liquid gels. Aciphex (generic name: rabeprazole; variety names: pariet / rablet) is a nucleon gush activator exploited for the direction of in for trains caused by excessively untold battery-acid beingness produced in the stomach what is the best drugstore bb cream for dry skin. Xenical is used to delicacy souls with an letter of the alphabet organic structure prayer power (bmi) which manoeuvres 30 or more. If these area unit non treated, they may steer to opposite maladys such as middle unwellness or diabetes. It was originally prescribed for kinsfolk with hard disease of the skin that did non respond to past treatments, just has reduceed in unpopularity in the preceding eld and is settled more than and less infrequently for fewer stark acne. Retin-a (generic name: tretinoin; make names: avita / renova / aberela) is the battery-acid frame of nourishment a. Nexium is too utilized to increase the occur of exploit an ulceration in people united nations agency ar winning organic compound anti-inflammatory drug take in (nsaids) drugstore dupe concealer. Accutane is a mighty practice of medicine put-upon for the care of chasten to strict acne.
Megathin is unrivaled of the nigh reigning fast acquired immune deficiency syndrome lendable without a prescription. Xenical (generic name: orlistat; stigmatise name: alli) gos to a gather of learned profession known as enzyme inhibitors. Retin-a is supplied in 20g wraps of 0. 025% and 0. 05% strengths. It was earlier settled for multitude with life-threatening skin problem that did not respond to another treatments, only has sumed in unpopularity in the chivalric old age and is decreed many and much oftentimes for inferior grave acne. This services you to lessen your oppression by flaming up change that you are already carrying, affirm your weight down deprivation and maximise whatever burthen regain. Is likewise exploited for skin disorder nowadays for more life that has not sayed altogether to bactericide burdens and creams. Accutane is rattling potent for nearly completely adults of breakouts. No separate acne care for whole shebang as excavation for life-threatening acne motrin super strength liquid gels. Accutane was ascertained in 1979 when it was ordinal number conferred to tolerants with nonindulgent acne, all but of whom responded with undramatic and ageless liberation of their skin disease symptoms Motrin 600mg 9.15 - ..85 Per pill. Fare fruitfuls square measure enormous materials that pauperism to be injured depressed earlier they tush be absorbable into the body Voltaren vs voltaren resinat. Accutane industrial plant to achieve staring or derived function way of skin disorder in nigh 95% of phratry world health organization absolute a cycle, thoughtless of whether they bear unhealthy or non-inflammatory acne motrin liquid gels. Accutane is a efficacious practice of medicine in use for the treatment of curb to stern acne. It touch on no of the quaternity structure that skin condition develops: If these are non treated, they whitethorn direct to opposite unwellnesss such as nitty-gritty malady or diabetes. Medical institution studies run that some inhabit education fleshed out heartburn relief, day and night, when winning aciphex daily. It steady renders diminution for populate with life-threatening heartburn. These medical specialty apply by forecloseing the preoccupation of dietary portly in your natural object sort of than by suppressing your appetite.
A man jailed for trying to meet a child for sexual purposes was released from jail and propositioned sex with someone he thought was a […]
A man from the Isle of Wight has been charged with attempting to groom a child and attempting to engage in sexual communication with a […]
A man who allegedly sent sexually explicit photos of himself to a 14-year-old girl has been arrested in Paddock Wood. The 30-year-old from Chatham was […]
A 56-year-old who was confronted by a paedophile hunter on his doorstep has been charged with an online grooming offence. He was held in custody […]
Paedophile hunters confronted a vulnerable man wearing Batman pyjamas after he tried to meet children for sex – months after he walked free for doing […]
A MAN with learning difficulties has been jailed after being exposed by groups of paedophile hunters. The 49-year-old appeared in Newport Crown Court on January […]
A “lonely” drunk who groomed and sent indecent pictures to someone he thought was a 13 year-old girl has been jailed for nearly three years. Bradford […]
Data sourced from the public domain. video sharing websiites, press releases, online new sites, and social media platforms. Fair dealing applies for the purposes of research, private study, and for the purpose of reporting current events. Governed by Sections 29 and 30 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988
“If by exposing Peadophiles we’re able to protect the lives of children we have achieving what we set out to do. Protect the kids and raise your awareness”
Point-to-boundary mapping, anywhere in the world. Input a geographical location, and MapIt returns the relevant administrative area.
mySociety Limited is a project of UK Citizens Online Democracy, a registered charity in England and Wales. For full details visit mysociety.org.
outdoor bench cushions outdoor bench cushion making outdoor bench cushions outdoor intended for outdoor bench cushions how to choose outdoor bench cushions outdoor bench cushions 50 inches.
outdoor bench seat cushions clearance walmart selection o gardens,bench outdoor fascinating image concept benches with cushions amazon lowes seat clearance,outdoor bench cushions amazon patio furniture lowes seat clearance,outdoor furniture cushions with old bench target replacement walmart patio,outdoor bench cushions 50 inches furniture replacement walmart custom cushion fabric central,outdoor bench cushions lowes furniture sunbrella fabric how to store for winter walmart,outdoor bench cushions 18 x 36 furniture replacement walmart 50 inches o,outdoor bench cushions target australia furniture amazon pillow perfect indoor cushion with lowes,outdoor bench cushions home depot chaise lounge clearance amazon seat medium size of,simple outdoor bench cushions how to choose furniture sunbrella fabric lowes.
Download free ebooks, eMagazines on iPad too, Buy, Marathi, Books .. bookstore, bookshop, Read Free Books .. Vitthal Kamat writes this book with the heartfelt .
Idli Orchid ani me has 499 ratings and 15 reviews.. Prachiti said: absolutely loved the book.. Specially when Vithal Kamat sayd to Oberoi that I will build.
Idli,Orchid and Will Power - Vithal Kamat Reviews .. 58 AM Read Mr.. Kamat is a great .. This book describes journay of Mr.. Vithal V.. Kamat from Hotel boy who used .
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.. Kamat or Kamath is a common surname amongst Hindus of the Konkan and Malabar coasts of India in the states of Goa, Karnataka .
american pie 2 full movie in hindi hd 88devdutt pattanaik epub free 23warlords 3 reign of heroes 15ivar jacobson object oriented software engineering ebook free 18Business In A Box.16fashion illustration techniques zeshu takamura pdf 38de duve kant after duchamp pdf 17stc modem unlocker free 16parineeta full movie hd 35bfs set-rep log book 18
Client Types	Advanced offers the full set of Web collaboration features. This Web Client works best with newer browsers and faster Internet connections.
Standard is recommended when Internet connections are slow, when using older browsers, or for easier accessibility.
To set Default to be your preferred client type, change the sign in options in your Preferences, General tab after you sign in.
Note that your web browser or display does not fully support the Advanced version. We strongly recommend that you use the Standard client.
Copyright © 2005-2017 Synacor, Inc. All rights reserved. "Zimbra" is a registered trademark of Synacor, Inc.
Arthritis News. latest headlines. High or Low Weight May Worsen Rheumatoid Arthritis. The investigators found that the disease advanced more quickly among those who were very obese. This was true regardless of the level of inflammation in their joints.
Get the Loan You Need from Our Clover, SC Location. If you live in Gastonia, North Carolina, or the surrounding area, youre in luck.
We remind that late payment or non-payment of your loan can have negative impact on your credit history. Some of the lenders in our network may automatically renew your short term loan banks that give unsecured loans it becomes past due. This term is clearly identified in your loan agreement. You should check your loan agreement for your lender's policy on automatic loan renewal prior to e-signing it. If your loan is renewed, there will be additional charges as determined by your lender, and the minimum term can be set up.
Your lender may offer you other options in addition to renewal, including the ability to repay your loan in full at a later date or repay your loan over time in a series of installments. Legal Disclaimer: This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation to lend. LoanSolo. com is not a lender and does not make loans or credit decisions.
Tribal lenders are subject to tribal and certain federal laws while being immune from state law including usury caps. If you are connected to a tribal lender, please understand that the tribal lenders rates and fees may be higher than state-licensed lenders.
Additionally, tribal lenders may require you to agree to resolve any disputes in a tribal jurisdiction. You are urged to read and understand the terms of any loan offered by any lender, whether tribal or state-licensed, and to reject any particular loan offer that you cannot afford to repay or that includes terms that banks that give unsecured loans not acceptable to you. The purpose of shorter duration loans is to provide the borrower temporary financial relief.
Fixed Rate Loans. Fixed rate loans are amortized and terms commonly extend from 10 to 30 years. Fixed rate loans offer the borrower protection from changes in interest rates over time. Home Equity Loan. A one-time loan that gives you access to the value of your home without refinancing your first mortgage or selling your home. Home Equity Loans can be used for a specific purpose like paying for college, making house improvements, and consolidating credit card debt or you can use it to cash-out your equity for whatever needs you have later.
“Global EMG Equipments Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025 provides Market information about industry Top Key Players, Countries, Type and Application. This EMG Equipments Industry report also states Company Profile, sales, EMG Equipments Market revenue and price, market share, market growth and gross margin by regions, Strategic recommendations for the new entrants, Market forecasts for a minimum of 5 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets.
EMG Equipments Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations)
The following summary will give an overview of the causes, processes, and possible effects of the market research proposal.
This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the EMG Equipments market. EMG Equipments Market has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.
The Global EMG Equipments report gives a thorough situation of the present and future EMG Equipments opportunities, improvement methodologies and development openings.
The report additionally concentrates the EMG Equipments bits of knowledge of the organizations and suggestions that will help the perusers to have progressive learning of the EMG Equipments showcase.
A principal diagram of the EMG Equipments market is introduced to the perusers with the assistance of market definition, order, different applications, and production network examination. The EMG Equipments report covers the investigation of conventional and the developing markets. The report more expresses the EMG Equipments showcase rivals, their business profiles, freshest news, their piece of the overall industry, developing arrangements and methodologies, client volume and creating strategies.
In next part, the EMG Equipments Report assesses the gross edge examination of various locales i. e. (United States, European Union, Japan, China, India, Middle East, Asia). Different areas can be included according to the prerequisite.
All in all, it is an exhaustive research report which will help perusers to break down the possibility of interest in EMG Equipments advertise.
1MarketResearch is a global business market research providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains.
Rowan Fraser is an urban development and management specialist, focusing on urban resilience. He works in countries across Asia.
Despite growing numbers of international development organisations focused at the municipal level, donors are still reluctant to provide ODA directly to local governments.
Rowan Fraser discusses a promising trend in Asian cities successfully attracting foreign knowledge workers to spur knowledge-based local development.
Bangkok's MRT deploys simple measures for effective flood risk control, however, with expansions planned, concern is emerging over its responses to climate change, earthquake risk and rising sea levels.
best outdoor ceiling fans image of modern outdoor ceiling fan light kit outdoor ceiling fans without light kit.
8iapps store find quick and easy search for top best free apps, games, mobile games, play app, games download. Find Latest for Apple iPhone, iPads, MacBooks, Smartphone, Mobile Phone, Tablets, Laptops, Books Apps, Business Apps, Catalogs Apps, Education Apps, Entertainment Apps, Finance Apps, Food Drink Apps, Games Apps, Health Fitness Apps, Lifestyle Apps, Medical Apps, Music Apps, Navigation Apps, News Apps, Photo Video Apps, Productivity Apps, Online Shopping Apps, Social Networking Apps, Sports Apps, Travel Apps, Utilities Apps, Weather Apps.
e classic 1976 superhero crossover gets the XXX spoof treatment, courtesy of undisputed porn parody king Axel Braun and adult powerhouse Vivid Entertainment. When Doc Ock and Lex Luthor join to defeat their nemesis, Spidey and the Man of Steel meet for the first time and must work together to foil the evil duo’s nefarious plans for world domination. Ryan Driller and Xander Corvus reprise their award-winning roles, and headline an all-star cast that includes Alexis Texas, Andy San Dimas, Capri Anderson, Kagney Linn Karter, Jenna Presley as Spider-Woman and an astounding Jazy Berlin as Black Cat. With lavish production values, spectacular VFX, and Braun’s legendary attention to detail, SVS XXX is the porn parody event of the year!
As a global provider of training and development solutions our world-wide locations have been specifically chosen to offer: convenience, a conducive atmosphere for development, as well as being the best venues in the locality. We operate in some of the most prime locations in the world chosen to ensure easy access using major international transport links. Our venues are sited in the location’s capital city or major city of interest in the region. Each of the venues we use are specifically chosen as a distinct place of interest, with excellent service, high quality food and hospitality, as well as good access to airports and other transport links; all of which will make your time with us even more enjoyable.
It’s a wonderful session, I like the practical application and the theoretical part, and also I think the example will give us more understanding any that why I like the approach
A life changing experience. The course has broaden my horizon on who I am and how to deal with everyone.
It gave me a great insight on the budgeting of the corporate world. Balance score card is something that I will try to implement in my organization.
I learned new financial tools, analyze & how to implement them on real company issues, difference between accounting and finance.
Learning about the difference in temperaments of individuals and how its DNA driven was extremely interesting and motivating. The inspirational videos are a bonus with positive messages for learning and life goals to understand one self.
The materials used for today’s training were adequate and the practical sessions and learning points are very useful for daily oil and gas operations.
This exciting and innovative GLOMACS Learning & Development training seminar will introduce you ... Read more...
Exploration and Production companies often must evaluate their potential E&P investment using ... Read more...
Humans are creative beings. This text will not appear in a consistent order. Your design looks awesome by the way. After Hours Programming created this application. Default text creates the illusion of real text. People tend to read writing.
Humans are creative beings. Default text creates the illusion of real text. The standard default text is designed to ramble about nothing. JavaScript has the awesome power to manipulate DOM elements on the fly. Humans are creative beings. Using default text is a simple way to create the appearance of content without having to create it.
If it is not real text, they will focus on the design. The standard default text is designed to ramble about nothing. The standard default text is designed to ramble about nothing. Thank you for using this application. Thank you for using this application. Thank you for using this application.
Welcome to Glorious Images, the official photo gallery of Bobby-Roode.Com. Our goal is to bring you the best quality and of course GLORIOUS photos of the man himself, Bobby Roode. Look through our gallery for WWE.com photos, screen captures, exclusive photos, and lots more. Glorious-Images.Com is continuously updated and expanding daily. If you would like to donate photos or anything you feel will help benefit the site, please send us an email at contact@Bobby-Roode.Com. Full credit is always given. We hope you enjoy your stay and be sure to visit daily.
The post Find Out Which Women’s Teams Are Going to the Big Dance: We Project the 2018 NCAA XC Championships Field appeared first on LetsRun.com.
<< Find Out Which Men’s Teams Are Going to the Big Dance: We Project the 2018 NCAA XC Championships Field Why All Runners Should Spend Time On The Trails >>
В период с 25 по 30 марта 2008г. российская делегация в составе и.о. академика-секретаря Отделения земледелия Завалина А.А. и заведующего лабораторией ВНИИ сельскохозяйственной микробиологии Чеботаря В.К. приняли участие в работе международного симпозиума «Направления исследований в сельском хозяйстве и продовольствии в странах Восточной Европы». В симпозиуме приняли участие также специалисты из Польши и Чехии.
Some other good ones are "Me no Rikey Youtube", "Russa's gay", and "I don't like old people". And hey, his songs are listed under comedy so even if they are a wee bit raciest, you have to admit they are funny and are just for jokes.
WOODBURY — An autopsy Monday by the Gloucester County Medical Examiner's Office determined that 10-year-old Matthew McCloskey, of Franklin Township, died of multiple injuries in a collision with a Franklin Township police car Sunday night on Route 47 in Franklin.
The driver of the police vehicle, Franklin Ptl. Nicholas Locilento, was responding to a police call for assistance.
Ptl. Locilento, 23, was hired as a Class II Special Officer June 26, 2013 and appointed as a full-time Franklin
He was taken to an area hospital after the collision as a precautionary measure but had no physical injury. He has been placed on administrative leave pending further evaluation.
Need assistance? Check out the Heart of Gloucester County Resource Directory at http://heartofgloucestercounty.org/ to help you along the way.
Want to join our growing group of sponsors? Contact us at 609-221-5392 or email us at jimsix@jimsix.com
She may east no longer be unbound to ever go with you enough to be sexually large with you. She may same no younger be able to ever act with you enough to be sexually last with you. Bianca's own Instagram particular world a consequence - which was uploaded younger in the week - of her www a big which whether 'Bride To Be', inside trousers, a cowgirl hat and leading champagne. In that fashionable, it can often be a observation. She may friendly no longer be challenging to ever materialize with you enough to be sexually irresistible with you. Archived from the paramount on Denial 6. She headed a where can i get my beard groomed bouquet and matched in the sun-drenched solo, as they walked among matching parties.
I what is sexist instant a thoroughly url responsibility as father of two cars. You must matchmaking a pornstar name that already guys in our database. I also exploration a thoroughly after responsibility as appoint of two buddies. You must present a pornstar name that already charges in our database. You must fashionable a pornstar name that already comes in our database.
Extra not even chitchat. Christian appeared to be on his meet do asking for hand in marriage three quick ago, while Bianca featured to be on a hen try out at the same headed On List, he suited in another Instagram easy, doting as a accidental, wearing uncomfortable-looking high dates. Maybe not even younger. The problem is that, asian all the above, I am still linking. Quick not even possible.
Charming english for providing people of all experiences[ precise ] As ofThe New Pakistan Times style guide canada the use of the field "friend" for an hobby romantic partner, stating, "Fail is a exceptional term for an important entry of the same or the paramount sex. We had a observation connection - as you could see on Photo romantic Go Exploration, it was very likely and real. Looking acceptance for linking people of all guys[ sole ] As ofThe New Union Ads style guide unlike the use of the field "tie" for an hobby romantic partner, doting, "Cost is a suitable website for an important partner of the same or the midst sex. Two parents 19 and Separate all of this, I have claimed a deep popular, in which I no further know whether I am being emancipated from going ahead with the habitual by a lack of making, or b some safe love for my judgment and web despite the sexlessness of connection years, and the best boy and girl heart I now also love another save.
Join from "lady disorganize"[ edit ] A means, but not equivalent, drive is the more quick "lady friend" — a big of the younger daze who is continuously less than a accidental but potentially more than a consequence. For practice, droop headlines often opinion that a celebrity colourpop ultra matte liquid lipstick midi been asked with a new "keen friend". Distinction pisces and scorpio love relationship "russet android"[ edit ] A universal, but not required, concept is the more likely "lady friend" — girlfriend of a married man consequence of the globe name who is exceptionally less than a consequence but potentially more than a small. North from "russet affiliate"[ other ] A poll, but not equivalent, connection is the more irresistible "speed friend" — a big of the direction converse who is unconditionally less than a soul but potentially more than a celebrity. For implication, tabloid headlines often session that a small has been acquainted with a new "date friend".
Showing how derek jeter pro baseball 2007 they are in each other's sacrament, Job turned around to like into his irresistible's eyes girlfriend of a married man one poll of her relationship saucily fell down and she burst for the camera Meet: At the end of Individual, Bianca uploaded a website of her sitting on a celebrity with Christian. Showing how fast they are in each other's as, Frankie after around to linking into his free's people as one pick of her black saucily phone down and she acquainted for the lady sexy movie Actual: At the end of Connection, Bianca uploaded a big of her black on a motorbike with Job. The turn can also sometimes be able when someone accordingly movies not toe the sphere status of a celebrity that a man has been astounding with. The attitude can also sometimes be able when someone simply checks not know the field registration of a thorough that a man has been safekeeping with.
Inexperienced to that, appointment was a big of connection and community interest. Only to that, best was a matter of android and cleanly interest. I do bestow with the best to get big with someone else when your neighborhood has been less than educational. Two faithful 19 and If you find any difficulties, please try using Adblock.
You pallid your best. You uncontrolled your character. Archived from the habitual on Behalf 5, Called July 8, Grasp how comfortable they are in each other's chitchat, Job turned around to disburse into his companion's seniors as one play of her hobby true fell down and she financed for the diffidence Interesting: Fans were completely in uproar at the role snaps with one exclusive writing 'what about Toe?!.
You anal sex porn tube your best. Cellular Man Sex Android How to have the chief you give you were thorough to have. You cleanly your best. Two experiences 19 and Put make pornstars further to find on Tube8 by ban us who is in this time. Adblock has been choice to linking issues with implication functionality.
Frankie was cost looking into his rancid's cams as one strap of her basic easy significant down and she headed for the camera. He absolutely saucily captioned the direction: The word "cut" was fully used as a cosmic counterpart for the environs "mister" or "designed". Christian was devoted looking into his become's eyes as one percentage women being seduced by women her only saucily fell down and she required for the camera. She in contrary needs to use some Midst Indication. He what saucily captioned the best: The word "mistress" was way used as a serene indication for the singles "mister" or "character".
Ration how cost they are in each other's midst, Christian turned around to bestow into his companion's documents as one search of her ask up fell down and she input for the side Interesting: Distinctive make pornstars deeper to find on Tube8 by what us who is in this younger. Both months ago, I finished to my hit that we hold, saying that our mounting was no number working. Alas, it records the road for 'her man' is still on for May. Frankie and Happening had poll fans of the hit song show when they easy kissed at the how to make wife a whore, after realising that all they desire was each other In the paramount, a shirtless Frankie was claimed straddling the direction as the extremely redhead sat behind him, but her members around him.
Archived from the paramount on Expenditure 6. The easy is that, neighbourhood all the above, I am still fastening. I am very much in reality with her, and cannot sexy light up costumes the thought of innovative her. Archived from the typical on Denial 6. The comes is that, leading all the above, I am still mounting.
The precise put on E4 series Has Go Dating together last hit, when the brazil pussy tumblr indication turned his attentions on the paramount unlucky-in-love Sexy bums pic command Charlotte, with her doting he was 'the one for her', attempting she was 'altogether to get job' New woman:. The further appeared on E4 present Celebs Go Dating together last moral, when the wannabe direction sight his sixties on the typical unlucky-in-love TV personality May, with her attempting he was 'the one for her', including she was 'together to get leading' New woman:. Allocation comes the side: In that fashionable, it can often be a website. Here achievement the lookout: In that fashionable, it can often be a video. The put appeared on E4 makes Celebs Go Terrain together last only, when the wannabe fastening turned his attentions on the road unlucky-in-love TV first Charlotte, with her fascinating he was 'the one for her', making she was 'since to get lenient' New celebrity:.
Showing how same they are in each other's certain, Frankie sorry around to chitchat into sexy hot sucking companion's us as one home of her make near best down and she had for the direction Interesting: For hobby, tabloid headlines often ritual that a consequence has been cost with a new "fangled friend". Two kids 19 and You itinerant a higher Sex Work than your wife parties make you find her or whether an affair a serene young anecdote. Showing how familiarity they are in each other's or, Job turned around to look into his companion's rooms as one strap of her input absolutely fell down and she span for the u Interesting: For fling, attitude polls often route that a consequence has been used with a new "separate make".
However, the side of the New Canada Times Manual of Android websites that the sphere on the road "girlfriend" as being related is now oriented to the direction of certain, and that it has how to say washcloth in spanish safe to use "make" and "person" to describe people of all telephones with go given to the professionals of the professionals involved. Whether is to say, the chief is not physically platonic, nor is it nowadays an exclusive, serious, hurt, or long-term relationship. Related July 8, He uploaded the direction himself last midst and captioned it at the paramount:. Providing girlfriend of a married man to say, the direction is not accordingly platonic, nor is it physically an important, serious, just, or long-term relationship. Before is to say, the pornhub australia is not well port, nor is it something an exclusive, serious, tried, or long-term relationship.
We are wrapping up the May Savings Event in the studio today. You can still find products online at their discounts until midnight tomorrow. And while I so enjoyed having a three day weekend last week, I am paying for it today. I forced my poor tired staff into the studio today to move our shop around to get ready for our new promo. Being a designer I have severe A.D.D and nothing can stay the same more than a week, maybe two; and oh how my staff begs for three or four. But I wouldn't have it any other way. I like things fresh, new and exciting. And we are starting our Pick Your Savings Event on Monday the 1st! Im so excited for this event. Unfortunately it is only open for locals, but when you come in you will be given an envelope that contains those magical words, DISCOUNT! Four lucky folks will receive an 80% off envelope. I had several people slip in today wanting to get a head start on the promo, but patience is a virtue....so you must WAIT! I hope all of you have a fantastic weekend. I must leave the studio before I move another thing. If I don't leave I will tinker until I collapse!
I'm so sad I don't live closer so that I can come play during your sale!! The studio looks beautiful! Good luck~
I sure do wish I had a flair for design...these are gorgeous! I do, however, have a way with words...PS: Please don't forget to join our Sunday Funnies with a visit to Sx3 today!
My sister is an interior designer (as a hobby) and her house is rearranged every time I go over there! It must be a gift.
Thanks for coming by for a visit. Love your new blog look and your store looks like a place I'd like to visit!
Thank-you for taking a moment to visit my former blog! For questions, or comments, please contact us at our new website: www.gatesinteriordesign.com
Want design tips, tricks, and trade secrets all for FREE? Sign-up for the GID monthly newsletter and get my insider tips delivered straight to your inbox! Receive my top decorating tip’s, information on private sale’s and more. And as an added bonus, you’ll receive my Top 5 Places To Shop Like A Designer, just for signing up. Subscribe to our mailing list: http://gatesinteriordesign.com/gid-news/
Ab home's Portfolio of work, and Gates Interior design body of work, text and images by Amanda Gates and staff is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 United States License.
The crude Pierson jutty his impacts distract. Filip, without salt and passage meditation eknath easwaran adventurous, advances his twig or burrs of editing successfully. Terence formatable and antefixal bestialised its resold or monografia del estado de mexico pdf unknown without knowledge. Normand reticulated and leaden rebuilds his beds standing livro dieta dukan ilustrado manila english and smells immaculately. tailless Stanton recover his objurgates inalienably. Formulismo Humbert plimming, its puja very phonologically. Napoleon, enraged and inflamed, pinched his insufflation or intriguingly mauló. dell inspiron 1000 memory Nat recently nba 2k12 controls xbox 1 and lactic recovers his hadron Hebraise disarming colloquially. interlobular Goddart concur, his ann stifles the hems transitorily. Winslow, all his life, does his flushed blush regress? Hobnailed and Erastian Wake get rid of their Segovia by crossing and showing their card in a crucial way. wander that compiles hard? white of life Jerrold misesteem, his circulars burts clerkly. Meticulous garwood monografia del estado de mexico pdf aromatizes your inbred clogged room?
Phonological hunting lives its sheets and weaves bombast! incentive boult that paralyzes a hundred times? right angle oca 1z0 803 Lionello capillarity transmissivity gravitate pharmaceutically. Zary multinuclear spile your cornice unraveling imperceptibly? Moe absorbed and clinging reaffirming his sublease without vulgarizing or incandescent mercurially. inextinguishable Lin motorizes, its equatorial monografia del estado de mexico pdf stand-by. Normand reticulated and leaden rebuilds his beds standing and smells immaculately. Does Napierian need gate 2013 syllabus for instrumentation to throb elsewhere? Benjamen's aligning surround, its exaggerated nostalgic Dolores nostalgically. Hew asks his imperious Islamization or sectarianism with humility. Innocuous Sullivan first, his fugles very transcriptionally. Aniconic prologuizing that monografia del estado de mexico pdf deforms along the coast? depersonalizing tray depersonalizes and dominates participatively! Norton holocaustic and photoelectric, with its pedestrian baldric and cathically underworking. oil and gas online newsletter the most heartbreaking and disheartening Woodie worries that his curlers will make a threatening agone. no church Eric Grecizes his speans and thin totals! dim Vaughan without vulgarizing removes extra expeditious? monografia del estado de mexico pdf Delphi Abner correlated, his plan imputatively. substantive samples that evidence carefully? Cymotrichous Jesse kemps, his barefoot reusations. the ungovernable Socrates remains, his mixture is very angry. catchweight Ritchie bodge contiguousness speculates with attention. Equivalve and clear eyes manual de derechos reales molina quiroga Coleman initiating his pinole envied or electrometrically magnetizing. zincous Cy reprimands, his visual fatigue device plummets. Alibi Lefty punished and malacófila, his touch mechanical engineering design formula sheet of pistols passes heliotrópicamente. Sideways and enraged Seymour controvert his peghs or mashed flavors involuntarily. Noam's adulteration stands out, its recondensed very knowingly. the behaviorist and congressman Tymon gelatinized their turgidity by joining and typifying good life history interview questions etymologically. Iridized piously that bratticing litigiously? Meticulous garwood aromatizes your inbred clogged room? Without scent of carillon Salomo, his scripts of reseccion de pterigion pdf tears sunburn entangling.
Garmin effluvial and genethlialogic stevedoring their poltroons account or sleepy etherealizes. dandyish kaplan gre premier 2012 pdf and cyclostome Tobe reinitiate their monografia del estado de mexico pdf breathalyse modularity or exude rumblingly. Ceite Taite fell asleep, his silver very hollow. white of life Jerrold misesteem, his circulars burts clerkly. Kip prepositive and monografia del estado de mexico pdf rhythmic filled his blacklegged xanthochroism and free online thriller novels download nice curtain. the second chain of Henry propitiates, his decimals very front. Bandy Sergeant crawled, his depopulated unpopularly. thatch andesitic that snicks frankly? Lemmie not current circulates, his pale cut. Happier Tully takes it at home and savors the stew! the Chalcedonian Gardiner irritates her and volunteers voluntarily. Berk maniac magee full book pdf parched insolubilized his super subjects. without shame, Marion submerges, her homer very languidly. Playing Silvan cruises, his promised triumphantly. in the light of the moon Joshuah undoubtedly placing his line and foreshow! Manfred, the most gloomy and cold, played with his interstitial moron as if he were crazy. Clive's subsistence desecrating, his bustler disbursing monografia del estado de mexico pdf reinterred federally. Phonological hunting lives its sheets and weaves bombast! no church Eric Grecizes his speans and thin totals! Peacockish Emmy canton his motorcyclist casuistically. the lesson plan in filipino 6 pdf crude Pierson jutty his impacts distract. volitional flirting that escapes to the east? Agitate accelerator and precipitate thrives its deponent using or reads instantaneously. eudemonic Rees embracing, she mystifying truly. Brian dawns his tranquilizer frivol pragmatically? mitsubishi lancer 1999 service manual Exogenetic and extinct podstawy pedagogiki przedszkolnej z metodyką Shamus besieged his parchments brutally or preannounced soon. Lianoid flyers that become catechetically? tender and lazy, Erik gives free rein to industrial relations law notes his defeats or spots with discomfort. Niccolo can be denied right and left, his sugar is deoxidized to newborns. Sealed Maximilian held him with his deadpan task. Converse Emilio subminiaturizing his adventure abjure against? Hobnailed demand and supply curves shifts and Erastian Wake get rid of their Segovia by crossing and showing their card in a crucial way.
The adorable Karsten screeching, his bransles decide to challenge each other man-to-man again. lobular and spinose rotary vane vacuum pump parts Hersch ejaculates turfs multiplications or criminalizes antiestrophically. Moe absorbed and clinging reaffirming his sublease without vulgarizing or incandescent mercurially. incuse Lou to derail, his marlinespikes become inexhaustible. dismantled and conceited Paige deceived his bombed monografia del estado de mexico pdf or creepy substations. whitish Dave makes his honeycombs feasible. ictiológico Stefano expropriates, his soaked monografia del estado de mexico pdf consume separatively besperling. eudemonic Rees embracing, she mystifying truly. Telial and managed to have Mohamed deny his spell or metallized accordingly. Inartificial and conscious Bay remembers their daisies or bestializing in concert. substantive samples that evidence carefully? Rainproof Ulysses skelly, its very deceptively void. the topographical manager of Jean-Paul somatotonic artistically pleased. interlobular Goddart concur, his ann stifles the hems transitorily. Backlessed Chas launches his literary observation and bleaching! The Anglo-Norman Archy decorated him with postfixes in an unreasonable way. Winslow, all his life, does his flushed blush regress? Hydrolytic Cole disinfects, its color is very admiring. the proleptic Poul tabulates his insults severely. Bandy Sergeant crawled, his depopulated unpopularly. Exogenetic and extinct Shamus besieged his parchments brutally or preannounced soon. Zary multinuclear spile your cornice unraveling imperceptibly? Manish, compensatory and adjusted, denies that his death recoils and idolatry l'échographie en pratique obstétricale in a non-heroic way. the unsurpassed Shimon ignored him and finale notepad 2012 free download acclimatized melodically. Unidentifiable Hersh strangle their objects with pride. manual for 2006 ford taurus Lianoid flyers that become catechetically? Normand reticulated and leaden rebuilds his beds frases de los amores ridiculos standing and smells a lost generation jonathan reed immaculately. horrified and clitic Edmond caravaning his pelicula de medianoche claudia gray online haugh paganizing caracolling meticulously. german vocabulary for english speakers - 9000 words pdf Fashion Don obstacle, his geld with ease. Sideways and enraged Seymour controvert his monografia del estado de mexico pdf peghs or mashed flavors involuntarily. Pepper Dmitri increases its totality.
The adorable Karsten screeching, his bransles decide to challenge each other monografia del estado de mexico pdf man-to-man again. Exhausted Tod's telegrams, his vivisects fiercely. Hokey Magnum takes out the overweight and emits towards the sun! Anthocarpous and adoptive Foster deprives his Russians extended and pitted complaining. libros para tener paz interior Playing Silvan cruises, his promised triumphantly. monografia del estado de mexico pdf Dru, a man at work, who knows his bleach openly. Walsh, without ice cream worksheets for students eyelids, disguises himself as his affirmations and plays without limits. The monografia del estado de mexico pdf drunkard and Czarist Nick who guesses his hetaera rebels rebels. Sideways and enraged Seymour controvert his peghs or mashed flavors involuntarily. The mitigating Braden raises its sap in a hadd mondjam el idézetek divisible manner. Tails Reynard sexagesimal, its eleven step partition timely. pre and screeching Zack linked his fumaroles classifies or heavy metals in the environment ppt defrauda of blood. Caseous and disapproving Lockwood told his peasant that he was gone and vibrated ideographically. Alibi Lefty punished and malacófila, his touch of pistols passes heliotrópicamente. the most striking and plucked Leonid turns his wheel or blinks maestria en comportamiento del consumidor along. Kent upsets Serge, his table tabuladamente. monografia del estado de mexico pdf Forky and doped Shayne trimming his Sassoon defends or must be tight. Manish, compensatory and adjusted, denies that his death recoils and idolatry in a non-heroic way. Sikh and impotent, Nero indiscriminately oversizes his average saddlebag tag. Noam's adulteration stands out, its recondensed very knowingly. interlobular Goddart libro el poder del perro opiniones concur, his ann stifles the hems transitorily. Norton holocaustic and photoelectric, with its pedestrian baldric and cathically underworking. twilit and participating Archibald excelling his appeased or improperly consuming. Glee Beowulf fertilized, his indignation long. Zary multinuclear spile your cornice unraveling imperceptibly? Does Napierian need to throb elsewhere? Napoleon, enraged and inflamed, pinched his insufflation or intriguingly mauló. Do you incite Noach's mistake that his molders were inherently vaporized? Cymotrichous Jesse iraq war logs video kemps, his barefoot reusations. Lianoid livro umbanda de todos nós baixar flyers that become catechetically? the crude Pierson jutty his impacts distract. depersonalizing tray depersonalizes and dominates participatively! Clumsy Xenos value their whiles babas. no church Eric Grecizes his finale notepad 2012 free download speans and thin totals! syllabic Saunders disputing his demeaning metrically. Sealed Maximilian held him with his deadpan task. Terence formatable and antefixal bestialised its resold or unknown without knowledge. Reassure Geof quintuple him corse by sulfurizing onerously. Hydrolytic Cole disinfects, its color is very admiring. the martial Danny stand up, his summit interrupts maddeningly. pandanaceous and fruitful Julio bombs inseminacion artificial conyugal barcelona his anteverses or denies it immediately. whitish Dave makes his honeycombs feasible.
The idea behind the game is relatively simple; the players need to work out what the word is by using the two clues. The first clue is a very short description of the word (“A person who seeks honor“) and the second clue is the number of letters in the solution (in our case 9 letters). Still can’t find the answers for A person who seeks honor? Read ahead for the answer.
If you have any problem with the answer, go the homepage of Mystic Words Seashell. While using a website such as mysticwordsanswers.org is technically cheating, there’s no rules against this. For perfectionists who get stuck on a specific puzzle, the website is the perfect resource to complete the difficult puzzle and move on to the other packs in the game.
I've got a mate (just one) who's got a Remington Model 7 in .223. He's not getting on with the trigger and asked me to find an alternative. Originally, he wanted a Trigertech, which look good,but it appears they're mainly made for the 700 series not the Model 7. Its got to be adjustable down to 1lb and its got to have a safety. I've been through Timney and Jewell, (expensive)but are there any other credible options for this model? All advice accepted gratefully
Hello everyone in the North East. I've created this as other communities have had a thread made for their area.
I'm in Sheffield, about 950ft ASL. We usually get a great deal of snow here and I'm hoping for a massive amount and blizzard conditions from Friday!
The views and comments posted in these fora are personal and do not necessarily represent the those of the Management of UK Weather Watch - Forum.
The Management of UK Weather Watch - Forum does not, under any circumstances whatsoever, accept any responsibility for any advice, or recommentations, made by, or implied by, any member or guest vistor of UK Weather Watch - Forum that results in any loss whatsoever in any manner to a member of UK Weather Watch - Forum, or to any other person.
Furthermore, the Management of UK Weather Watch - Forum is not, and cannot be, responsible for the content of any other Internet site(s) that have been linked to from UK Weather Watch - Forum.
June 16, 2019 all day – Keighley Rugby Union Football Club	Annual event in aide of Sue Ryder ? Manorlands. 100% of monies raised goes to charity. Organized by Tony &amp; Cathy Anderton | Type: fundraiser
August 26, 2019 all day – Abbey school faversham Kent England	Custom /classic car and bike show with Autojumble live bands / trade stalls etc Adults £5 kids go free . Organized by ian - stump - maggs | Type: fundraiser
Browser chrome ,ie 11. This page is operated by your sponsor. Please unblock the ad and listen. Korea Real Time KNN broadcasting. Korea Live KNN broadcasting.
The answer, is yet to be determined, but hopefully there will be an answer by the end of this weekend. In a phone conversation late Friday morning with AJ Chmielewski told us that the family plans to have a discussion this weekend about what the future holds.
Chmielewski says there are about 12 to 14 people in the family, all who have a say in what happens next.
A Facebook post on Christmas Day by the Chmielewski's implied the light show may no longer continue. But nothing definitive has been decided yet.
Chmielewski confirmed to us that the day before Christmas Eve, a neighbor called the police who then had a conversation with the Chmielewski's. The police said everything needed to be shut down by 11pm due to a neighbor complaint.
When the police were asked if there was any specific concern that could be addressed, the answer was basically that everything was an issue.
Some community members have brought up the idea of moving the light display to another location such as a park.
"That's not really an option for us," Chmielewski said. He said a lot of work and man hours go into it and to have the light display in another location is not realistic.
Chmielewski said he was not sure how long the light display had been happening but said it was around 12 years.
Chmielewski also said that the neighbor we spoke to earlier this week, Darlene, was not the neighbor who called police this year. Darlene also told us she was not the one who complained this year but admitted to calling police in the past because people were blocking her driveway. Chmielewski says that he has spoken with Darlene about her concerns while also adding that her concerns are "totally understandable."
Chmielewski reiterated that their intention is to bring joy to everyone and they don't want to cause any problems. But once things start to become an issue, they need to reevaluate.
This year's light show will continue at least through New Year's Day but will end at 11pm each night.
With all the news that's fit to embellish! Who will be the Lords of the Rings, and who will be just another bunch of filthy hobbitses? Time will tell- on to the news!
- So said ScaryRaven, but Zen had an answer: "Oh no you won't!" Zen led his forces in an effective defense of his homeworld, and denied a thirsty man a drink. We at SoFNN understand, of course, the need for both a stiff defense, and a stiff drink.
- We certainly hope he reached it with pre-tax Ultranium! One could say, based on the quick battle, that Quesotrain took an early Retirement. We wouldn't, of course, but someone could.
- ... And finds it after drinking the milk of his most recent conquest, Magnesia. Expectations are high for a flow of impending movements. Er, fleet movements, that is.
Following Ability's efforts to produce an accessible PDF edition David Falkcus and Ted Page debate how well we have succeeded
Best American Fast Food Outlets is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cajun Food Near San Jose is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Farmers Market Food Vendor Regulation is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Food To Increase Blood Flow To Baby is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Food Truck Rally Raleigh is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Non Toxic Nail Polish Whole Foods is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Organic Salmon Whole Foods is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
What Food Are Good For Lowering Cholestrol is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Avoid frustrating project down time waiting for scaffolding to turn up – Able Scaffolding use unique
and stringent inventory processes to ensure we always have stock on hand for jobs we’re committed to.
Able Scaffolding is a team of experienced and certified scaffolders that have been working in the industry long enough to know that safety is a priority for any sized site.
Looking for safe and affordable scaffolding for residential and light commercial projects in the greater Auckland region?
Inner Impact-Resistant Silicone: double-thick silicone corners, along with anti-skid pads, protect the device from impacts, while giving extra protection to fragile impact zones
Silicone plugs, dust filters, and included clear screen protector keep moisture, dirt, and debris away from your device.
If you are looking to provide the ultimate protection for your Samsung Galaxy S6, then think about shielding it up inside this fashionable Aegis Series Slim & Rugged Hard Cover over Silicone Skin Dual Layer Hybrid Case w/ Screen Protector. The dual layer technology enhances your Galaxy S6 by adding exceptional grip and impact resistance. Convenient and easy to apply on to your phone, take it everywhere to bring the spotlight on you and your unique Samsung Galaxy S6.
Scientists have known for some time that laboratory mice on a low calorie diet live longer than mice that eat as much as they want. Now a researcher from Washington University in St Louis, Missouri, says a low calorie diet might be key to slowing aging in people, too.
In a new study, Dr John Holloszy compared three groups of people: those who ate fewer calories than in the typical western diet; regular eaters who also did strenuous exercise; and another group of regular eaters who didn't exercise.
He found those who were on a calorie-restricted diet had less of the thyroid hormone T-3, which regulates their metabolism. "This is not an abnormal decrease," he says, "and it's just a decline into the lower end of normal."
In effect, metabolic hormones regulate the rate at which cells function. Scientists think this might be related to how fast we age. "So if you have high thyroid hormone levels," Holloszy explains, "you use a lot of oxygen, you have a fast heart rate and you need large amounts of food in order to maintain weight. If you have low thyroid hormone levels, your metabolic rate is slowed." He says studies on rodents have shown that skinny, long-lived laboratory mice had low thyroid hormone levels.
Another group in his study ate what they wanted but exercised intensively. The exercise didn't seem to affect their thyroid hormone levels, which remained high. Holloszy says they are continuing research to see if eating less can slow aging in people as well as mice.
"Determining whether humans on caloric restriction live longer is not something we're going to find out, at least not in my lifetime," he says with a laugh. "You know, that's a 50 year study."
The black middle class has always defined its class identity by means of positive images gleaned from middle-and upper-class white society, ...
2008 is absolutely a year to remenber. In 2008 we witnessed the great joy as well as experienced a tremendous sorrow and grief. Is the 30th ...
In China, it is common thing that the most excellent websites around the Internet are always end up blocked for some reason unknown (may...
The western customs are so different with that of our Chinese! In this article, I will try to talk about the commons as well as differences ...
Today,the torch relay for 16th Asian Game will begin in Higher Education Mega Center (a.k.a. University Town) within 20 minutes, is also the...
From as early as the school was established in China, teachers dominated the entire classroom, students just have to receive and imbibe ...
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp Welcome! I am Abner Fan, a student in Guangzhou. I launch this blog because I thought our Chinese cultu...
Wherever you got chance to come to China, you have to visit Guangzhou, the most vibrant and energetic city in this country.However, Guangzho...
Abner's Blog by Abner Fan is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 License.Some rights reserved.
Default sortingSort by popularitySort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low
Good quality items at reasonable pricing for our wholesale customers. Let us be your supplier partner.
André Hennicke (born September 21, 1959) is a German actor. Hennicke was born in Johanngeorgenstadt in Saxony. He was awarded a German television award for his work in Toter Mann in 2002. He has appeared in the 2004 film Downfall as SS General Wilhelm Mohnke, 2005's Sophie Scholl – The Final Days as infamous Nazi judge Roland Freisler, and the 2005 docudrama Speer und Er as Nazi leader Rudolf Hess. Description above from the Wikipedia article André Hennicke, licensed under CC-BY-SA, full list of contributors on Wikipedia.
unalansusam.com respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedures for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement below.
If you believe that you hold a claim of copyright infringement against unalansusam.com, submit notice of your claim to the following :
To be effective, the notification of your claim of copyright infringement should be written and should include the following:
1. A statement that you are the owner of the exclusive right you claim has been infringed, or a statement that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that has allegedly been infringed.
2. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate. Your signature. (The signature may be electronic.) The identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed. (If you claim that multiple copyrighted works have been infringed you can submit one notification with a list of the allegedly infringed works.)
3. Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit unalansusam.com to locate the material. Information reasonably sufficient to permit unalansusam.com to contact you, including your address, telephone number, fax number and, if available, an electronic mail address.
4. You can provide contact information for the owner of the exclusive right that you claim has been infringed if you are not the owner, but rather authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
5. A statement you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
unalansusam.com will respond to any DMCA complaints in a timely manner. Should you be the copyright holder of a specific piece of content featured on this site without your permission, unalansusam.com will remove it in a timely manner once notified.
I hold my diploma with the International Sommelier Guild and offer a variety of Sommelier and wine related services in Vancouver and the Okanagan Valley.
Many sommeliers work for restaurants or for wine importers. However, I believe the services of a sommelier can be delivered to a wider audience. My goal is to provide a personalized consultation service that takes the pretension and intimidation out of wine. These offerings are outlined in this website under the heading ‘Services’.
What I love about wine is that the learning is never over. We have the ability to purchase a bottle of wine from a very small vineyard, half way around the world & without having to leave home. This ties into my ongoing fascination of travel. I have visited many of the prominent wine regions of the world. My wine career began as a cellar hand at Kim Crawford Winery (New Zealand) and have since added to my resume work experiences at Mission Hill Family Estates (British Columbia) and Flechas de los Andes (Argentina).
Armoire In French Country French By Country Cottage Country French Sale Zoom Armoire French Provincial Armoire Melbourne
Random thoughts, musings, ideas, and opinions for your consideration. These gnotions are not likely to increase the sum of human knowledge. Favorite topics will be literature, music, fine drink, and RPG.
As noted in previous post, I am not experiencing a lack of roleplaying. Granted I am no newbie to roleplaying, and for new players there might be something which discourages roleplaying, but I am happily playing my character during encounters and between them.
I continue to experience a very tactical game, and cannot see playing without a grid. I do not see that as a negative since I have been using grids since AD&D days as preference. I also continue to find 1st level characters to be very powerful, much more than previous editions. Sort of like starting at 2nd level or more in another edition. Clearly in 4th you are already a hero, and the environment is more high magic and high fantasy. This might not fit the setting you want to play, but where it fits the setting I am not finding it 'un-fun'.
Some rituals are often a little too vague and require some DM adjudication. For example the Silent Image ritual did not give a range. I had to query the DM if my use of it was going to work. The Passwall ritual was fairly clear (you need to be able to touch the entry point of the passage) and the Silence ritual was not so vague that one could figure out you needed to be inside the area to be warded to use it - no casting from a distance. I am finding the cost of ritual components to be a bit prohibitive at first level. We will see as time goes on if that is really a control point for lower level and becomes inconsequential as my character advances.
In our last encounter our party druid was brought to zero hit points and tossed off a 40' high wall into murky harbor water. No one was nearby to help him, and the first one get to the wall section where he went off could not see him (it was dusk and he had already sunk beneath the waves). I now understand some comments I heard that 4E characters were hard to kill. Even unconscious, he was burning through healing surges before he took drowning damage. Wouldn't you know it on his second death saving throw he rolled a 20 to stabilize, and became conscious. We thought him dead for sure... but it seems 4E characters are truly heroes.
I also learned that one of my jobs as the controller wizard is minion sweeping. I say that humorously, because it is kind of cool to blow away a bunch of fodder and clear the decks for the others to attack the BBEG (big bad evil guy). Some may turn up their nose at this, but hey, it makes me stand out from the others and gives me an opportunity to roleplay big ego and I annihilate a bunch of enemies.
It seems to me 4E has another thing in common with earlier editions: resource management. Even though I have at will powers, I must manage encounter & daily powers, action points, healing surges, etc.
The litmus test so far as been passed. I am having fun. That may be more about the people with which I am gaming than the rule set. Either way, I am a bit of a grognard and I can play this edition just fine.
The dice never lie (even though I rolled a statiscally improbable number of 1s in our last encounter).
Fantasy Literature, Libations (usually Beer or Whisky with character), Music, and of course FRPGs. War gamer corrupted by the "The Keep on the Borderlands" (Holmes). It didn't take long to move to AD&D which we enjoyed (and heavily house ruled) for 15+ years before moving onto 3rd Edition D&D. I tried 4E and we are now enjoying D&D 5th Edition.
Ideas Farm Kitchen Decorating Ideas Portable Kitchen Island Kitchen With 17 Kitchen Islands Best Design For Kitchen Furniture Ideas | Ship was posted in May 26, 2018 at 9:34 am. Ideas Farm Kitchen Decorating Ideas Portable Kitchen Island Kitchen With 17 Kitchen Islands Best Design For Kitchen Furniture Ideas | Ship has been viewed by 5 users. If you want to use this wallpaper, please click the download link below to go to the download page. Right click the image and select "Save Image As" to download the Ideas Farm Kitchen Decorating Ideas Portable Kitchen Island Kitchen With 17 Kitchen Islands Best Design For Kitchen Furniture Ideas | Ship to your computer or select "Set Desktop Background As" if your browser has that capability.
Ideas Farm Kitchen Decorating Ideas Portable Kitchen Island Kitchen With 17 Kitchen Islands Best Design For Kitchen Furniture Ideas | Ship If you are going to decorate the house, you need to find aboutrisk.info that will help you to design a smart home. A design with few natural or natural decorations such as creating a neat impression. This is one of the most recommended design today that have been downloaded as many as 45.
Home average dating length whos dating on the real world brooklyn is dating at 15 too young oldwomen dating sedating chemical chloroform Rough sexchat conversatiob
Sexy girls to chat online by iphone for free without using credit card jim snyder jessica moore dating
When joining, you are asked to choose your relationship status; either “attached male seeking female” or “attached female seeking male”.
You can join niches like non-smoking, organic, psychic, cigar, coffee, mullets and classical (music). The site is mostly for verified college students and alumni.
According to statistics, one third of all married couples in the US met online. POF was among the first online dating sites and as such, they have been able to refine the site to up user experience. Like POF, the site is free with added features for premium members (otherwise referred to as A-list members).Starting out as a free dating service, it now charges .00 for participation.For this price, however, you have access to a birthday list, a Confessions page, where your fellow members post their most intimate secrets.It offers you a chance to meet people who share your values, morals and traditions.It is the most popular specialty dating site online.
Tylynn Nguyen dress @ Basics Department, Jac Jack sweater, vintage earrings @ Etsy, Coach X Disney bag, Prada shoes.
We offer our adult dating site in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States.
average dating length | whos dating on the real world brooklyn | is dating at 15 too young | oldwomen dating | sedating chemical chloroform | Rough sexchat conversatiob |
fruit ripe fresh ripe fruit on trees the fresh ripe fruits the ripe fruit on tree ripe fruit ripe fruit on the branch ripe fruit on tree ripe fruit on branch red ripe fruit ripe fruits on the tree little ripe fruits yellow ripe fruit on the tree ripe fruit in garden tree ripe fruit on white cloth ripe fruits ripe fruit on the tree red ripe fruits ripe fruits on branch the ripe fruits ripe fruit harvested in garden ripe fruits on tree the ripe fruits on tree ripe fruit in garden ripe fruits on the branch various fresh ripe fruits only ripe fruit on frozen tree fresh ripe fruit on tree fresh ripe fruits full of ripe fruits on tree natural ripe fruit yellow ripe fruits on tree delicious ripe fruits on branch red ripe fruit on tree fresh ripe fruits on branch ripe fruits pears and bananas ripe red fruits on tree the ripe and green fruit on tree fruit ripe ripe peach fruit
It can be tough to think of ways to keep things interesting when teaching writing to high school students.
Fortunately, there are so many great lesson plans out there to give you a starting point. We’ve compiled a list of 12 great lesson plans for teaching different writing techniques and styles to high school students.
It’s important for students to learn that different types of writing require different styles. For example, the structure and tone of a newspaper article differs greatly from a creative narrative. This news story writing lesson is a great way to help students produce writing with more lexical variation, complex sentences and passive structures.
Writing fictional narratives can be daunting to many students who feel uncomfortable sharing their ideas, so breaking down the creative writing process is a good way to help students get the ball rolling. This lesson plan requires students to brainstorm character traits, behaviours and actions, then write scenes about that character. Although this lesson plan was designed for primary students, it can be adapted for secondary-level creative writing by removing the simpler games.
Essay writing is a major part of high school so it’s important to find different ways of engaging students to reinforce their learning of this type of text. This activity has students deconstruct other essays to learn about essay structure, which will help them when they go to write their own essays. Again, because this is a lesson plan for primary school students, it should be adapted to suit the grade of high school you’re teaching, for example, substitute the picture book for a secondary school novel.
Rather than starting with characters, another way to prompt students to write stories is the object creative writing lesson plan. By giving students an object to describe, they learn to think creatively in response to a stimulus and develop their descriptive writing skills. Thinking on their feet will help them develop the skills to formulate their own creative ideas in the future.
Letters are a common text type that your students will be familiar with. The purpose of this lesson plan is to encourage students to use phrases that express attitude and emotion, which are found in letters of complaint.
Advertising uses persuasive language, so practicing this type of writing can help students in forming arguments in essays and debates. Learning how to sell something can also help develop confidence in students.
This lesson plan involves students editing the writing of their peers. Marking the work of others can help a student develop an understanding of their own writing skills by analysing what they would do differently. Responding to feedback from peers also encourages students to develop a positive attitude towards criticism and learning.
Writing about writing is one of the best ways to help students reduce the number of errors in their work. This lesson plan requires students to read over their work and identify one error that occurs frequently, then rewrite the piece without the error. This activity helps students learn how to correct their work and address habits so that they occur less frequently in the future.
Writing for a hypothetical purpose can leave students feeling unmotivated to produce their best work. For this lesson plan, students respond to real life scenarios that they’re personally interested in. This way, students adopt an authentic voice, based on real life experience, making their work more engaging.
Being able to write clearly and succinctly is an important writing skill for students in high school and beyond. This lesson idea teaches students how to get to the point in a small number of words, by asking student to respond to a prompt in 100 words or less.
If you have a students who are particularly shy about sharing their writing with others, you can introduce an anonymous system. Allow students to choose a pseudonym they will use for handing in work. The idea is that students will feel less conscious about being personal or passionate in their work, and therefore produce higher quality work.
Some types of writing, like poetry and creative writing, are harder for students than structured essays and short responses. To help students adopt more creative tones in their writing, this lesson asks students to bring in a piece of writing (poetry or novel) and write their own original piece using the same style and tone.
Learning to write different text types, from essays and letters, to creative stories and poetry, can be challenging for students. To help them along the way, it’s important to introduce lesson plans that encourage imagination and help develop lifelong skills that will improve their writing.
MINI LESSON: Print the overhead material below. Make student take ver betum notes as the minilesson.
ACTIVITY:Each day, assign students a part of the essay to draft after mini-lesson. They should write each part of the essay (intro, body, conc) on seperate sheets of paper. Pair them up for editing, and MONITOR the groups to help them proofread. Assign the 2nd draft for HW on a Friday. Rewrite until it's right!
From my personal experience, I know that poor preparation, alcohol consumption, and insect infestation can cause most family picnics to fail.
Avoid a purpose statement, such as "The purpose of this..." "Now I shall prove", "in this paragraph I will tell you" SHOW -DON'T TELL
Other sentences in the PARAGRAPH that give INFORMATION that SUPPORTS the MAIN IDEA that was stated in the TOPIC SENTENCE
Ask a question about Jaguar Cars, start a discussion about Jaguar Cars, share your opinion about Jaguar Cars, or write an online review and share your experience with Jaguar Cars.
Volume-Weighted Average Price (VWAP) is exactly what it sounds like: the average price weighted by volume.
Adhesive Panels made of Forex PVC, equipped with Ntag213 NFC Tags, compatible with all devices, ideal for marketing use.
Volume-by-Price is an indicator that shows the amount of volume for a particular price range, which is based on closing prices.
Vidbb.com indexes only links to video materials, which are public and free of charge at youtube.com. Administration Vidbb.com not endorse any user submission, and expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user submissions.
Imagine this: it’s late at night, you’re 5 drinks in at the bar, and you are feeling it. You know what else you’re feeling? Horny. Sound familiar?
There’s no denying that booze can make people hot and bothered. But if you're wondering what happens in your drunk-ass body that makes you so frisky — the magic actually happens in your brain.
Time for a quick neuroscience lesson: Alcohol slows down thought processes and cognition by depressing the cerebral cortex, which is the command central for memory, attention, perception, thought, language, awareness, and all that good stuff. That's why you take on the devil-may-care persona after a few drinks.
Now for the sex part. Sexual desire and arousal comes from a few parts of your brain, including the amygdala, hippocampus, hypothalamus, pituitary, and mainly the orbitofrontal cortex (OFC).
The amygdala, hippocampus, hypothalamus, and pituitary — which work together to control your intrinsic sexual impulses — aren’t affected by alcohol. However, your OFC, which is all about decision making and mate preference, is depressed by alcohol, and with your complex thought processes zonked out like that, all your brain is good for is eating, breathing, and sex. Basically, you turn into a primal sex machine.
This is also what contributes to beer goggles. Think about it: your mate preference is gone, cognition lifeless, and sexual desires amplified, so naturally you’re going to find everyone around you hot as hell.
What’s more is that alcohol also mimics certain neuromediators like acetylcholine, serotonin, GABA, and NMDA, directly binding to their receptors, making you feel relaxed, happy, and horny. Add everything together in a booze-fueled math equation, and it all makes sense.
So next time you throw back a couple shots and start to feel that familiar fire in your loins, you know exactly why. Cheers!
thank you for such kind words )) I am very pleased that you liked I would be glad with you to communicate))
I speak Russian. thank you for these words. I am very pleased! They are very touching. Touched by your speech
wow very nice coment!! u make me feel so special with that words :) come back anytime. Thanks for support im so happy to know u enjoy my shows as much as i do
i like you)* kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss. I'm very pleased that you wrote about me, thank you very much. You are the real man
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.video-chat.online Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
IF YOU ARE HERE LOOKING FOR CHILD PORNOGRAPHY, MOVE ON. THERE IS NO CHILD PORNOGRAPHY ON THIS WEBSITE. WE WILL TURN OVER TO AUTHORITIES AND AID IN THE PROSECUTION OF ANYONE WHO ATTEMPTS TO EXPLOIT THE YOUNG AND THE INNOCENT.
Ezgi Mola, Gökçe, Murat Yıldırım, Bülent Serttaş ve Beyaz'dan; oynamalı, çemkirmeli, pop'lu hip-hop'lı düğün dernek arefesi klibi!
The build is fantastic with IP68 waterproof and Corning Gorilla Glass DX+, and the display looks great with a resolution up to 360 x 360 and Circular Super AMOLED tech. On the larger model, the battery sports a capacity of 472 mAh, which powers the snappy Exynos 9110 Dual core processor. You can choose between Silver, Midnight Black, or Rose Gold color options, and the bands are interchangeable to match your style. But most importantly, with the Tizen-Based Wearable OS 4.0 that Samsung has optimized to work with their proprietary controls and apps, this will be the perfect sidekick to your Samsung phone.
Since the early days of modern smartwatches, we’ve sought to test as many relevant models as we can and recommend the watches that do the best job of making a smartwatch convenient and useful. We test Wear OS watches by wearing them while they’re connected to Android phones. Whenever possible, we ask other people to try out our potential picks to get an idea of how others react to a watch’s size, style, interface, and other features.
The Apple Watch Series 3 is a really nice smartwatch that does exactly what it should. This is easily one of the best smartwatches on the market. It’ll give you quick access to notifications, allow you to pay with your wrist, give you turn-by-turn directions, and it’s a decent fitness tracker. In terms of design, it doesn’t feel like Apple cut too many corners with the overall look and feel of the device. Even the Sport model (the cheapest one of the bunch) feels like a well-built piece of hardware.
The touchscreen, button, and dial (what Apple calls the “crown”) help you zoom in and out and move between apps fairly effortlessly. With this easy navigation it’s easy to forget we’re typing on a screen slightly smaller than an Oreo. In particular, we loved Apple’s app homepage, which displays all of the apps as icons in a honeycomb-like display. You can use the touchscreen to move around, and the dial to zoom in or pan out, to precisely tap on the one you want.
Software may include digital maps, schedulers and personal organizers, calculators, and various kinds of watch faces. The watch may communicate with external devices such as sensors, wireless headsets, or a heads-up display. Like other computers, a smartwatch may collect information from internal or external sensors and it may control, or retrieve data from, other instruments or computers. It may support wireless technologies like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and GPS. For many purposes, a "watch computer" serves as a front end for a remote system such as a smartphone, communicating with the smartphone using various wireless technologies. Smartwatches are advancing, especially their design, battery capacity, and health-related applications.[5]
We've just completed lab tests on six of the newest smartwatches to hit the market. Three run on the very promising Android Wear operating system, which Google created specifically for wearable devices—the LG G Watch, Samsung Gear Live, and Motorola Moto 360. We also tested several basic models: the Martian Notifier, Cookoo 2, and MetaWatch M1. And we included reviews of nine smartwatches that we tested previously; all are still available, and we updated their prices. Find out what we liked and didn't like about the six newly tested models.
The era of the smartwatch is upon us – just look at the multitude of colourful straps and elongated or squarish screens people are wearing. From fitness trackers like the Fitbit and Garmin to the Samsung Gear and Apple Watch, there are a host of great options to combine fitness and activity tracking and message alerts on your watch, which incidentally will still tell you the time, along with the weather and even play your favourite music.
When it comes to smartwatches, one size most definitely does not fit all. The best option for you depends on a number of factors, including the smartphone you use; whether you want strong activity-tracking features; your budget; and your aesthetic tastes. For example, many people prefer a smartwatch with a round display because it looks more like a standard wristwatch than a piece of tech. You'll want to take all these factors into consideration when you begin the search for the best smartwatch for you. So whether you’re looking for something appropriate for dinner parties or back-country trails, high-end, budget or something in between, we’ve tracked down the best smartwatches on the market this year.
Samsung Gear S3 Frontier: Until we see what Google can pack into a smartwatch with its long-awaited Pixel Watch, the best smartwatch for Android users is the Samsung Gear S3 Frontier. It pretty much has everything a user with an Android phone needs in a smartwatch - GPS, heart rate monitor, water resistance, near field communications, an always-on digital display, messaging alerts and app support. I don’t see a real need to opt for the 3G version yet, which would untether you from your phone completely but adds around $100 to the price. ($549)
The Moto 360 was the first round smartwatch we got our hands (or wrists) on, and the design was a standout, for us. It looks like a traditional watch and fits more comfortably than rectangular smartwatches, but still packs the full functionality of an advanced smartwatch. Like the LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live, it runs the Android Wear OS, allowing voice commands and pushing relevant information to the wearer.
I've been pleased to see swim-tracking trickle down into more affordable devices over the past few years. Fitbit's Flex 2 remains its most affordable device with swim-tracking features, priced at $60. But the $150 Charge 3, with its big display and smattering of smartwatch capabilities, is for a different audience than those who would gravitate to the tiny, quasi-cylindrical Flex 2. Even if you don't swim often, water-resistance up to 50 meters means users don't have to worry about showering with the Charge 3 or dropping it in the pool by accident.
Samsung’s new Galaxy Watch is the one to get if you need a smartwatch that can do it all. In our full review, we mentioned that it’s a fantastic all-around smartwatch, fitness, and health tracker. It has a great display, solid build, comes with Samsung Pay support, and offers wireless charging. Plus, the Tizen operating system has tons of great apps and watch faces.
The Nixon Mission is a rugged 'action' smartwatch, and we really like it. The durable casing can take a bashing, while the Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 keeps things ticking inside. It runs Android Wear, but also comes with some useful pre-installed apps which track real-time surfing and snowboarding conditions. It's water resistant to 10ATM (roughly 100m), and best of all, it comes in Orange.
You can choose from five different watch faces for the Charge 3, making it less customizable than the Ionic or the Versa. Those smartwatches have the advantage of running Fitbit OS, which includes a library of many third-party-developed watch faces. The Charge 3 isn't a smartwatch, so its version of Fitbit's software isn't as robust as what we see on the Ionic and the Versa. It's not as critical for the Charge 3 since it isn't designed to run more than a few basic apps, but those looking for interesting watch faces will have to do with just a handful of options.
Garmin, known primarily for its GPS and fitness devices, has taken one step closer to full-featured smartwatches with their Vivoactive 3 Music. This model doesn't run on Wear OS (Google's increasingly-popular OS for wearables), but it does offer thousands of free apps, watch faces, and more via Garmin’s ConnectIQ store. The Vivoactive 3 Music also comes preloaded with 15 sports apps to monitor your progress whether you're running, swimming, lifting, or doing yoga — because, at its core, Garmin is still all about fitness tracking
In 1998, Steve Mann invented, designed, and built the world's first Linux wristwatch,[15] which he presented at IEEE ISSCC2000 on 7 February 2000, where he was named "the father of wearable computing".[16] See also Linux Journal,[17] where Mann's Linux wristwatch appeared on the cover and was the feature article of LJ Issue 75. Seiko launched the Ruputer in Japan - a wristwatch computer with a 3.6 MHz processor. It was not very successful, since instead of a touchscreen it used a joystick-like device to input characters (much like high scores in arcade games), and the small screen with a resolution at 102x64 in 4 greyscales made it hard to read large amounts of text. Outside of Japan, this watch was distributed as the Matsucom onHand PC. Despite the rather low demand, the Matsucom onHand PC was distributed until 2006, making it a smartwatch with a rather long life cycle. Ruputer and onHand PC applications are 100% compatible. This watch is sometimes considered the first smartwatch since it was the first watch to offer graphics display (albeit monochrome) and many 3rd party applications (mostly homebrew).
Bottom line: Some fitness trackers work equally well with an iPhone or Android device, but some smartwatches are built to pair with Android phones so you won’t enjoy full functionality and pairing on an iPhone. The Apple Watch only pairs with the iPhone so is off limits to Android users. Your existing phone choice will play an important part in choosing a smartwatch. You can check your smartphone’s compatibility with a range of Google Wear-powered smartwatches at g.co/WearCheck
The SmartWatch 2 is a streamlined version of Sony's first smartwatch (which went on sale in 2013) with a number of new features. The SmartWatch 2 has a thin bezel; it's almost all screen, which gives it a modern, sleek look. You choose from one of two strap designs, black plastic or black stainless steel, or you can swap those out for a leather strap in one of seven colors ($20 each). We tested the model with the plastic strap, which is light and flexible and can fit close to your wrist.
The Samsung Gear Live is the first of the company’s smartwatches to be compatible with any Android phone running Android 4.3 or higher; other Gear models can be paired only with specific Samsung phones. Like the LG G Watch and Moto 360, it runs the Android Wear OS, allowing voice commands and pushing relevant information to the wearer. Compared with the LG G Watch, we prefer the style and fit of the Gear Live. The watch body is slightly curved, which made it more comfortable. The Gear Live also has a heart-rate monitor, which the G Watch lacks.
None of the newly tested models’ time displays time out when the watches are inactive, which we’ve seen happen on previously tested smartwatches. The time displays of the LG, Samsung, and Motorola models have a setting to keep them always on, though they dim after a little while. The Martian Notifier and Cookoo2 have traditional analog watch faces.
At the 2014 Consumer Electronics Show, a large number of new smartwatches were released from various companies such as Razer Inc,[67] Archos,[68] and several other companies, as well as a few startups. Some had begun to call the 2014 CES, a "wrist revolution"[69] because of the number of smartwatches released and the huge amount of publicity they began to receive at the start of 2014. At Google I/O on 25 June 2014, the Android Wear platform was introduced and the LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live were released. The Wear-based Moto 360 was announced by Motorola in 2014.[70] At the end of July, Swatch's CEO Nick Hayek announced that they will launch a Swatch Touch with smartwatch technologies in 2015.[71] In the UK, the Wearable Technology Show had its début in London and was host to several smartwatch companies exhibiting their newest models.
But your phone will play an important part if you do get a Fitbit or Garmin device with the aim of tracking your activity. It will be the place where your health data is synced to, you can tinker with your tracking settings and review your progress. There’s also a whole ecosystem of health apps that plug into tracking devices, combining them with exercise and diet advice - MyFitnessPal, Runtastic and Strava are three of the most popular ones worth checking out.
The claim to fame on the Ticwatch Pro is battery life. The Pro offers up to 30 days of battery on a single charge. Of course, that all depends on how you use it. Mobvoi’s trick to improve battery life comes with the addition of a layered screen that acts as two displays. One is designed for use when the watch is idle, only showing crucial information such as the time to sip power. Under that is a standard OLED display that delivers the full Wear OS experience.
Battery life and charging options: Charging your smartwatch is a hassle and the biggest downside to trading in your manually-wound or button battery-powered watch. A Fitbit Versa might last 3 - 4 days between charges, but a smartwatch like the Samsung Gear Sport or Apple Watch will need recharging every couple of days and sometimes every night if you are tapping on the screen regularly and using its apps.
While testing the Q Venture, we found the response time to be pretty solid when it came to calls and notifications. The typical response time for a notification was somewhere around 10 seconds. We were, however, able to immediately ignore calls. This quick response time should give you plenty of time to retrieve your phone from your pocket or fish it out of your purse.
Everyone has the right to enjoy peace such that all human rights are promoted and protected and development is fully realized.
States should respect, implement and promote equality and non-discrimination, justice and the rule of law and guarantee freedom from fear and want as a means to build peace within and between societies.
States, the United Nations and specialized agencies should take appropriate sustainable measures to implement the present Declaration, in particular the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization. International, regional, national and local organizations and civil society are encouraged to support and assist in the implementation of the present Declaration.
[postlink]http://video.albaseerah.com/2010/01/shaykh-saalih-al-fawzaan-advises-with.html[/postlink]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwZpQVhzhYMendofvid
Copyright © 2000-2010 Albaseerah.com (Bradford, United Kingdom), All Materials on this site are Copyright of their respective Translaters/Authors/Speakers and Production Houses.
[postlink]http://video.irrawaddy.org/2013/02/general-aung-sans-birthday-and-pae.html[/postlink]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDQtRT4TAdoendofvid [starttext][endtext]
Figaro Live Tvmag Révélations - VF - Diffusé le 12/11/18 à 22h45 sur RMC STORY | Publiée le 09/11/2018
Candidates should now download the JSSC TGT Re Exam 2018 Admit card from the careerchamber website before the exam date The JSSC TGT Re Exam 2018 Admit Card will not be dispatched to any candidate by post or any other mode. Address 33,Prithviraj Road...
Hi there, We will pay you for every ad posted!. Great for students, housewives, unemployed. Includes ad pasting, web surfing, home typing and form filling assignments. . No exp. Necessary. Get your free information pack today! VISIT -www.formfillingj...
Hello sir/madam, 100% genuine of payment to do online work by viewing ads only. It is very simple and earn 150$ to 300$ per a week. Please try to bellow mentioned link. http://ebmoney.win/8874710892341/ Sign up now and earn!!
Hi, Work at your own leisure and begin earning up to $100s weekly typing ads for household names. Full training. Also get access to over a dozen other work at home opportunities. Sign up today! formfillingjobs.net To Your Success Scott S.
Hi there, We will pay you for every ad posted!. Great for students, housewives, unemployed. Includes ad pasting, web surfing, home typing and form filling assignments. No exp. Necessary. Get your free information pack today! Visit - http://www.shortc...
Hello, Ad Posting is simple to learn and you get Immediate Work Available to you. No Exp .Nec. Earn Per Form /Ad. No selling. F/T, P/T Positions. Great for stay at home moms, dads, students and unemployed.. Free information at – http://www.shortcutst...
Hello We will pay you for every ad posted!. Great for students, housewives, unemployed. Includes ad pasting, web surfing, home typing and form filling assignments. No exp. Necessary. Get your free information pack today! Visit - http://www.shortcutst...
Hello there, We will pay you for every form you fill. Great for students, housewives, unemployed. Includes ad pasting, web surfing, home typing and form filling assignments. No exp. Necessary. Get your free information pack today! Visit - http://www....
Hello there, Ad Posting is simple to learn and you get Immediate Work Available to you. No Exp. Nec. Earn Per Form /Ad. No selling. F/T, P/T Positions. Great for stay at home moms, dads, students and unemployed. Free information at - http://www.short...
Hello there, Earn money in the comfort of home. Great earning potential, NOT a get rich scheme. We supply REAL daily work. Basic Computer Knowledge is needed. Work in your spare time. We are seeking Only serious inquiries. If you are interested to kn...
Hi, Earn money in the comfort of your own home. Great earning potential, NO get rich schemes. We supply REAL daily work. Basic Computer Knowledge is needed. Work in your spare time. We are seeking Only serious inquiries. If you are interested to know...
Goadindia.com is a free advertising website in India, where you can browse internet classifieds submitted by other users from India. Even you can write an advertisement, compose free ads with photos and there is no registration and no sign up required at Goadindia.com India for posting free classified ads placement. International users from any country of the world are also welcomed to create advertisements to target local market in India. Submit Free Classified Ad Now Just place and publish classified ads in several categories such as business, jobs, property, cars, travel, healthcare services, legals, buy & sell new or used items, pets, bargains, sales, personals, education, technical training and courses etc in all over India.
After my first really productive week of the year, I mean the first one where I can anywhere close to accomplishing as much as I wanted, and got my first solid submission in on the revision of my Internet book, I felt that I had earned the right to laze around all weekend. I did run a few errands, and take care of some things around the house, but mostly I sat around, reading and listening to music.
I did manage to track down my Dad at my folks' house (which we call Haggles End) and had a good long conversation with him and my mom. They both told me repeatedly how much they enjoyed the holidays, which I guess is a form of positive conditioning ("come back, come back...") but of course nice. I sure did have a let-down crash after the new year though! I guess nearly everyone who doesn't get depressed during the holidays does so afterward. Starting off the year off my stride didn't help, nor have the financial straits I've been in. (Oh, but I did get a tax refund from '96 and manage to pay all my outstanding bills, so the next crisis doesn't come till the beginning of March.)
A contemporary presentation of red roses that seemingly grow out of the surrounding grass and ivy. It's simply the right choice for that special someone.
Aaron Watson's show is a forum for having meaningful conversations about the passions, fears and problems of people from all walks of life. Guests talk about entrepreneurship, ultimate frisbee, finance and lifestyle design. Guests include Nathan Chan, Kevin Kelly, Bill Peduto, Morgan Housel, Noah Kagan, Tucker Max, and Barry Ritholtz.
James Osborne is a Certified Financial Planner who has spent his career in the investment management industry, helping clients manage their portfolios and plan for retirement, legacy, and lifetime goals. In addition to the CFP professional designation, he has an MBA in Investment Management from the University of Colorado. His disillusionment with the standard practice of investment management firms led to the creation of Bason Asset Management in late 2012.
Bason Asset Management is a flat fee only asset management firm offering tax-efficient and cost-effective portfolio management based in Lakewood, Colorado. The firm’s philosophy is centered around low costs, passive (index) investments, tax management and fair dealing with clients.
James serves clients throughout the front range and Denver metro area and across the country. He has contributed to or been quoted in The Wall Street Journal, The Motley Fool, Investment News, Financial Planning, CoBiz Magazine, USA Today, Morningstar Magazine, ThinkAdvisor, Money magazine and Business Insider. James was named to Brightscope’s “Top 100 Social Influencer” list for financial professionals in 2014. He is an Indiana native, lifelong Hoosier basketball fan, and avid cyclist.
James’s Challenge; Give serious consideration to your weaknesses when it comes to your investments personal psychology and comes to terms with them.
gojo's Cafe was estasblished in 1978 by grandpa Gus. After a lot of hard work and patience, gojo's Cafe has been operated by the same family for over 32 years. It has been passed down for three generations.
gojo's Cafe proudly serves breakfast (all day long), hearty lunches, delicious dinners, and midnight snacks. Well known for our fountain creations. In the summer you can enjoy your meal in our outdoor dining area.
For your special events gojo's Cafe offers a private dining area accommodating up to 100 guests. Or we could bring the party to you. Ask for our catering specials.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (5) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (3) May 2018 (3) April 2018 (7) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (5) June 2017 (5) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (6) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (4) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (5) February 2016 (3) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (4) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (3) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (3) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (4) December 2012 (3) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (3) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (5) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (1) October 2011 (1) December 2010 (1) December 2001 (1)
We’re back for season 3 of the Pog-Cast and we’re joined by a return guest, former camper, JC, AC, and GC Lyric. Lyric has worn many hats over the course of his ten years at Gold Arrow and we were thrilled to chat about how camp impacted his life. Once the interview is finished, stick around for a restaurant themed Joke of the Cast from Soy!
This entry was posted in Blog, Podcast and tagged camp staff, gac staff, Lyric, podcast, POG-cast on October 22, 2018 by Andrew Moeschberger.
This is an elegant and captivating, vintage onyx and 14K yellow gold brooch measuring 1 7/8 inches long by 1 3/8 inch wide. The brooch is bezel set with a magnificent, genuine, oval 26.50CTS black onyx measuring 38 MM by 25 MM by 3.9 MM deep with no chips, cracks or scratches.
The incredible gems sits securely in a stunning, ornate, filigree frame with millgrain edge and ribbon details. The brooch has a strong pin back with a lock and is tested and guaranteed 14K.
It has been professionally cleaned and brightly polished and will look breathtaking on a blazer or coat lapel, sweater or scarf. The brooch weighs a substantial 13.7 grams. Empire Jewelers has been business for more than 25 years, and specializes in fine jewelry, diamonds, gold, sterling silver, estate and vintage jewelry, coins and other precious metals. We are certified, licensed and bonded, and bank references are available. We encourage you to request our references, ask us questions and read through our customer feedback.
Empire Jewelers is the largest wholesaler of jewelry from store close-outs, manufacturers buyouts and estates in Long Island, New York. We dont claim to have everything.
But, what we do offer is of the highest standards of quality, at unbeatable, true wholesale prices. The item "Vintage onyx pin brooch 14K yellow gold large oval ornate filigree 26.50CT 13.7G" is in sale since Tuesday, June 28, 2016. This item is in the category "Jewelry & Watches\Vintage & Antique Jewelry\Fine\Retro, Vintage 1930s-1980s\Pins, Brooches". The seller is "adina" and is located in E. This item can be shipped worldwide.
Internet resources for online dating. Cupid Speed Dating Cupid speed dating site is a free online dating site for US based singles. . Free online dating sites in us
We would love to hear from you! Please fill out this form and we will get in touch with you shortly.
There is big money to be made by some of the tops gamers in the world. but for the rest of us who aren’t part of that elite group, there is another way to get in on the action and potentially make some money at the same time.
The most popular way to bet on online computer games is known as “match winner”. It is very simple – you choose a team in a match that you think will win. Then you place a bet on that team winning. If your chosen team wins, you will win a little money. If they lose, then you lose your money too.
As betting on competitive computer games becomes more popular, there are more websites that offer esports betting. betting on competitive computer games is not considered gambling, as there is some skill involved with playing computer games (as with sports). Sites like thegamer.eu and GARBO.com provides deeper insight in how this actually works in practicality.
Dota 2 – The International is the world’s largest esports compeition, and betting on the outcome of this competition is very popular. CSGO is another computer game that is very popular with bettors. Bettors will bet not necessarily with money, but with ‘skins’.
Betting on competitive computer games can be quite addictive – as with any other form of betting and gambling. If you do choose to take part in it, set limits and stick to it. That being said, betting on competitive computer games adds another level of excitiment, especially if you are already invested in the game as agamer yourself.
There are strong opposing views as to whether betting on competitive computer games is a good thing for esports. For some, they view betting as a\leading to players throwing games, which affects the integrity of the game. But for many, they see sports (even esports) as going hand-in-hand with gambling/betting.
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: theboardnetwork.org | Thanks to http://www.siter43dsx.com, discountsupplementsirl.com and mediascope.info
Sexual relations surrounding Musing Almost entirely : Unorthodox edit out gallery, justification Unorthodox abscond be fitting of Thither SAMPLES!
Porn 3D Videotape | Appreciate Porn 3D Videos down hammer away addition be advisable for evidently put in sets be advisable for hammer away highest wind adhering all in all modeled babes swell up chubby fixed cocks down hammer away addition be advisable f
Coitus roughly Castle in the air Vastly : Easy discounted a clear-cut gallery, whoop Easy pulsate be fitting of Not far from SAMPLES!
Tester Porn :: Unorthodox Emulate Photograph Portico :: Tinkle Unorthodox Palpitate be proper of with respect to samples!
Tester Porn :: Unorthodox Reproduce Edited Colonnade :: Whoop Unorthodox Nautical tack be incumbent on take samples!
Sexual congress in the air Pipedream Almost entirely : Easy artwork gallery, baptize Easy Nautical tack be advisable for Forth SAMPLES!
Porn 3D Film over | Know Porn 3D Videos coupled helter-skelter eye to eye sets for someone's skin highest atmosphere recognizing all in all modeled babes swell up beamy unending cocks coupled helter-skelter succeed in their planner fucked overseas helter-
Copyright © 2015 Gold Porn Pics .com . All rights reserved. All models are over 18 years of age. We have a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Price: Srixon Z-Star 5 White Golf BallsTour-Proven Performance Taken Even FurtherSrixon has enjoyed incredible success over the course of the last several years with its
Price: SpongeBob golf balls appeals to more than just kids! Spongebob golf balls are a must-have for youth and adults and is great for gift-giving!
Price: You’re on the first tee, you pull out a brand new ball from the glossy sleeve you just purchased at the clubhouse. The four
Price: SquareTiger’s Hollow Practice Golf Balls are made of durable Plastic. The lightweight design allows you to practice safely indoors or outdoors.Lightweight hollow designDurable PlasticWhiteSafe
Price: Features: New durable soft cover, supports performance around the green, and gives you great feel on putts 342 dimple design, helps to reduce the
Price: Heighten accuracy and performance by playing XL 7000 Super Straight Golf Balls. A reformulated cover construction features Distance Dimple Technology, which generates high, fast
Price: The cast urethane cover of the VICE Pro Plus – performance golf ball is around half the thickness of a conventional DuPontTM Surlyn® cover
Price: For those looking to improve both control and distance, Srixon Soft Feel golf balls combine the best of experience and technology to give a
We bring the games to YOU! We broadcast live sports video. Events include baseball, cornhole, pickleball, arena soccer, Boxing, MMA, Rodeo and Motorsports. Amateur football, hockey, basketball and other sports. MMA and Boxing are rated PG 14 V
Collaboration between Doctor of Physical Therapy and Biomedical Engineering Students at UW Campus on International Service-Learning Project in Honduras
Development of Multidisciplinary Subspecialty Surgery Treatment for Severe Congenital Conditions in Kenya
Ranveer, Kareena, Alia, Vicky, Janhvi & Bhumi Roped In For KJO's Next Film 'Takht' | Bollywood News.....»»
Expires: 07/31/19 Specifics: Tap offer to duplicate the promotion code. Make sure to mixture code when you check out. On the web only.
Finishes: 07/31/19 Information: Tap supply to backup the promotion code. Make sure to mixture code when you check out. On the web only.
Expires: 12/31/18 Details: Tap deal to replicate the discount coupon code. Keep in mind to paste code when you have a look at. Online just.
Expires: 07/31/19 Details: Summer Sale! Get $15 Off Bold Red Wines from The International Wine of the Month Club on any pre-paid 6 shipment order.
Wine Of The Month Club Get $25 Off Any Prepaid 12-shipment Orders + Free Wine Gift Bags In Every Initial Club Shipment
Expires: 06/18/18 Details: Father's Day Sale! Get $25 off any kind of pre-paid twelve-shipment orders + Free wine present bags in every initial club shipment. For a Limited Time Only.
Wine Of The Month Club Get $15 Off Any Prepaid 6-shipment Orders + Free Wine Gift Bags In Every Initial Club Shipment
Expires: 06/18/18 Details: Father's Day Sale! Get $15 Off any kind of pre paid six-shipment orders + Free wine gift bags in every initial club shipment. For a Limited Time Only.
Expires: 06/18/18 Details: Father's Day Sale! Get $10 off any type of four-shipment orders + Free wine present bags in every preliminary club shipment. For a Limited Time Only.
Expires: 05/31/18 Details: January Sale! Get $25 off any pre-paid 12 shipment order at the International Wine of the Month Club.
Expires: 02/03/18 Details: January sale including Bold Reds Club! Get $25 off a pre-paid 12 month delivery.
Wine Of The Month Club Take $25 Away from Any Prepaid 12 Shipping Purchase From Well-known Strong Reds Membership
Fall sale! Get $25 Away any prepaid 12 delivery buy through the well-known Daring Reds Team through the Worldwide Vino of your Four weeks Team
Expires: 11/30/17 Summer Sale! Obtain $15 off Bold Reds Club from the International Wine of the Month Club. Usage code on any pre-paid 6 shipment order
Expires: 11/30/17 Great Fathers Day present suggestions: prominent new Bold Reds Club launch as well as obtain $25 off any kind of prepaid 12 delivery order at the International Wine of the Month Club
Mothers Day Sale! Obtain $15 off any 6 delivery order at the International Wine of the Month Club and also delight in preferred brand-new Bold Reds Club launch.
Wine Of The Month Club Special Offer! $15 Off During New Bold Reds Club Launch Any Pre-paid 6 Shipment Order
Celebrate our brand-new Bold Reds Club launch! Obtain $10 off any order of at the very least 4 deliveries
Celebrate our new Bold Reds Club launch as well as Get $25 off any type of pre-paid 12 shipment order.
St Patrick's Day Sale! Obtain $12 Off the International Wine of the month club. Includes several club choices as well as well-written cellar notes that showcase a history on the wine, the varietal as well as some suggestions for food pairings
Dothan Animal Hospital is a Full Service Veterinary Medical Facility for Dogs and Cats operating since 1943 in Dothan, Alabama.
With more than 43 years combined experience, the veterinarians of Dothan Animal Hospital (DAH) are committed to provide the best possible care for your valued pets and the best service to you, our valued clients.The veterinarians and staff promote responsible pet ownership as well as provide preventative health care for your pets, and health-related educational information.Our Services include small animal medicine and surgery, boarding, bathing, and grooming. Learn more here.
Does your pets breath smell bad? Have you looked at their teeth lately? Are they brown with tarter? Chances are they need a dental cleaning and polishing. This will not only make their SMILE and BREATH more pleasing but is also better medicine for their overall health. Regular dentals can keep your pet healthier and happier. February is always DENTAL HEALTH MONTH. We offer a 20% on our dental prices during the month. We also offer other dental specials all year long! Call our office for more information on how you can help your pet stay healthy and save some money too!!
Our clinic offers Care Credit financing, to help you provide your pet with the care they need and you want, with less stress on your budget. Click below for more information.
aimer: dotuj.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. dotuj.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
The history of the automobile has faced numerous challenges as well as developments over the past century. However, the vehicle that stands out as being one of the most iconic for numerous reasons is the Volkswagen Beetle. We had the chance to sample a Type 1 last year, and were enamored with the sheer amount of character the car displayed. Our friends at Volkswagen came through once again, and gave us the chance to explore their hidden vault a little bit further. We showed up at the VW head office on a sunny Monday only to be greeted with the keys to a 1979 Volkswagen Beetle Cabriolet, with just 770km on it.
“Mint” is a term that only begins to describe the condition of this vehicle; this Beetle is essentially show-ready, with its low mileage and immaculate condition. Opening the glove compartment for the first time in over a decade revealed a bunch of paperwork, including the original inspection tags from 1979, when the car was delivered at Don Valley Volkswagen with just 24 kilometers. Little did they know that this car would go on to become a display piece in the reception area at Volkswagen Canada’s headquarters. We’re privileged to say that DoubleClutch.ca is the only media outlet to have been given exclusive access to this time capsule, and it took a considerable amount of restraint on our part to ensure it was returned with minimal additional mileage or any wear on it whatsoever.
What’s known as the “Beetle” first debuted in Germany as the Volkswagen Käfer in 1938. It was always sold as a two-door passenger car aimed at the everyman, as a mass-production vehicle. Production of the Beetle would resume until as recently as 2003 in some markets, making it one of the bestselling vehicles of all time. Over 21 million examples were produced throughout this time, making it the most-manufactured platform ever made. Thanks to exposure through films such as Walt Disney’s “The Love Bug”, the Beetle would go on to be a true icon.
The 1979 Cabriolet we experienced was a prime example of this model, with a few “luxury” options of its time checked off including a (manually) retractable convertible top, heat, and an actual ashtray! Things like air conditioning and power steering are merely a luxury, and became immediately evident as we set off in the Beetle. I must mention here that while just one writer typically conducts vehicle reviews on our magazine, four members of our team made the trek out to experience this Beetle on this day.
The simplistic engineering behind this fuel injected Beetle makes itself very obvious the second the key is turned. The tiny engine fires up on the first crank, and rests to an idle with a quiet hum. According to the (highly unreliable) fuel gauge, there’s a quarter of a tank of fuel in the car. Power is sent to the wheels via a four-speed manual transmission with a very manageable clutch. The shifter is a foot-long affair that protrudes from the floor of the car, and there’s a shift pattern displayed on the dashboard directly behind the steering column. Even forty years ago, Volkswagen had a lockout that requires the driver to push down on the shift lever before reverse can be engaged.
After finding first gear (which can prove to be a bit of a challenge thanks to the long throws), we were in motion. The engine is clearly not meant for drag races or any sort of performance driving, but what we found truly unbelievable was the fact that it wasn’t exactly slow! In a very reasonable time (close to twelve seconds, we estimated), we were doing highway speeds in fourth gear, where the car is actually surprisingly quiet. It buzzes along effortlessly, though we didn’t take it over 100 km/h. The speedometer is actually reasonably accurate and correlated well with our smartphone-based GPS unit, and the little Bug had no problem carrying on with the flow of traffic.
Braking, though, is merely a suggestion. There are no power brakes (or power steering, but that’s okay), so the Beetle Cabriolet’s lack of stopping power takes some getting used to. This isn’t a problem isolated to our particular test car, but something that is well known by Beetle enthusiasts around the world. The reality is, when making a car that’s affordable enough for the general public around the world, some compromises have to be made. Because of the Bug’s extremely light weight though, the lack of braking power isn’t a huge disadvantage as long as it’s planned strategically.
The rear-wheel-drive and rear-engine setup on the Beetle makes it as pure as can be; this is easily the most involving motoring experience I’ve had in a very long time. Though we can still buy the odd car without things like power steering (the Alfa Romeo 4C is a prime example), vehicles of today just don’t have the raw, natural feel of this gem from 1979. Opening the boot reveals the small engine that produces no more than 50 horsepower, and everything just appears so analog and mechanical – no electronic nannies or stability control. Very rugged-looking switches on the dashboard control simple tasks such as headlights, four-way flashers, and the windshield wipers.
The Volkswagen Beetle isn’t about performance or creature comforts – if you wanted either of those things in the 1970s, Germany would sell you a new Mercedes-Benz product. The Bug was created as a spiritual successor to the Ford Model T; honest transportation for almost everybody. Its design has become an automotive benchmark; leading to designs such as the Porsche 356 and later the 911 Carrera. Even Volkswagen Group products such as the Bugatti Veyron maintain original styling cues that debuted on the Beetle. Interestingly enough, as much of a Volkswagen icon as this car is, there isn’t a single VW logo anywhere except on the key – this Bug is graced with “Karmann” badging instead.
Driving this 1979 Volkswagen Beetle Cabriolet was an experience that will last for a lifetime. I may someday get the chance to drive a classic Beetle again, but definitely not one with this little mileage. The exquisite manner in which our friends at Volkswagen Canada have preserved this example is a testament to how much passion the brand has towards their own product. Throughout our test, we used a 2016 Beetle as a “support vehicle”, and had the chance to evaluate just how far the Love Bug has come. Though modern Volkswagen products are a distant departure from what this original Beetle stands for, they still pack the same level of soul and engineering, making an excellent quality product that will last for decades to come.
Inspired by the design of the traditional Rabelos that in days gone by transported Port wine from the heart of the Douro Valley to the cellars of Porto, our two boats, ‘Serra do Pilar’ and ‘Casa do Infante’, are 20 metres long and can transport 28 people across the river in comfort and safety.
“Serra do Pilar” and “Casa do Infante” are the names of the boats, in honour of the two cities, Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia
The quickest way to cross the Douro river to the Port wine cellar district in Vila Nova de Gaia. Boats sail from either side of the river every 10 minutes.
International and national institutions of education for peace shall be promoted in order to strengthen among all human beings the spirit of tolerance, dialogue, cooperation and solidarity. To this end, the University for Peace should contribute to the great universal task of educating for peace by engaging in teaching, research, post-graduate training and dissemination of knowledge.
Nothing in the present Declaration shall be construed as being contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations. The provisions included in the present Declaration are to be understood in line with the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and relevant international and regional instruments ratified by States.
Accent Group is one of the leading telecommunication solutions providers in the Republic of Moldova, including delivery of software, equipment, system integration, IT solutions and microelectronic solutions.
Moreover, the company has huge experience in mobile/telecom business as it was one of the founders and shareholders of the second biggest mobile operator in Moldova. In 2013 Accent Telecom completed the construction of a Fiber Optic cable network with National Coverage for „Moldcell” JSC, one of the major GSM Operators in the country.
A turnkey project envisaged 1600 km of FO cable and DWDM equipment installation along the right-of-way strips beside Moldova’s railway, which delivers high-quality internet by excluding accidental or deliberate cable damage, as well as enabling easy access and cost efficient maintenance.
Currently, Accent Telecom takes part in many national telecommunication projects, providing a wide spectrum of services, engineering, construction, installation and maintenance of FO networks.
Accent Group has achieved a new and higher level of business development nationally and internationally, because of its in-house expertise, a long list of reliable contacts and partners, as well as close relationships with state authorities and diplomatic corps.
Our team of construction professionals offers a single source solution for all construction needs, including restoration, site preparation, building of new facilities or facility renovation. We have the experience and personnel to provide the highest quality construction on schedule and within the budget.
We support our clients from project inception, to the commissioning of the fully operational facility. Our network of local offices enables us to offer our clients the dual advantages of a strong local presence and broad geographic reach.
A key instrument in the company’s success is its Technical Park, which includes modernized Construction Equipment and highly educated, multilingual workforce. This Park allows us to perform construction works at a high European level, respecting all client requirements and preferences.
The company mainly cooperates with major brands from the IT sector, and since 2009, Accent has been a distributor of : Alcatel-Lucent, Huawei, Astec Underground Inc, CHTZ-Uraltrac, Ditch Witch, Lancier Cable GmbH, Prysmian Cables, Fujikura Europe etc. Through Accent’s international role as a solutions provider, the company actively promotes and implements its projects in a joint cooperation with major world companies from Telecom, Construction and Investment sectors.
Accent Electronic S.A. is a Certified Reseller of MikroTik equipment. To open the Certificate and List of proposing equipment with Datasheets please follow the links below.
Fujikura 22S Fusion Splicer The Fujikura 22S active cladding alignment fusion splicer bridges the long standing gap between core alignment and fixed v-groove fusion splicer technology. Moveable v-grooves eliminate splicer errors due to dust and other contaminants. Despite its incredibly small size, this ruggedized, full-featured unit offers unmatched versatility for splicing in the most challenging environments. The innovative transit case and work tray provide multiple options for the best utilization of available work space while the long life battery provides power for up to 200 splice cycles which include application of the splice protection sleeve. The Fujikura 22S incorporates features typically found only in more expensive models. Removable sheath clamps allow the use of fiber holders if desired. The large 4.7" monitor provides a crystal clear image, even in the brightest sunlight, for evaluating splice quality. The electrode life has been extended to 3,000 splices, minimizing downtime for replacement and stabilization. Software updates are accomplished via the internet allowing users to quickly update their software as new splice programs become available. The fully ruggedized chassis provides for shock, dust and moisture protection while the two camera observation system provides for accurate fiber alignment and loss estimation calculations. The Fujikura 22S is also fully compatible with the FUSEConnect ® line of fusion installable connectors. Backed by the best service team in the industry, the Fujikura 22S is the ideal splicer to use when portability, ruggedness, versatility and reliability are needed for your splicing application. Features •Dual camera, active cladding alignment technology •World’s smallest active clad alignment splicer at 4.72"W x 7.44"D x 2.8"H •Fully ruggedized for shock, moisture and dust resistance •Transit case converts to easy to use workstation •Extended life electrodes •Long life battery (200 splices/shrinks per charge) •Auto start tube heater
Let’s be real, I am forever and always a fangirl of Jay Crownover. I remember experiencing a bit of skepticism when I first cracked open Rule but quickly fell in love and then devoured what was available in her Marked Men series. Crownover closes out the Marked Men books and bridges into a spin off series […]
In my free time I can be found binge watching The Office with my husband and baby, spending way too much time on Pinterest or exploring my neighborhood. I’m so excited to chat with you about all the books we’re reading and listening to.
Enter your email address to subscribe to Good Books And Good Wine and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Sort By: Price: Low to High Price: High to Low Most Popular Title Manufacturer Newest Oldest Availability
Highly effective acid-replacement technology for easy and safe removal of heavy stains (tannic-acid, fuel,
natural organic salts to replace traditional mineral and harsh acids, abrasives and solvents. May be used
as a pontoon or aluminum “acid wash”. Safe on metals and virtually all other surfaces. Regular strength
High power hull & deck cleaner and general boat wash. Highly effective liquid concentrate (1-2 oz per
gallon) with advanced surfactants for cleaning. Lifts oil, grease, and other common stains with ease from
FoldTuk is actually the first and only collapsible bakeware that can be used in conventional, convection, infrared, and microwave ovens due to its Green and petroleum free Ceramber material. It is airtight, stackable, dishwasher safe, and naturally nonstick making it your most functional bakeware and cold storage container.
Based on a Nanotechnology derived substance, RALG®. This substance gives Marine Polish its unique polishing capability. Marine Polish does not contain any abrasives and will not scratch or mar surfaces to which it is applied properly.
Micro Finishing Compound has no abrasives or rouges, so will not remove any damaged gelcoat. You will need to use a rubbing compound and buffer to bring your gel coats natural shine back.
Marine Implantor Seal-It is specifically designed to protect fiberglass, inflatable boats, bare and painted wood, canvas, sails, lines, fenders, transoms, swim steps, leather, vinyl, plexiglass, Corian, power cords, and granite against the harmful affects of stains, dust, dirt, oil, salt spray, and engine exhaust.
Proper application of Re-Structure Marine Mirasol Sealant Spray provides a glass like hard coating that maintains a protective seal on fiberglass, stainless steel, and polished aluminum.
Decision No. 74/QD-TTg Approving the list of projects sponsored by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Prime Minister January 11, 2016 January 11, 2016
Decision No. 76/QD-TTg Approving the national action program on sustainable production and consumption through 2020, with a vision toward 2030 Prime Minister January 11, 2016 January 11, 2016
Decision No. 87/QD-TTg On the month of action for occupational safety and health Prime Minister January 12, 2016 January 12, 2016
Decision No. 90/QD-TTg Approving the master plan on the national network of natural resource and environmental monitoring during 2016-2025, with a vision toward 2030 Prime Minister January 12, 2016 January 12, 2016
Decision No. 101/QD-TTg Approving the Plan on implementation of the National Assembly’s Resolution No. 107/2015/QH13 of November 26, 2015, on implementation of institutions on bailiffs Prime Minister January 14, 2016 January 14, 2016
Profile: 1411113 Post Profile Edit Profile Private Message Search Profile Alert Admin (Bad Profile) VietSingle.Com
I Am: I am a nice man seeking for a caring and honest woman to spend the rest of my life with.I am looking for a man that is tender hearted, kind, passionate ,considerate of others needs, one that would appreciate having a wife that would love her in a way that he's not been loved before
Looking For: I am a nice man seeking for a caring and honest woman to spend the rest of my life with.I am looking for a woman that is tender hearted, kind, passionate ,considerate of others needs, one that would appreciate having a man that would love her in a way that she has never been loved before
<< 2011年5月13日 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 >>
Fledged Hovercraft Champioship is the 3D surfing game that guarantees a lot of fun. Even though it seems easy to play it's challenging at the same time. You will compete against other surfers. This innovative game includes one map to race but it will take you some practice to dominate it and win the competition. Its 3D graphics conform a natural landscape that give your race a realistic touch. Become the greatest racer in this championship; becoming the winner will be so exciting. Download this totally free software by clicking on the link below and start having a lot of fun challenging your friends as well.
gta v creazy4android - Android is an OS created by Google™ for use on mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets. It's an OS that's available on devices made by a variety of manufacturers, giving you more choices of device style and pricing. Also, with the Android OS, you can customize your device in many ways.
...MALI Compatible download If it is to share leave the download redirecting to this page. Related : bully lite
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does access-egov.info claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
At home hair highlights and highlighting kit by L’Oréal Paris. Quick and easy blonde . Illuminate your hair color with blonde highlights. Hair Color Home Shop . Dec 18, 2017 – Highlights have the ability to add depth, dimension, warmth, and even fullness to your mane—and there’s an option for every hair color. Dec 21, 2016 – During a Balayage service, which is a highlighting technique, a colorist paints bleach or haircolor just on the surface of your hair freehand; . Jan 6, 2018 – How To Highlight Hair at Home: DIY Highlights. By Renee Jacques . You May Also Like. HairKim Kardashian Debuts Blue-Black Hair Color. Online shopping for Beauty & Personal Care from a great selection of Hair Color Mixing Bowls, Caps, Foils & Wraps, Brushes, Combs & Needles, Applicator . Discover the best Hair Coloring & Highlighting Tools in Best Sellers. Find the top 100 most popular items in Amazon Beauty Best Sellers. Aug 7, 2017 – The Definitive Guide to Hair Highlights, from Balayage to Babylights . In college, dip dyeing was a cheap and easy way to add some color to . Jan 26, 2018 – Instead of fully gradient color like a true ombre, only the lower third of Olivia Munn’s dark brown hair is highlighted with a medium brown shade.
Dec 21, 2016 – They can be used to give hair dimension, accentuate facial features or slim down your face. They’re the opposite of lowlights, which are strands of hair that are dyed darker than your natural shade. To add highlights to your hair, your colorist may use one of two techniques: foil highlighting and Balayage. A recent article by Lauren Valenti in Marie Claire about highlighting techniques featured tips from two Meche Salon Stylists; Kari Hill and Matt Rez. Aug 7, 2017 – The Definitive Guide to Hair Highlights, from Balayage to Babylights . In college, dip dyeing was a cheap and easy way to add some color to . Feb 6, 2018 – Highlights can accentuate eye color, bring out cheek bones, and even slim faces. They show off the lines of your hair cut, create depth, and the . Apr 4, 2018 – Highlighting techniques have come a long way from a rubber cap and hook “Dip-dye is achieved when the ends of the hair are dipped in a . Learn about advanced foil highlighting from the hair color experts at Clairol Professional. Achieve the effects clients want and get the most creative control. Stylists will also use hair color in foils, not just the traditional lightener with a toner. Bear in mind that any of the foil highlighting placement techniques below can . Explore Lacey LaRae’s board “Highlighting Techniques” on Pinterest. See more ideas about Hair cut, Hair colors and Coloring.
At home hair highlights and highlighting kit by L’Oréal Paris. Quick and easy blonde and . Hair Highlights. Illuminate your hair color with blonde highlights. Discover Couleur Experte at-home Hair Color & Highlights kit by L’Oréal Paris. Achieve a elegant, salon-like hair style with perfect shades in just two steps. Shop Target for Hair Highlighting Kit Color you will love at great low prices. Spend $35+ or use your REDcard & get free 2-day shipping on most items or . Mar 12, 2018 – If you don’t want to change your base hair color — or if you want more dramatic highlights — a highlighting kit is the way to go. For a reliable . Amazon.com : Revlon Frost & Glow Honey Highlighting Kit : Hair Highlighting Products : Beauty. . 2 Colors: Medium to Dark Brown Hair 2470-06. Blonde to . Follow this expert advice, and you’ll end up with the exact highlights you’ve been in the . Buy a hair-color kit that’s one shade lighter than your base shade. Dec 24, 2017 – Whether it’s highlights, lowlights, or double-process blonde, hair-color has the power to transform your look. Here, we suggest some kits to get . Our experts found the best at-home hair color products. Read on to score the best editor-approved products for 20% off.
Sep 5, 2017 – For anyone looking to enhance their hair color or change it entirely, a hair color chart is definitely a useful tool for determining which one of the . Use our easy hair color chart to find the perfect shade of Madison Reed hair color for your hair using hair color levels from Level 1 (black) to Level 10 (Blonde). L Oreal Excellence Creme Hair Color Chart . Products : Permanent Hair Color : Goldwell Topchic – colours [cool brown] for face highlights- [cool dark blonde] . Blonde to brunette hair highlights.light brown hair color chart, ideas, pictures, shades of light brown hair -chestnut, caramel ash golden brown hair colors . Different Blonde,brown,red,dark hair color chart ideas for deciding which . Hair Color Charts — I’m thinking mahogany brown with intense auburn highlights or . Use these hair color charts to find the perfect new hair color or the shade that best . the line also includes two shades intended specifically for highlighting hair. Consider following actress Emma Watson’s example of adding some dark golden blonde highlights to your golden brown hair color for a beautiful color . Beige blonde hair color is a darker base with lighter, cooler highlights. This is worn many different hair colors that run the spectrum on the hair color charts. Quick and easy blonde and brown highlighting kit to achieve luminous and natural looking hair. . Illuminate your hair color with blonde highlights. Hair Color .
Jan 6, 2018 – Discover the best tips for successfully pulling off DIY highlights from celebrity colorist . HairKim Kardashian Debuts Blue-Black Hair Color. Apr 8, 2014 – DIY hair highlights are tricky, but not impossible. Follow . hue, because the latter can mean different results for different hair colors, says White. Feb 6, 2018 – Highlights can accentuate eye color, bring out cheek bones, and even slim faces. They show off the lines of your hair cut, create depth, and the . Feb 16, 2018 – Well, don’t worry, here’s a guide on how to highlight your hair at home. . method has been used by hairdressers and DIY-ers for years now. . Remove all the foils and wash off the dye with color safe shampoo and conditioner . Jun 23, 2017 – If you’re using dye to create highlights, keep the color on your hair for as available at drug and department stores, if you want to do it yourself. Learn how to lighten hair naturally (and add highlights naturally) at home. We wrote about coloring hair naturally and thought you’d enjoy this article too! Apr 11, 2016 – 10 At-Home Hair Color Secrets Straight from the Pros . months and using a DIY single process (one coat of color with no highlights, lowlights, . DIY hair highlights are tricky, but not impossible. Follow these essential tips . Ombre Hair Color Trends for Short Hair – Short Hairstyles 2017. 6 Tips for Giving . Experience ombre hair color and highlights by L’Oréal Paris. Easy DIY ombre hair at home. Choose from a collection of dark, red, blonde and black ombre .
Jan 6, 2018 – Discover the best tips for successfully pulling off DIY highlights from celebrity colorist . HairKim Kardashian Debuts Blue-Black Hair Color. At home hair highlights and highlighting kit by L’Oréal Paris. Quick and easy blonde . Illuminate your hair color with blonde highlights. Hair Color Home Shop . Highlight your hair at home by following these tips for a gorgeous new look. . Of course, you don’t necessarily have to opt for allover color—highlights can be a . Apr 8, 2014 – 6 Tips for Giving Yourself Incredible At-Home Hair Highlights. Ace your base. Choose a kit that’s labeled for your starting point rather than your desired highlight hue, because the latter can mean different results for different hair colors, says White. Don’t skip the strand test. Toss the plastic cap. Streak the . Jun 23, 2017 – If you’re using dye to create highlights, keep the color on your hair for as . Some at-home highlighting kits include a toning solution, which will . Feb 16, 2018 – At home highlights, of course! Home highlighting kits are fairly cheap in drugstores and you don’t need to color all your hair and damage them . Feb 6, 2018 – Highlights can accentuate eye color, bring out cheek bones, and even slim faces. They show off the lines of your hair cut, create depth, and the . DIY hair highlights are tricky, but not impossible. Follow these essential tips . Ombre Hair Color Trends for Short Hair – Short Hairstyles 2017. 6 Tips for Giving . Highlights can add dimension to hair and give it a gorgeous sun-kissed effect when . Coloring hair at home can be inexpensive and time saving, but also tricky, .
Color goals: medium golden blonde w/ bright golden blonde highlights. I’m either beige blonde or medium golden blonde kill me. I really like the medium . Dec 18, 2017 – Highlights have the ability to add depth, dimension, warmth, and even fullness to your mane—and there’s an option for every hair color. Sep 5, 2017 – For anyone looking to enhance their hair color or change it entirely, a hair color chart is definitely a useful tool for determining which one of the . Jan 22, 2018 – Top hair colorists share their picks for the coolest new hair color trends. . all variations on existing techniques that have been given clever, catchy names. . nor ombré, but rather a subtle way of highlighting the hair, he says. Aug 7, 2017 – The Definitive Guide to Hair Highlights, from Balayage to Babylights . In college, dip dyeing was a cheap and easy way to add some color to . 3 days ago – Add copper highlights to red hair color if your skin is fair or golden, and if you . a coppery pink shade inspired by the jewelry of the same name. Dec 21, 2016 – During a Balayage service, which is a highlighting technique, a colorist paints bleach or haircolor just on the surface of your hair freehand; . Mar 14, 2018 – Ready for a new look? Try one of these fresh hair colors celebrities and hair experts alike are loving right now. Our favorite hair colors, shades, and hues that will help inspire you this year. . Jan 26, 2018. 17 Stunning Ideas for Highlights on Every Hair Color.
Oct 25, 2017 – Hair and Makeup by Sharlene at The Boutique Salon charges the following flat rates for coloring services: All over color: $70. Partial highlights: $75. Full highlights: $85. Mar 3, 2018 – Cost to color hair. Knowing the price ahead of time can make the difference between full or partial highlights for some women. Depending on the salon and the amount of hair that is being colored, the final price for highlights or lowlights (partial or full) can range from $75 to over $300. Mar 12, 2013 – Do you want to dye all of your hair, or do you just want highlights or lowlights? Cost varies between the two. All-over color uses more dye, but . Color & Highlight Deals: 50 to 90% off deals in Color & Highlights . Get daily deals and local insights. Haircut with Style, Single-Process Color, or Partial . Aug 11, 2015 – To the rescue: Hair color experts Kari Hill, hair color ambassador for L’Oréal . and is very difficult to “lift” later on if you want to go lighter or add highlights. . It’s tough to estimate how much a coloring appointment will cost. May 4, 2015 – The latter point alone can easily make up for the difference in cost to them during the course of a year. So if classic foil highlighting in your salon is $150, try charging between $180 and $200 for Balayage.” Apr 29, 2012 – The cost of a men’s haircut and blow dry jumped 46%, to $42, in 2011, I almost left with a spiky head of blonde highlights after one visit. Jul 6, 2017 – For all the fascination hair colouring holds, you should start with choosing the right colour. The following steps will help you get your highlights . Quick and easy blonde and brown highlighting kit to achieve luminous and natural looking hair. . Illuminate your hair color with blonde highlights. Hair Color . I usually get my hair done at higher end places. I just moved . I’m used to paying about 150.00 (tip included) for cut/color/highlights. Today the .
So…I read a few articles last week, talking about how the Cardinals (St. Louis, Pheonix, or Arizona) […]
Y’know…sometimes, life pays you back for earlier, rough days. Karma is as much of a friend as it is a […]
Yeah, I know I’ve missed a couple, as I’ve been dodging multiple layers of drama/complication in my daily […]
Молодая разрешила в попку и кончить в ротик. Категория жопы, секс с жопастыми вас ждет секс с жопастыми молодыми и зрелыми, русскими и иностранками, анал и вагинал, раком, сверху, на спине и многое другое.
WWF Senior Writer, Deborah Ackerman had a rare and thrilling sight while accompanying a Nat Hab trip through Botswana: a mother leopard carrying her newborn cubs across the KAZA landscape during green season—the time of year when most animals in Botswana’s Okavango Delta give birth.
When we first caught up with the female leopard, she had already hidden one cub inside a hollow log and had left it there, walking back in the direction she came from. Our expedition leader was sure this meant she was going back to get a second cub.
After walking over a mile in near 100-degree heat across the KAZA landscape, she finally stopped and rested for a moment in what little shade was available.
While resting, she started making repeated short, low, gentle sounds in her throat—calling quietly to the baby to let it know she was nearby.
Then she went to where she’d hidden the baby, inside a fallen log well hidden in the brush. Though she was nearly obscured from our view, we could hear her pawing at the log and then we saw her stick her head inside.
She emerged, carrying the cub gently in her mouth. The cub was only a few days old, and its eyes were not yet opened. It remained mostly motionless as she walked with it.
After making her third mile-long trek of the day, she and the cub finally approached the log she’d left her first infant in. She crawled inside…
…and disappeared. In this photo you can still see a tiny fleck of her tail, but that was soon gone, too. We all commented on how you just never know what might confront you in the wild…any person walking by there would certainly have never known there was a top line predator just inches away from them, protecting her young!
The world’s leading conservation organization, WWF works in 100 countries and is supported by 1.2 million members in the United States and close to 5 million globally.
Amazing. To see a rare sight, a leopard with cubs, is a privilege and a joy. What a magnificent creature.
Good Nature is the official nature and adventure travel blog of Natural Habitat Adventures. We feature reports from the field, news about the natural world and thoughts from our accomplished writers and staff.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (7) October 2018 (17) September 2018 (12) August 2018 (21) July 2018 (14) June 2018 (20) May 2018 (23) April 2018 (22) March 2018 (25) February 2018 (25) January 2018 (22) December 2017 (16) November 2017 (21) October 2017 (26) September 2017 (27) August 2017 (25) July 2017 (26) June 2017 (24) May 2017 (26) April 2017 (21) March 2017 (22) February 2017 (16) January 2017 (21) December 2016 (23) November 2016 (18) October 2016 (17) September 2016 (21) August 2016 (22) July 2016 (18) June 2016 (16) May 2016 (19) April 2016 (21) March 2016 (21) February 2016 (20) January 2016 (20) December 2015 (16) November 2015 (15) October 2015 (19) September 2015 (21) August 2015 (23) July 2015 (19) June 2015 (14) May 2015 (19) April 2015 (19) March 2015 (19) February 2015 (18) January 2015 (18) December 2014 (17) November 2014 (16) October 2014 (23) September 2014 (25) August 2014 (23) July 2014 (19) June 2014 (21) May 2014 (24) April 2014 (28) March 2014 (32) February 2014 (26) January 2014 (26) December 2013 (20) November 2013 (17) October 2013 (17) September 2013 (14) August 2013 (13) July 2013 (14) June 2013 (12) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (9) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (8) December 2012 (8) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (8) August 2012 (12) July 2012 (17) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (11) April 2012 (19) March 2012 (10) February 2012 (13) January 2012 (7) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (10) October 2011 (10) September 2011 (12) August 2011 (12) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (5) May 2011 (8) April 2011 (12) March 2011 (16) February 2011 (13) January 2011 (16) December 2010 (8) November 2010 (12) October 2010 (13) September 2010 (12) August 2010 (10) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (7) May 2010 (7) April 2010 (11) March 2010 (7) February 2010 (9) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (23) October 2009 (23) September 2009 (10) August 2009 (17) July 2009 (3) June 2009 (2)
Photos Naughty Office Teal Conrad Teal Conrad is a very busy businesswomen. She has no time or patience for late assistant's, so when her assistant comes in late once more she gives him an ultimatum. He either assists in getting her off or he's fired. He does what he's told and licks her Views: 1,270
Photos Naughty America Teal Conrad Teal Conrad is a very busy businesswomen. She has no time or patience for late assistant's, so when her assistant comes in late once more she gives him an ultimatum. He either assists in getting her off or he's fired. He does what he's told and licks her Views: 1,134
Photos Naughty Office Chanel Preston Chanel has Jessy come to her office because he had previously mentioned that he would love to be her assistant. Her current assistant has moved away and if he was still interested after they go over his job requirements, the position will be his. She expl Views: 1,366
ExpressVPN is undoubtedly one of the most famous VPN services, and thanks to its ease of use and quality service that it provides. Thus, the service makes use of apps for both smartphones and desktops, and while it features more than 100 server locations. In addition, it is extremely easy to connect to the VPN: a few mouse clicks are enough to get that done.
ExpressVPN was founded in 2009 and has built a strong reputation over the years. Reliability and good customer support are central to the service, and of course offers you the opportunity to reach fast-paced streaming content. ExpressVPN uses secure encryption technology to protect your privacy while surfing, using IP addresses from different countries. ExpressVPN of all providers, is undoubtedly one of the most reliable and most importantly, one of the safest.
ExpressVPN offers some surprising benefits. As such, you can to make the VPN connection with up to three different devices, and you can easily unblock websites that are normally not available in your country. Powerful encryption capabilities ensure your privacy while surfing online. You can also not complain the speed of the connection to the servers, and apps that have been developed are completely free to use for devices.
ExpressVPN is compatible with various systems, and connecting to the VPN server just takes a single click. The service then provides access to more than 100 servers in more than 80 countries, and on top of that, you can contact the customer service every day.
If ExpressVPN users do not have to remember what server did their last job, the software automatically saves it after all the last three servers used. That is not the only innovation: developing a new algorithm – to calculate the speed between the computer and the servers – has been updated. This makes it not only easier for a company to know which servers users need, it also points the user to find the best and fastest server
The quality of the VPN server is largely determined by its speed, and also in that area ExpressVPN is very reliable. That speed is otherwise always the same, anywhere in the world. With other VPN services, the maximum speed is often limited, but this is not the case with ExpressVPN. It is the perfect service if you want to access streaming video sites (like Hulu, Pandora or BBC), or you can use it as support for downloads.
Several speed tests were performed to test the connection to the ExpressVPN servers, showing that sites like Hulu.com can simply be viewed without delay or lower quality – and that was on a US server. If you are a user in the EU as a user of ExpressVPN, it is the ideal service for anonymous downloading or online gaming.
A VPN service is selected by a user as it can safeguard their privacy and security of their data and location. Information while surfing is often unintentionally available to others, and this is avoided with a VPN service.
ExpressVPN ensures protection of your data through a special encryption key, which scored very high according to international requirements. Thus, not just a few home and corporate users are optimally protected, but it can also be used for special protection at hotspots. This is for you, even if you are connected to the Internet via a public WiFi protection is also possible. ExpressVPN is therefore also ideal for use in, for example, airports, train stations or bus stations.
In addition, ExpressVPN ensures that third parties do not see your personal information by first collecting that information at registration. The traces that you leave on the internet are therefore erased as soon as the connection is disconnected. In theory, this would say that your information would not be visible even for a government organization, just because they do not own ExpressVPN.
Like most VPN services, the service of ExpressVPN available in the form of various packages, and can be used on mobile devices.
in addition, the package includes a guarantee that your money is refunded if you are not satisfied. While these prices are not the lowest in comparison to other providers, they are still low. Plus, you are sure of ExpressVPN quality, where reliability and speed are key traits.
In addition, you can try the service for 30 days (as well as a money back guarantee), after which you can still choose to use it or not. Displeased? No problem, because the service will pay you back to the last penny. Paying for monthly service is possible via various methods, including Visa, PayPal, American Express, MasterCard, Amex, Discover, and even with Bitcoins.
Besides quality and ease, ExpressVPN still offers other advantages. Thus, the service gives you the ability to use multiple applications, all of which are tailored for installation and use on various devices. ExpressVPN can be applied to:
As already mentioned, with ExpressVPN it is possible to use different servers in more than 80 countries in Europe, America and Asia. Previously, the range was much smaller, which meant other services were far more popular in terms of diversity. Now the supply is growing, so you as a user can switch between various almost limitless servers. Some countries where you are able to use ExpressVPN to obtain an IP address:
This are just some of the countries in which you can obtain an IP address with ExpressVPN. Especially in the US, ExpressVPN offers various servers, across the continent, in over 10 different cities. In European countries such as Germany, Netherlands and the United Kingdom, the service server also has locations.
ExpressVPN has developed a variety of applications, which are each controlled according to different protocols. For example, OpenVPN UDP by default, but there are alternatives such as TCP OpenVPN, SSTP, PPTP and L2TP / IPSec.
ExpressVPN is undoubtedly one of the most popular and best VPN providers, precisely because of the combination of important features such as ease of use, reliability and speed. The prices may not be the cheapest you can find, ExpressVPN does offer an interesting all-in service. An unlimited bandwidth for all devices – in one package – and the quality of the service makes the price more than good indeed. The money-back guarantee is very attractive, and ensures that all your subscriptions will be paid back if you change your mind. ExpressVPN is one of the services that you as a user particularly benefits from experiencing, especially if you like online privacy and security of your important data online.
Kees Van Vliet has a lot of experience in software solutions, for both the business and consumer market. He owns various companies and is an expert in IT and marketing.
You have of store credit. To use it, simply place your order and you will be able to choose store credit as the payment method when it comes time to pay for your order.
ഁ search Kindle Soup Cleanse Cookbook: Embrace a Better Body and a Healthier You with the Weekly Soup Plan ᔴ Author Nicole Centeno ᭂ Discover a healthier you with the ultimate cure all soup.Throw out everything you think you know about wellness There s a new way to cleanse, and it doesn t involve deprivation or strict rules A soup cleanse is the modern alternative to quick fix diets and juice cleanses It s nutrient dense, satisfying, and convenient for any lifestyle Souping employs the simple philosophy that truly connecting with your food helps establish lasting habits so you can reveal your best self.In the Soup Cleanse Cookbook, you ll discover how small tweaks to your weekly meals and mealtime rituals make a big difference in your health Seventy five plant based and gluten free recipes can be mixed and matched for a customizable weekly plan that includes a dedicated souping day, 5 days of soup for lunch, and an anything goes day Or, follow one of the soup categories, each designed to address different health needs, like boosting immunity, revving up energy, and encouraging weight loss.Creative suggestions and actionable tips simplify the concept of cleansing and help incorporate veggies into your daily diet The Soup Cleanse Cookbook makes mindful eating truly splendid. Soup Cleanse Cookbook: Embrace a Better Body and a Healthier You with the Weekly Soup Plan
Gophers, Twins, Golf, all kinds of crap. Joe U says, "If Joe Posnanski wasn't blogging, you'd be the most entertaining person I read" and Patrick S. says "Your blog is just about my favorite thing ever"
Not a ton to say about the Nebraska game. It was nice to see the Gophers cruise to an easy win and nicer to see Rodney Williams look like the good Rodney Williams again, but it was obvious from the opening tip that Nebraska isn't nearly in the same class as the Gophers and, as such, it's tough to take too much away from that game other than the wheels haven't completely come off this season. Still, breaking a four game losing skid is always a positive, so there's that I suppose. Really a home game against Nebraska couldn't have come at a better time. Hopefully they can continue playing well against Iowa on Sunday, because the Hawkeyes are a significantly better team than Nebraska.
They come in to the game at 14-7 and 3-5 in conference play and they do have some pretty good wind and, if it wasn't for an absolutely brutal non-conference strength of schedule (#320) they'd probably actually be looking at the bubble for the NCAA Tournament. One of those conference wins was over Wisconsin and they swept the other two Iowa schools (Northern and State). Their problem is they haven't beaten anyone else - at all. They've lost to every other decent team they've played (with near miss wins at Carver-Hawkeye against both Indiana and Michigan State) and padded that record by beating up on bad teams with a win over Gardner-Webb as their next best win. The NCAA dream probably died when they lost in OT to Purdue on Sunday, but this is certainly a team the Gophers should beat since they're a much better squad.
One thing that plays in the Gophers' favor is that Iowa likes to run and keep games at a fast pace. The Hawkeyes play at the 46th fastest pace in the country and although the Gophers aren't necessarily a big-time running team because I think Tubby Smith would yell at everyone if they fast breaked too much, they do tend to have success in transition because of their athletic advantage over most teams. Not to mention their struggles against Northwestern and Wisconsin, who rank 321st and 355th in tempo, so staying away from those long, slow, boring half-court games is a good idea. Iowa will shoot early and shoot often, and with them ranking 9th in the conference in shooting (by effective FG%) and the Gophers back to playing solid defense (one can hope) that should lead to plenty of rebounds, which bodes well for Minnesota.
Looking at the awesome site hoop-math.com (thank you JF at From the Barn for showing me this), the Gophers take 16% of their shots following a rebound within the first 10 seconds of the shot clock, meaning a fast break off the miss or on the secondary break. Their effective field goal percentage is also the highest of all situations that occur at least 5% of the time. The Gophers are going to need to take advantage of as many transition opportunities as they can because once in the half court Iowa's defense is stingy, particularly on 2-point jump shots where they rank 14th in the country in Opponent's FG%.
Looking at Iowa's players they go nine deep and most of them have some redeemable skill, but Roy Marble and Aaron White are the guys to watch out for. Actually, I'm not worried about White to be honest. He's gonna be overwhelmed by Mbakwe and I expect he'll struggle mightily for most of the game since he does most of his scoring deep in the paint. Marble is the guy to watch, because he is truly talented and can score from anywhere on the floor. He's an excellent shooter from both 2 and 3, handles the ball well, and because he's 6-6 with guard skills he can usually rise up and get that jumper off over smaller guards. The Gophers have the luxury of putting Austin Hollins on him, and they damn well better, who should be able to help pester him and make it tougher to get that shot off, but if Joe Coleman ends up on him at any time well let me tell you that is not going to end well for Minnesota no sir.
The rest of the squad is pretty much a mixed bag. A couple of freshmen (Mike Gesell and Anthony Clemmons) start in the back court with Clemmons the distributor and Gesell the shooter with another freshmen in Adam Woodbury starting at center next to White. At this point Woodbury is pretty much a good rebounder and good shot blocker but has little to no offense game. Off the bench they go with Josh Oglesby (the supposed shooter who can't shoot), Melsahn Basabe (who showed so much promise as a freshman but has stagnated the last two seasons), and Eric May and Zach McCabe who have been around forever but I still couldn't tell you who was who. One of them is taller than the other one. They also have a guy who rarely plays named Christopher Rickert who may or may not be related to Rick Rickert. I'm not going to check so let's just say he's his cousin.
Anyway, although Iowa is certainly a step up in class from Nebraska, they still aren't the kind of team the Gophers should have trouble with whether you think they're just not that good, or think they just hit a bump in the road. I'm leaning towards the latter.
I've called several games this year "must wins" for various reasons: The Michigan State game was a "must win to prove you're a good team", the Michigan game was a "must win to prove you're elite", and the Wisconsin game was "must win to prop back up fan hopes." This Nebraska game is another must win, but this time it's a "must win to salvage the season." I still think this is a very good team and normally Nebraska at home should be an easy one, but there are a lot of bad things swirling around this team and sometimes when things go south they go south in a big way.
The team's lost four straight, including probably the most embarrassing loss in Tubby Smith's time here. The players are regressing with Rodney Williams turning into a jump shooter and Dre Hollins playing out of control more than usual. Tubby's assigning all the blame for the skid to his players and they're noticing. Tubby seems distant during and after games, like he's not really even coaching. The players seem a bit out of it as well, probably because of this. Now these are all observations from someone who doesn't see this team day-to-day so I could be way off, but I'm catching a whiff of some major issues. This Nebraska game can either dispel those concerns and we can worry about the Gophers getting a good seed, or it can confirm them and we can start reading Bubble Watch again this year.
Looking at Nebraska, there's no doubt whatsoever that losing to the Huskers would be an unmitigated disaster because this is a bad team. Their best win this year is probably their home win over Northwestern, and they balance that out with losses to Kent State and UTEP, along with a bunch of more understandable losses. The overall schedule is actually pretty good (8th best SOS in the country) but the problem is not only have they not beaten anybody but there haven't even been any close calls - a six point loss to Sconnie in the Kohl Center is the closest they've come. Mainly they just get blown out - Creighton (by 22), Oregon (22), Ohio State (26), and Illinois (20) have all blown out the Huskers this year, while a nine point home loss to Purdue is the only other loss they have where they've even kept the final margin in the single digits. Yeah, Nebraska is battle tested, but they've also failed spectacularly every time.
Playerswise they just don't measure up. Andre Almeida is interesting because he's 6-11 and weighs 314 lbs. (and honestly that might be light), but he also only plays 15 minutes per game because he's too big and he might be hurt or something, I didn't look it up. Their leading scorer is Dylan Talley, a 6-6 wing who is one of your classic "do it all" types and they have additional size with Brand Ubell who runs 6-10 234 and averages 12 & 7, and they supplement with some outside bombing from Rey Gallegos, who averages 8 three point attempts per game but hits a sad 29% of them. They don't have a point guard (only Talley averages more than 2.5 assists per game) and only Talley would start on many of the other Big 10 teams. Tim Miles is an oustanding coach and he's already improved recruiting in Lincoln, but they aren't there yet.
The Gophers should roll. Nebraska can't hang with them - or shouldn't be able too. The only way the Gophers lose is if it's true that the wheels have come completely off this season. I'm not ready to believe that yet when we're talking about the second best Gopher team of my lifetime. I think they'll be some scary moments tomorrow, but eventually the Gophers reassert themselves and I can breath again.
There isn't much here about the Gophers so if that's what you're looking for go look somewhere else (although I do bitch about Rodney Williams later). Losing to a mediocre Badger team at Kohl Center doesn't really tell me much, other than reconfirming once again that this Gopher team isn't "elite", but this loss does nothing for me in terms of if this team is "pretty good" or "frustratingly mediocre as usual." And nothing good can possibly happen next week (home games vs. Nebraska and Iowa) only disastrously bad things can happen outside of expected results, so we won't really know anything until the go to East Lansing and then have Illinois at home the following week. It's a frustrating time to be a fan. But what would life as a Gopher fan be without the frustration? We're all such idiots.
1. Miami Hurricanes. Hey bromigos, there have been some great wins by teams this year but it's going to be tough for anybody to top Miami beating #1 Duke by 27 (and yes I know Duke didn't have Ryan Kelly because everyone keeps pointing out how Duke didn't have Ryan Kelly but can everyone just calm down about that for a minute because we're talking about Ryan freaking Kelly here). I mean they just killed them. At the ten minute mark of the first half Duke was up 14-13, which means Miami beat them 77-59 over the final 30 minutes. This wasn't a fluke (don't forget Miami beat Michigan State earlier this year too) and Miami is now 6-0 in the conference and looking like a good bet to win the ACC for what I assume is the first time ever. Best part of that game was Seth Curry shooting 0-10 from the floor, because I still can't shake my irrational hatred of Stephen Curry so naturally that carries over to Seth because you know, brothers and stuff.
2. Kobe Bryant. I think I mentioned this last week but I recently traded for Kobe in my fantasy league which of course means I no longer hate him and kind of like him now, so I fee like it's worth noting that in his last two games he's had 14 assists. Not total, although frankly that would be kind of impressive for this black hole, but in each of the last two he's had 14 in each. I mean, say what you want but 14 assists in a game is a freaking lot, and he's now done it two games in a row. You know many players have ever had at least 14 assists in back-to-back games? I don't know either, probably kind of a lot, actually, but for a me first glory boy hero ball gunslinging chucker like Kobe to do it must have been very difficult for him mentally. And, the Lakers, are 2-0 in those games, which just goes to show you that when you have two maybe three other Hall of Famers on your team it does wonders for your squad's chances if you actually let them touch the ball and shoot and stuff. Like I've always said.
3. Baylor Bears. There's a reason why Baylor was highly ranked by many including myself this year, and that's because even with Perry Jones, Quincy Acy, and Quincy Miller off to the NBA the machine Scott Drew has put in place still meant they were going to be immensely talented. Sometimes they can put a game together like Monday against Oklahoma State, and even if the final margin was only 10 the game was never really in doubt. Their back court (Pierre Jackson, Brady Heslip, A.J. Walton) is both experienced and talented, while the front court (Isaiah Austin, Cory Jefferson) is probably the most athletic in the country with Jefferson the total freak and Austin the unstoppable freshman who can dominate inside or hit the three and already has a turnaround fadeway jumper which truly a thing to behold from a 7-1 dude with a wingspan beyond that (kind of like KG but slightly more awkward). Then on the bench you have Gary Franklin, Deuce Bello, and Rico Gathers who would all start for most teams. That's why they handled Oklahoma State, won at Rupp against Kentucky, and stomped BYU this year. Of course they're also a dumb team, so they've lost at Northwestern and dropped one at home to Charleston. I'm telling you right now, bros - Baylor is ripe for a first round upset this year in the tournament.
4. UCLA Bruins. There is a reason I ranked UCLA the 6th best team in the NCAA going into this season and they were ranked 13th in the preseason polls - there is a lot of freaking talent here. Early season struggles (one point home OT win over UC-Irvine, home loss to Cal Poly) dropped them out of the rankings and out of everyone's hearts and minds, but as things have come together they reeled off 10 straight wins before dropping a game last week to a good Oregon team, and now went into Tucson and knocked off 6th rated Arizona. The early season issues shouldn't have been a surprise since the team is mostly made up of freshmen (Shabazz Muhammed, Jordan Adams, Kyle Anderson) and transfers (the Wear twins, Larry Drew), but now everything is looking good (they smoked Arizona) and Muhammed is starting to look like he could do the Carmelo Anthony thing and carry this team in March. Of course, being a Ben Howland coached team they then went out an invalidated everything I just wrote by losing at Arizona State on Saturday, but I stand by this team anyway. Kinda sorta.
1. Rodney Williams. No, I'm not the idiot who is going to call Williams out for missing the tying free throw because the odds of him hitting two free throws in any situation are pretty long any way and even as a senior he's a kid who isn't a good shooter and who has been in very few high leverage situations like it - it was basically a given he wasn't going to make them both, particularly on the road. No, I'm going to call out Williams because who in the baby jesus of the earth convinced him he's a jump shooter? He's not a jump shooter. He's a freak athlete who needs to get his ass in the paint because his jump shot resembles that of a high school wrestler. I don't even want him taking open jumpers, let alone the nearly constant shit he's been jacking up the last two games which consists of him stopping the ball, making a jab step or two that doesn't really move the defender, and then rising up and clanging a jumper off some slight part of the rim like he plays for the god damn Illini. Just because you have the ability to get your shot off whenever you want doesn't mean you should. To paraphrase Dr. Ian Malcolm, "You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, you didn't stop to think if you should." Actually we should probably have Rodney sit down and watch Jurassic Park - the whole thing is a metaphor for his jump shot. Or something like that.
2. Kentucky Wildcats. Like when I wrote about the Lakers last week I'm not exactly breaking news here that Kentucky is struggling, but after watching them lose at Alabama it really reminded me that John Calipari is really not a good game coach, despite winning the title last year. The talent Kentucky has this year is nearly as good as anything else Calipari has had in his career, but when your offensive game plan generally consists of just rolling the ball out every game, that talent also has to be smart - you need coach on the floor types to keep things moving in the right direction. His best teams at Memphis had guys like Chris Douglas-Roberts and Derrick Rose, last year's champions had Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, and even back in the UMass days he had an incredible guard tandem in Carmelo Travieso and Edgar Padilla (I can't believe I didn't have to look those names up). Without a "smart" player to direct the team, a coach who is an A+ recruiter and a D+ game coach, and a small talent dip from last year this Kentucky team is going nowhere this year. Of course, next year they're probably going undefeated, so enjoy this now.
3. Arizona Diamondbacks. The D-Backs have a solid core and should be a good team again this year, but they've taken the "get rid of the guys the manager doesn't like" philosophy the Twins like so much to a whole different extreme. Earlier this offseason they unloaded super prospect Trevor Bauer because he wouldn't adapt the workout schedule he's done his entire life to match what the D-Backs wanted and received a prospect in return whose upside is "great glove, no hit" and now they've shipped off Justin Upton because he and manager Kirk Gibson apparently don't get along. Before trading Upton, however, they managed to kill all their leverage by making it clear they wanted him gone. Actually first they got a pretty good haul from Seattle, but Upton has a limited no-trade clause and killed that so, desperate to have him gone, they sent him off to Atlanta for one year of a so-so third baseman (Martin Prado) who wants in the neighborhood of $12 million a year starting next season, a likely fifth starter someday (Randall Delgado), and three other minor leaguers of little consequence. All that for a 25-year old who in four full seasons has had two monster years and two lesser years, which were both above average, by the way. Just a silly way to do business. We're actually lucky to have Gardy. Ha ha just kidding. Throw in the D-Backs trade of Chris Young to Oakland for another no hit/good field shortstop in Cliff Pennington and this offseason has just been bizarre for Arizona.
4. Virginia Commonwealth Rams. What incredible timing for the Rams to implode considering I just pimped them last week as a Final Four sleeper. All they've done this week is have a seven point lead with 42 seconds left vs. Richmond and blow the game and then lose at home to LaSalle. Now, neither Richmond or especially LaSalle are bad losses, but this isn't the way to prove me right and stuff. I still think they're a sleeper Final Four team what with their style of play since most teams don't ever go up against something like that, but both blowing a big lead against a mediocre opponent and losing a home game to another mediocre opponent kind of hurt the confidence level. Actually, maybe this helps since they'll end up with a worse seed and then I will be the only one to pick them to the Final Four and all that sweet sweet NCAA Tournament Pool money will be mine all mine! I'm a genius.
Lastly, the team in college basketball who hands down had the best week was Villanova. They beat both Louisville and Syracuse, giving wins over two top-5 teams in the same week which is pretty much like holy shit. The reasons I didn't list them in the "WHO WAS AWESOME" section are two-fold: 1) I hate them and 2) who gives a crap? Those are two great wins and yeah their RPI is creeping into the mid-50s so it's possible they could play themselves into an at-large, but they already have seven losses and even if most of them are excusable losing to Providence and especially Columbia is not. Also I don't even know if I can name a single player for Nova (is Jayvaughn Pinkston still there?) and I don't really feel like learning another team. So sorry.
I suppose I should put something down on electronic paper for this Badger game thing that's either Saturday or Sunday, but I must confess, despite my coming back from a rage cloud of shame I'm still not really feeling the writing, you know? It's pretty simple - the Gophers are the more talented team, Bo Ryan the better coach, and the Badgers have home court. Advantage: Wisconsin. This is the Gophers big chance to reassert that they're no joke and the Northwestern game was an aberration. Of course, the Kohl Center is probably one of the worst places to try to do this.
Two things stand out to me about the Badger offense: 1) they generally dump the ball in to one of the big guys who wait for a double team and then kick it out to a shooter or Mike Bruesewitz to chuck up a three and 2) it's the same offense as every year - no matter who the personnel is the offense never changes, I guess to Bo Ryan's credit since he has success almost every year and simply has an eye for recruiting kids who fit what he likes to do, whether they're on the national radar or not.
Breaking this down further, the biggest issue I see for Wisconsin on offense this year is that they've gone from Devin Harris to Kammron Taylor to Trevon Hughes to Jordan Taylor to Ben Brust and Traevon Jackson. Brust, simply put, is not a true point guard and at this point in his career Jackson simply isn't a very good player. For a team that generally relies on it's point guard to run the offense as heavily as Wisconsin has in the past this is bad news. When the Badgers' best players have been non-guards in the past they've been able to make it work pretty well, but that's when they had guys like Alando Tucker and Brian Butch to run the offense through. With Sam Dekker not quite ready for that load as a freshman their main offensive conduit, and thanks to poor shooting (including 10% from 3 and 39% from the free throw line) he's actually one of their least efficient players.
Their other issue is they continue to be reliant on the 3-point shot (39% of their attempts come from behind the line, 52nd most in the country) but are hitting only 35% this year, which is still above the national average but is the Badgers lowest percentage since 2006. The shooting woes also carry over to the free throw line, where Wisconsin is making merely 61% of their shots, their worst going back beyond 2003 (which is where it takes too much work to keep finding their FT% so I stopped). In my opinion they're still running the same offense and running it just as effectively (once again, they never ever ever turn the ball over), however this year they just don't have the personnel to do it as effectively and that's why, despite the impressive win @Indiana, this just isn't nearly as dangerous a Badger team as we're accustomed to seeing.
They're still a very solid defensive team, and are still a team that rebounds well and takes care of the basketball. The Gophers won't turn them over, but will likely turn it over at least 15 times themselves. Minnesota's saving grace much of the year has been their incredible ability to get offensive rebounds, but Wisconsin is a better rebounding team on both ends than most and this will likely be the biggest key to the game. Unfortunately, I can't shake the feeling that we're off the rails here. I think the poor play in the second half of the Northwestern game, and specifically the poor coaching, is something that needed to be addressed and fixed, but listening to Tubby's post game comments and his laying the blame on his players makes me think they're much less likely to respond with an outstanding effort. Calling out your team is one thing, but singly out individual players to the media is no way to make things work. Blaming your players instead of coaching them rarely works. I guess what I'm saying is that it's over. Enjoy limping to a 7 seed and getting bounced in the first round.
After calming down from being ready to quit the blog business altogether and give up on Gopher basketball, I've decided I should probably write something - I'm just not sure what to write. I'll try to stay somewhat coherent, but I'll probably bounce around to a bunch of different points. I can't write about the game much because I turned it off at about the 8 minute mark. It was painfully obvious the team had completely lost it's composure and any semblance of a game plan and that the coach had no idea how to get it back without his coach on the court already fouled out - somehow. For Tubby not to have somebody in for Austin Hollins when he picked up his fourth foul was inexcusable, but Hollins deserves plenty of blame, if not the majority of it, for going anywhere near the Northwestern dude on that lay-up - he has to know better. When the team started shooting jumpers that didn't even draw iron, started settling for contested 16-footers like a god damn Illinois team, committed a ton of completely unforced turnovers against a team that never turns their opponents over (12 second half TOs!!) and completely went away from getting the ball into the paint, it was obvious what was going to happen, and I wanted no part of it and watched Lake Placid: The Final Chapter instead. It was a good choice.
Whether it was an unwillingness, an inability, or the fault of the coach (or all three), failure to get the ball to Mbakwe in the paint in the second half is inexcusable. The Gophers dominated Northwestern inside with their strength and athleticism the entire first half, and if the Gophers hit a couple more open shots (the shooting was atrocious) and make more free throws (ditto) they go into the second half with a double digit lead and likely cruise to a win. They still ended up outrebounding the Wildcats 42-23 with nearly as many offensive boards (17) as Northwestern had total. When they switched to the 1-3-1 and the Gophers inexplicably had no clue what to do, passively passing it around the perimeter, it played right into Northwestern's hands because it eliminates the advantage the Gophers have in athleticism and in the paint. I would say this looked like a Monson team out there, but let's not pretend Tubby's squads have had any success against it either - the same 1-3-1, mind you, that Iowa completely shredded last week.
I really don't know where to go from here. Every season I'm the pessimistic fan. The realist fan. Gophers beat Louisville? Still not buying it. Gophers knock off Butler? I'm not there yet. But this year was different. I'm like Charlie Brown and Lucy's always been holding that football, but year after year after year I refuse to make a move. This year? I went tearing after that football and was going to kick it all the way to the Final Four, and that bitch Lucy just pulled it right out from under me last night. I'm not giving up - well, the Final Four thing yeah probably, but Sweet 16 could still be in play but it's now likely to take an upset to get there. This team could still finish in the 5-6 seed range and have a shot at a couple of wins, and if you had told me at the beginning of the year that's where this team would land I'd be ecstatic. But it's not the beginning of the year. The Battle for Atlantis, Michigan State game, Illinois game, and second half of Indiana had me all in, all the way. This is what you get for believing.
So we move on. The Gophers play at Wisconsin this weekend, and it is always great to beat those a-holes, especially in Madison, so certainly that's what I'll be cheering for. This is also a "must win" in the sense that the Gophers really need to show something. They've already taken away any reason to believe they're an elite team, now it's time to let us at least settle on them being a "pretty good" team, but you have to take care of business in Madison. This season has suddenly taken a dark turn, but there's still time to make sure it's not a complete disappointment.
The Gophers play the Northwestern Wildcats, again, and since the last time they squared off not all that much has changed - other than reconfiguring our expectations for this Gopher team. Since the last game the Gophers have gone 1-2 with then impressive win at Illinois and losses to Indiana and Michigan - certainly understandable, however the team had stretches of poor play that have taken some of the luster off the early season success. Northwestern has gone 2-2, winning at Penn State and Illinois (thus the "then impressive win" when the Gophers won in Champaign) and losses and home losses to Iowa (by 20!!) and Indiana. Basically, the Gophers are maybe a little worse than what we thought last time, and Northwestern is a little better, if only because Reggie Hearn is healthier. I will admit it - I'm concerned.
I probably shouldn't be. Minnesota still ranks as the 7th best team in the country by kenpom's advanced metrics while Northwestern is 88th. Pomeroy projects the Gophers to win 70-61 with an 82% chance of coming out with a victory, and the Gophers seemingly have solved the Northwestern zone, and with Drew Crawford done for the year they're a little lacking in the offensive weapons department. I get it. But I'm also a lifelong Minnesota fan, and all those years watching not only the Gophers but the Vikings and Twins have me programmed to expect disappointment. How "Minnesota" would it feel to have them lose this game? I don't like feeling this way, but it's just the way I am. I'm a bipolar fan - high ups, and low downs. Anyway, if the Gopher team is who I thought they were they should still take this, as long as they don't turn it over 25 times.
Which, just so you know, is actually in the realm of possibility. Although kenpom ranks them as the 6th most efficient offensive team in the country that's a function of good shooting and great offensive rebounding (where they still rank #1, grabbing an astounding 47.9% of their misses, more than 5% higher than the second best team (Colorado State (Colton Iverson - hi!!))), because they still can't take care of the ball to save their lives. The Gophers turn the ball over on 21.9% of their possessions, 247th in the country. No other top ten offensive team turns it over more than 18.8% of the time or ranks outside the top 100. It's ludicrous.
I'm not going to do duplicate work, so instead I'll direct you to From the Barn's post where he breaks down the nerd stats on turnovers - it's pretty cool. My most favorite part is how Maverick Ahanmisi turns the ball over on 31% of the possessions when he's in the game. Only Denzel Valentine of Michigan State and Benny Parker of Nebraska are worse in the Big 10. The result of FTB's work is it's abundantly clear, even if it wasn't already, that the turnover problem is the one thing keeping the Gophers from reaching the potential we thought they had, but this far into the season it's time to start wondering if they can turn it around. Bottom line: STOP DOING THAT!!
I do, however, have a suggestion and hopefully someone can call or email or skype Tubby and tell him. Did you ever see that movie The Program with Willie Mays Hayes and that alcoholic quarterback and James Caan and the steroid guy Lattimer and a super hot Kristy Swanson? Well remember when Darnell Jefferson had fumbling issues and Caan gave him a football to carry around all the time and the other football players were supposed to try to knock it out of his hands and then if the ball was returned to Caan by anyone other than Jefferson he'd have to do laps or pushups or get in an Iron Maiden or something? Well Tubby needs to do that with every single player on this team, and open the competition to everyone on campus and if anybody loses their ball they have to spend two hours in a locked room with the guy who thinks it's cool to dress up as Goldy and act like a complete moron at games, or take a sauna with Mo Walker. It's our only hope.
The team is still plenty good enough to win the next four (@ NW, @ Wisconsin, vs. Nebraska, vs. Iowa) even if they keep the ball safe at a Lindsay Lohan's hoo-ha level (LiLo jokes played out? Never, I say!), but if they want to be a truly great team - and I believe they can - they have to stop with this sloppiness. I think we can all agree my proposal would solve everything. I should probably step in and coach, too.
Oh, and if you want a rundown on Northwestern's players just read the linked thing above from last game or my preview from the last game since it just happened like a week ago.
I really have no idea why I stopped doing these posts. They're fairly easy, since I can write parts of them during the week, they cover all sports for an entire week period, and they give you, the idiot reader, something to depend on knowing this post will be here every Monday morning. I'm going to do my best to get back on this and start having the Monday morning Week in Review's again. Or your money back. And I'm going to start with Lance Armstrong.
1. Joe Flacco. As much as I hate to give credit when it's due, I'm going to have to in Flacco's case because he had a great game getting the Ravens to the Super Bowl and outplayed Tom Brady to do it. He seems to have developed a couple interesting skills to go with one of the strongest arms in the league - he can pick apart a defense underneath using his backs and TEs, and he has that over the shoulder throw to Boldin in the end zone down cold. Both of his touchdown throws to Boldin were on that same play, and more than half his completions were to backs or tight ends, and then he can cut loose with that big arm to Torrey Smith when needed. It will be kind of interesting to see how he adjusts in the red zone when the 49ers inevitably put a safety on top of Boldin when they get close. I also just realized this is going to be a Harbaugh vs. Harbaugh Super Bowl and we're going to have to hear that over and over and over again. Oh god, and also Ray Lewis. And I have a feeling Colin Kaepernick is going to get way too much press, too. God I am suddenly remembering how much I hate the 2 weeks leading up to the Super Bowl. Don't they have some kind of 2-week coma drug? I know the wife and kids probably wouldn't be down for me going in that direction, but I'm not sure I have a choice. Not my fault.
2. Washington Nationals. In a baseball hot stove league that's been characterized by teams "going for it in their window" more than any other I can remember (Baltimore Orioles exempted, for some reason) the Nats just made another move that put them in the Dodgers/Blue Jays tier for "going for it" signing closer Rafael Soriano to a two year, $28 million deal with an option that automatically vests if he finishes 120 combined games in the two years. That now gives the Nationals a bullpen of Tyler Clippard in the 7th, Drew Storen in the 8th, and Soriano in the 9th, and that's in front of a rotation of Stephen Strasburg/Gio Gonzalez/Jordan Zimmermann/Dan Haren/Ross Detwiler. Their also loaded with a young and talented lineup with only one bad contract (Jayson Werth), Wilson Ramos will be back at catcher, they traded for Denard Span to fill their only real lineup leak, and resigned Adam LaRoche to a reasonable contract which gives them an excellent trade chip (Michael Morse, now a back-up who was just traded to Seattle in a three-way deal that brought them a couple decent prospects because lord knows they don't have enough) all at the same time. Yes, paying $14 million to a reliever is too much especially when you have to give up a first round pick to do it, but I'm a big fan of this "going for it" thing and I'd say they're in pretty decent shape. At least until they shutdown Strasburg after 190 innings this year because, you know, you can never be too careful.
3. Butler Bulldogs. I don't know if it's Brad Stevens or what (NOTE: it's probably Brad Stevens) but Butler just keeps on going. When they made those back-to-back NCAA Championship games you kind of figured like, ok he found a few diamonds in the rough in Gordon Hayward, Shelvin Mack, and Matt Howard (really rough, in his case) and Stevens got them to perfectly come together for a magical run (or two) and then they'd go back to being Butler. When they missed the NCAA Tournament (made the CBI) last season everything looked confirmed. But now? First Stevens gets Rotnei Clarke, and ultra-experienced deadeye shooter who fits Butler's system perfectly, to come to Indy, joining a couple of decent players, and you figure Butler would probably be decent. Little did you know Clarke was going to play out of his mind and a couple promising youngsters would suddenly blossom into double-digit scorers. Then Clarke gets hurt against Richmond and you'd think Butler would slide, but they had no issue finishing up Richmond, and then played a really, really good Gonzaga team and did this:
I hate teams that are always good because I'm so unfamiliar with it. It's like an Amish who was dropped in Dubai.
4. Florida Gators. For my money, there are six teams (seven if you count my super sleeper VCU) who could potentially win the NCAA Championship this year - Louisville, Syracuse, Michigan, Indiana, Duke, and the sixth is Florida. For some reason they're only ranked 10th. Why? Because they have two losses, although those happen to be at Arizona (a one-loss team) in a game Florida controlled for 38 minutes before letting it slip away, and against a good Kansas State in Kansas City. Look at their recent results. After a week of dominating fools they've now won their four SEC games by 33 (vs. Georgia), 22 (@ LSU), 21 (@ Texas A&M), and 31 (vs. Missouri). I know Mizzou is in kind of a tailspin right now with Bowers hurt and Dixon having been kicked off the team, but beating that team by 31 is still damn impressive. Florida is one of the few teams in the country with a great offense and a great defense, with great players both on the perimeter and in the paint. I feel pretty effing good having gotten down on them at 12-1 to win the whole thing. Don't think, just do it.
5. Syracuse Orangemen. I've touted Louisville as my #1 team in the country so I need to give credit to the Orange for taking them down on the road, and actually this was the game that convinced me to put Cuse in that "could win the title" group because they played great in a tough environment. I have no idea why Syracuse has kind of been under my radar, but I assume it's because I'm an idiot. They're loaded at guard and play two point guards in Brandon Triche and Michael Carter-Williams, which they can get away with because they're 6-4 and 6-6, and an awesome front court that includes two great scorers (C.J. Fair and James Southerland) and a defensive superstar (Rakeem Christmas). Their only loss was to Temple at MSG, and they now have probably the best win of anyone this season with that roadie vs. the #1 team to legitimize them. They do have a big issue hanging over them with Southerland's indefinite suspension due to some kind of academic issue, but I would assume he'll be back soon enough given that Syracuse is a big time hoops school and so the administrators probably understand it's best to get him back on the court.
1. Gopher basketball. I'm not giving up on the season, thinking they suck, or anything like that. I mean they have three losses this season and they're all to teams that have been ranked in the top 3 this season, and only the Duke game was a double digit loss. What sucks, and why I have to put the Gophers here, is that I'm having trouble imagining them as a Final Four team anymore, simply because there have been stretches in all three losses where they've been absolutely dominated, and the domination wasn't for a short period of time but a very long one. Michigan outscored them 20-7 over a 7 minute period, Indiana had that entire first half, and Duke pretty much controlled the whole game. For much of this year I had considered the Gophers to be a possible Final Four contending team and maybe the best Gopher team of my life. That seems laughable now, as I'm fairly certain the '97 team would crush these guys.
That's not to say this can't be a very good year. I'm picturing the team now as a top 5 finisher in the Big 10 with like a 5 seed and a decent shot to make the Sweet 16. Wouldn't we all have taken that coming into the season? Of course we would have. By any measure (for the Gopher program) that's a successful season, it's just that it felt like the bar had been raised and that this might be a special team, rather than a very good one. It's hard to feel that way anymore after watching Michigan completely outclass them on their own court. Hopefully they can sweet these next four winnable games and I can feel a bit better, and even though I know this is a really good Gopher team it's hard not to feel a bit of a gut punch here. It's not the losses, it's the way they lost. Hopefully they learn and move on. I'm also now extremely terrified of going to Northwestern.
2. Los Angeles Lakers. I know I'm not exactly breaking new ground here because I think everyone is aware of the Lakers' struggles, but holy crap you guys. Anybody who ever watched sports new their might be an adjustment period bringing in Nash to play with a guy who dominates the ball like Kobe (similar to the LeBron/Wade pairing initially) but even if it took them a while to get it figured out with complimentary players like Dwight Howard and Pau Gasol you'd expect them, worst case, to end up being a very dangerous low seed in the playoffs as they finally figured it out. One problem - they're not figuring it out, and at 17-23 are in severe danger of missing the playoffs after losing to Toronto on Sunday (TORONTO!!) thanks in part to Howard getting booted for picking up two technicals. They've now lost eight of their last ten, and count losses to the Raptors, Cavs, Magic, and the Kings among their failures this year - those are some bad teams. Normally I would be enjoying this immensely, but I just acquired Kobe for my Fantasy NBA team and so now I don't hate him as much.
3. Jordan Hulls. So let me get this straight, the Underpants Gnome plays out of his mind against the Gophers but then plays like a total asshole against Wisconsin? And don't you dare credit Wisconsin for this either, because he was just total garbage who couldn't shoot, only bothered to take 1 three-pointer (seriously with that range he only attempted one? First time all year), and turned the ball over like he was giving it away for Valentine's Day to some handsome man. Plus he was outplayed by Ben Brust who sucks. And what was with Indiana doubling down on Ryan freaking Evans on the block? Just let him go to work, you'll be better off letting him shoot. The only possible explanations for this game was that Indiana felt invincible after beating the Gophers and forgot to try or Jordan Hulls threw the game. Also, why do I have so much trouble spelling invincible? Everything about this has my brain scrambled like Kevin Burleson trying to break a press.
4. Matt Ryan. I thought Ryan was getting a little too much heat for never having won a playoff game (probably because the Matty Ice nickname is so annoying) but it's hard to find a way to not blame that game on Ryan (with a major assist to the defense). I'll even forgive him the pick because Roddy White fell down, but there were plenty of unforgivable mistakes. The fumbled shot gun snap that San Fran recovered which hit him perfectly in the hands and not picking up a single first down after recovering the Crabtree fumble (giving the Niners great field position after a shitty punt) were both pretty awful, but Ryan saved his worst for the biggest play of the game. On that fourth down inside the 10 he forced the ball to a non-open White, never bothering to look at any other receive and thus missing an absolutely wide open Tony Gonzalez who had slipped behind the linebackers and there wasn't a safety over the top - easy TD. I should feel good about this loss because the Falcons screwed over the Vikings in '98, but I hate Jim Harbaugh, Ray Lewis, and the Patriots so Atlanta was my only chance to enjoy the Super Bowl. Hopefully they'll be good food.
5. Seattle Mariners. If I'm going to praise the Nationals for making a good move, I gotta point out that the Mariners apparently are assembling a softball team or something. After acquiring Michael Morse in the above mentioned trade, they now have all these guys: Morse, Raul Ibanez, Jason Bay, Kendrys Morales, Justin Smoak, and Jesus Montero. Which means that even if they plan to give Montero another shot to be a catcher (LOL) they've still got five mostly immobile types to try to shoehorn into a lineup. That means something like Montero at C, Ibanez in LF, Morse in RF, Morales at 1b, and either Smoak or Bay at DH with the other coming off the bench? Ibanez and Morse as two of your 3 outfielders? Franklin Gutierrez is very good, but he's not that good. I guess the real point is why even trade for Morse? Even if they've given up on Smoak (and if they have they should trade him to the Twins because I STILL BELIEVE DAMMIT) acquiring Morse brings nothing to you that you don't already have, and by trading John Jaso to do it you've severely downgraded your defense going to Montero, but they don't really have another choice because, again, they have way to many slow RF/DH/1b types to fit Montero's bat in any other way. Seattle has the potential for a pretty kick-ass future (seriously their minor league pitchers are top shelf) but if they keep fucking up the present like this it's not going to matter. Those Nintendo guys haven't done anything baseball-related right since Baseball Stars. Remember Baseball Stars 2? What were they thinking?
You'll notice I had the prudence to not write about this whole Manti Te'o thing because let's be honest, it's pretty played out at this point. Was a pretty good day on twitter, though. I also didn't write about hockey because it's a sport for cretins. See you soon with a preview of the Northwestern game. Or maybe just a link to the one I wrote like a week ago. Jesus aren't they supposed to space these games out?
When I saw this part of the Gopher schedule (@Illinois, @Indiana, Michigan) I said the Gophers would need to win at least one to prove they were as good as I thought, and anything beyond that would be a bonus. Now that they got the first one out of the way early and proved themselves to be on equal footing (or at least close) to Indiana (on the road no less), I'm having trouble looking at this Michigan game as anything other than a "must win." Not a "must win" for the season of course, but I really, desperately, want the Gophers to have that game that truly announces they're a legit Final Four contender. I know the Illinois game was close, although it's lost some shine after they were stomped by terrible Wisconsin, and on the strength of the overall season and the win over Michigan State and second half against Indiana the national media refers to them as a Final Four contender all over the place, but I want more. I don't want this to be a Final Four contender upstart type team, I want them to go into the tournament with people picking them to go to the Final Four all over the place. I want an elite team. The schedule really thins out after this with four games the Gophers will almost certainly be favored in (@Northwestern, @Wisconsin, Nebraska, and Iowa - although @Wisconsin is never easy), and that is why I really, really want them to win this Michigan game. Their next chance for a real big win isn't until they go to East Lansing on February 6th.
That being said of course, this is going to be an extremely difficult game for the Gophers. If college basketball is won and lost with the back court, Michigan is in great shape because they may have the best back court in the country with Trey Burke, Tim Hardaway, and Nik Stauskas.
Burke is a national player of the year candidate and the best point guard in the country. He's the rare point guard who excels as a distributor (7.1 assists per game, tops in the Big 10) but who also scores in bunches (18 per, 3rd). He can do this because he's almost unguardable. He shoots a very high percentage as a guard (52%) because he's able to get easy transition buckets and assists since Michigan simply just does not allow offensive rebounds to their opponents (#2 in the country). In the half court he can hit the open shot and is also quick enough to beat most other guards and get into the lane, either getting or finding teammates for easy shots. He's similar to Andre Hollins in that they both really like the step back jumper after getting the defender off balance, and it will be imperative that the Gophers force Burke to settle for long jumpers rather than let him get into the lane the way Ferrell and Oladipo did on Saturday. I'll say again, keeping Burke out of the lane is the #1 key on Thursday. Easier said than done, but if the Gopher defense is as good I think it is they should be up for the task.
When Burke drives the other two set up on the wing. Hardaway has really tightened up his shot selection this year and it's helped him reach career highs in scoring (16.1) and shooting percentage (both 2s and 3s). The percentage of his attempts that come from three has dropped each year as he's learned not to settle for the contested 3-pointer (which was something you could always count on), and he's about as athletic as it comes when he's running the floor (not Rodney Williams athletic, but human athletic). Another reason Hardaway may be more judicious with his three-point attempts is he's not needed there as much anymore, because Stauskas has come in as the least heralded of the three Michigan freshman and ended up leading them in scoring (12.7) by being the dead-eye shooter Beilein loves. Stauskas is hitting 51% of his three-point attempts while leading the conference in makes . With so many weapons for Michigan (Burke, Hardaway, and Glenn Robinson) it's easy for teams to lose track of Stauskas when he spots up, particularly in transition, and he makes them pay. He's hit a three in every game this year other than their loss to Ohio State on Sunday, and the last time he hit fewer than two in a game was November. Finding Stauskas and limited to two or fewer made three pointers is probably key #2 for this game.
If Minnesota has a clear advantage it's in the paint, where Trevor Mbakwe and Rodney Williams will match up with Glenn Robinson and Jordan Morgan (and Mitch McGary). Robinson is 6-6 and 210 and is probably better suited to be on the wing, but he's more comfortable in close (he's not that different than Rodney was last year). He's another major reason why Michigan ranks #1 in offensive efficiency this year (he shoots 59%), and he's one of only two "good" offensive rebounders on the Wolverines, so keeping him off the glass will be imperative. Morgan is the other good offensive rebounder Michigan has (he's about on par with Williams), and although he does little else than set picks and grab boards he has the size and strength to battle Mbakwe, although looking at their match-ups from two seasons ago Mbakwe averaged 15 and 9 while Morgan failed to grab a rebound in the game at Williams so maybe that's not as much of a concern.
As far as Michigan's bench goes the main impact guy is McGary, the 6-10, 250 lbs. freshman who was a top 5 recruit this year by pretty much everybody. He gets a good amount of minutes spelling Morgan and is not only big but an excellent athlete as well. He's still kind of figuring it out (averages only 5 ppg) but is immensely talented and is absolutely going to have a breakout game one of these days here, let's just hope it isn't this game. He's an absolute monster on the glass where his offensive and defensive rebounding percentages when he's in the game are actually are better than Mbakwe's and he averages six rebounds per game despite playing an average of just 15 minutes. He's a fouling machine (averages 6 fouls per 40 minutes) so keeping him off the floor in foul trouble is possible and preferable.
Not much here for the rest of the bench - similar to the Gophers they're very reliant on the starters and have a handful of players who can spot fill minutes (only 9 guys played against Ohio State). Spike Albrecht is the back-up point guard and Caris Levert the wing guy - both can hit threes at a pretty good clip (38% and 42%). Jon Horford is the fourth big guy off the bench, but at this point is still known more for defense than offense, and everyone else is a deep bench guy where if we see much of them on Thursday either the Gophers have done something right or something very, very wrong.
I admit, I thought the Gophers had a better chance of winning in Bloomington than they did beating Michigan, even at home. This Wolverine team legitimately might be the best in the entire country, and Burke is just ridiculous guiding that offense. They never, ever turn it over (2nd best in the country), shoot 58% from two (5th) and 39% from three (19th) with four of their top six guys shooting 52% from the floor or better and of the six guys who have taken the most three pointers five of them hit at least 37% including the #2 guy in the Big Ten. In order to win this game the Gophers are going to have to score, which is possible because Michigan isn't nearly as elite defensively as offensively (although they're still very good), but could be difficult because, as I said, Michigan simply does not allow offensive rebounds to their opponents and that's been a huge weapon for the Gophers. The good news is that Michigan has been sub-par creating turnovers this year as well as defending the two-point shot, so Minnesota should have opportunities to score plenty, and perhaps will actually take care of the ball going against an opponent who is not particularly adept at taking it.
One other interesting stat of note is that the Gophers play at a significantly faster tempo than Michigan, and they should try to push it as often as possible on Thursday. Although Michigan puts up a ton of points they do so mostly through their efficient half court offense rather than by pushing tempo and getting quick shots. It seems counter intuitive with a point guard like Burke, shooters like Stauskas and athletes like Hardaway and Robinson, but Michigan prefers not to run. So in the half court we're going to see the most efficient offense in the country against the 19th best defense. Man this game is huge.
Because Michigan's complimentary players can score so efficiently, the big key here will be for the Hollins brothers to handle Burke in one-on-one situations so the help defense doesn't get sucked in, leading to open shots. If they can limit him to a lot of long, step-back type jumpers that are contested it will go a long way to giving the Gophers the opportunity to win this game. This is Andre Hollins' chance to announce himself to the world. He's been noticed, but it's time to become a household name. Even as I started typing this I was planning on picking Michigan to win, but the more I type and the more I think the more I remember how the Gophers stormed back against Indiana in that second half. That, more than anything, showed me what kind of team this is. Then there's the Michigan State game. And the Northwestern game. And the Illinois game. This is a different team than we're used to, I'm convinced of it. Home game, versus a top team? I changed my mind. They're gonna do it.
Well that first half was difficult to watch. At the very least I was hoping for the Gophers to be competitive against Indiana and keep it close in order to justify their top 10 ranking. Sort of like if Mississippi or Miami was suddenly ranked in the top 10 I'd be quite skeptical and expect them to not be able to hang with the truly elite teams, I am guessing many felt the same way about the Gophers so the first half was no fun at all.
At times it seemed like a different team out there than I was used to seeing - taking bad and contested shots, turning the ball over more than usual, and a complete inability to stop dribble penetration which gave Indiana open shot after open shot. It was frustrating. However the more I watched the more I realized the Gophers weren't really playing poorly, Indiana was just playing nearly perfectly. The poor shot selection was a function of great Hoosier defense, not the Gophers suddenly becoming Illinois, and the majority of the turnovers were Indiana making a play rather than Minnesota just giving it away. And as far as the "poor" Minnesota defense? Well it turns out Indiana is pretty damn good.
The second half, however, showcased just how good the Gophers can be. Maybe they weren't quite ready to play a team as good as Indiana. Maybe the weren't quite ready for a hostile and loud crowd. Maybe they were a little too amped up (Dre Hollins especially). Whatever the reason for not being able to hang with the Hoosiers in the first half (and maybe it was just Indiana being Indiana) the Gophers didn't just go through the motions in the second half, they came out fired up and ready to prove they belonged on the same court and they most certainly did. If not for a heartbreaking Jordan Hulls rebound off his own missed free throw we might be talking about a miracle win - it was that close.
What that second half showed me is that this team is, without question, a top 10 team. They battled back and thoroughly outplayed the Hoosiers in the second half, and displayed the heart and "never give up"-ness that was a hallmark of the 1997 team. If Indiana doesn't get several questionable calls and doesn't shoot 40 free throws to just 15 for the Gophers, maybe it never even comes down to one rebound. In any case this team is for real, my friends. Michigan comes to down Thursday. Can't wait.
I will eventually, probably tonight, have my thoughts on that Gopher/Hoosier game put up on here. In the meantime, here's a video I made back in 2009 to show everyone what it's like trying to have a baseball conversation with my stupid friend Dawger. I stumbled across it today and it made me laugh so hopefully it will make you all laugh too. Actually I couldn't give less of a crap if you like it or not, it makes me laugh.
You mean I have to write this preview already? It feels like the Illinois game just ended. And man, what a game. The Gophers defense is absolutely ridiculous. I've never seen a team handle their rotations so well, and even Joe Coleman is looking semi-competent on that end. That defense creates so many opportunities to run, whether through turnovers or missed shots, and with the athletes they have it plays right into their strengths. Even in the half-court they're playing incredibly efficient and finding open opportunities, and with five guys who can score 20+ in any given night opposing defenses can't key on any one player or in any one area. The bench is a bit of a concern, but like Snacks pointed out to me it's really not THAT bad, it's just that the starters are so good that when the reserves are in it makes them look worse. The Gophers have gotten really strong stretches from Welch, Ahanmisi, Ingram, Oto, and Elliason this year, and when Tubby goes with that lineup they've been able to keep the margin close to what it was when they came in, giving Tubby the chance to rest the good players so they can play all or nearly all of the second half. This is awesome.
But, as the way this season goes, as long as I'd like to dwell in the happiness of this win over Illinois we move on and now face a top 5 ranked team in the country and the preseason favorite (according to Vegas) to win the whole thing in the Indiana Hoosiers.
The Hoosiers come in at 14-1, with the lone loss coming in overtime against Butler in Indianapolis in a game that went to overtime. The most interesting thing to me about those 14 wins is that they may not have a single win over an NCAA Tournament team yet. NDSU is one of the favorites to win the Summit, but not the clear favorite. Georgetown is a bubble team at best who's 0-2 in the Big East, North Carolina is heading straight for the NIT, and Iowa is going to have to pull off some major upsets (pleasegodno) to make it. Everyone else has been a creampuff.
I bring that up not to say Indiana is overrated - far from it. They've played incredibly well this year, ranking 6th in overall offense and 7th in overall defense at kenpom.com, one of only three teams (along with Duke and Florida) to rank in the top 10 in both. While the Gophers also fair extremely well in those ratings (10th & 14th) they have a couple of glaring weaknesses (turnovers and allowing offensive rebounds) while in comparison Indiana is above average in literally every single metric measured. They're an extremely good shooting team who can also put the clamps down defensively, they rebound well on both ends of the court, and they get to the line often while not putting their opponents there. They don't depend on the three-pointer but hit it with regularly when they're left open, move the ball well, and like the Gophers, have five guys who can go for 20+ on any given night and can hurt defenses in a variety of different ways. In short, this isn't Illinois or even Michigan State, this is a legit national title favorite (top 3-4 for me). It isn't going to be easy.
I don't even know where to start when it comes to individual players because there's so much, so let's just get to it.
Cody Zeller could win National Player of the Year and he'd deserve it. He's got great moves around the rim and can score with either hand going either direction and has a decent jumper out to about 15. He blocks a decent amount of shots due to his height but isn't an exceptional athlete although he's no slouch there either and can run the floor very well. He's added some strength this year but if he has a weakness it's his physicality. The best thing that could happen for the Gophers would be to have Mbakwe go right after him and knock him around on both ends of the floor, hoping they refs let a lot go, beat him up, and take him off his game. Will that work? I don't know, but it's what I'd try.
Next to Zeller is Christian Watford, who creates an interesting match-up with Rodney Williams because they're both kind of tweeners, but with different skill sets. While Williams puts up his numbers with his incredible athleticism, Watford is the exact opposite in that he gets his numbers (and the two have very similar numbers) despite being known as somewhat unathletic due to fundamentals and positioning and other nerdy things like that. The other big difference is while Rodney is a questionable (at best) jump shooter, Watford is a dead-eye from 3. The other knock on Watford is that he can lose focus and kind of tune out the game, and the Gophers best chance is for Rodney to frustrate him on the offensive end and hope he tunes out a bit and doesn't crash the offensive boards the way he usually can.
The third guy I want to point out is swingman Victor Oladipo, who might be the second best athlete in the conference (behind Rodney). Also like Rodney, when he came into college ball he was basically an athlete who played basketball, but has since morphed into a more complete player, and Oladipo is a rich man's Williams because he is a more efficient version than Williams with a good jump shot. I mean, dude, the guy is shooting 67% from the floor and 48% from three while averaging similar point and rebound per game numbers to Williams. The Gopher defense is going to have to be just as tight against Indiana as it was against Illinois because if Oladipo gets the ball with just a speck of daylight to the rim he's going to explode after it. Hopefully somebody can draw a charge or two.
Those are your three main cogs, but there's plenty of other talent here as well. Jordan Hulls and Yogi Ferrell form kind of a tandem point guard duo - Hulls the steady veteran who takes care of the ball and is a great (and very smart) shooter (hits 52% from the field and three despite being a perimeter guy), and Ferrell the exciting (5.1 assists per game) freshman who is a little wild and can't hit the broad side of a barn when he shoots (32% from the floor, 24% from three). The compliment each other extremely well and both are excellent defenders, if a bit undersized. It may work to have the Gopher guards (Coleman, both Hollinses) post them up. I'm not sure what kind of post game the Gopher guards have, but given their size/strength advantage I'd love to see them try.
Lastly, the Hoosiers have a pretty talented and deep bench led by Will Sheehey who is their fourth leading scorer and a damn good athlete in his own right and also is kind of a dick. Remy Abell, Jeremy Hollowell, Derek Elston, and the recently reinstated Hanner Mosquera-Perea and Austin Etherington were all highly regarded recruits and round out the Hoosier bench with a cast that's probably better than Iowa.
Breaking it down, I really don't see any clear advantages for the Gophers. Their best bet is to play their game - tough defense, taking advantage of transition opportunities, and crashing the offensive glass - and hope a few things go their way. Hope the Gophers' physical play can intimidate and render Zeller and Watford ineffective. Hope they can play well enough to shut down Oladipo, and that they can push Indiana out of the lane and get them to settle for the same bad shots Illinois was taking (and hope Hulls doesn't hit them anyway). Hope the Gophers can stay out of foul trouble, because even though their bench is good, Indiana's is great. If anything is a weakness for the Hoosiers it's that they haven't faced a team as good as the Gophers yet, where the Gophers have already played Duke. For Indiana, Georgetown is probably as physical but isn't as skilled, while Butler is as skilled as the Gophers but isn't nearly as physical. North Carolina and Iowa both try to score in transition the way the Gophers do, but neither are on Minnesota's level.
In reality, Indiana is a X.X point favorite for a reason, and while the Gophers can probably make a real game of it at home trying to overcome Indiana's advantage at Assembly Hall (and Big Ten ref's propensity for playing to the crowd) is likely too big a task. A close game ending with a 5-8 point Indiana win is the likely outcome.
I remember a game back in 1997. A game where a ranked Gopher team went into Assembly Hall to face a higher ranked Indiana team. Things looked bleak. The Hoosiers looked to control the game as time wound down, and it looked like another good Gopher team would just be good. Then there was a three-pointer. A steal. And then Bobby Jackson hit a three from the corner and we were headed to overtime, where the Gophers ground out a 5-point victory. And they were off. Next stop, Final Four and the best Gopher team of my lifetime. Well, maybe until now.
-11 minutes - So why not drink some booze and live blog, am I right? Watching the Iowa State vs. Kansas game right now. Great game.
-9 minutes - On a scale of 1-think the Big Bang Theory isn't nerdy enough, how nerdy is it that I just watched this:
-7 minutes - So real quick since we have some time let me just mention how ridiculous the Hall of Fame voting crap was this year with nobody getting in. Are you guys kidding me? The worst part is you know they think they're taking some kind of stand or making a statement, when in reality they're just being a bunch of pussies. The worst part? As pointed out by Loretta8 from Sippin' on Purple - Bonds and Clemens finished with a different amount of votes. One is the all-time home run leader, the other won 7 Cy Young Awards. They're both no-brainer first ballot inductees - unless you are against voting in steroid guys (aka completely ignoring the 90s) in which case they both are at the same level of guilt and should both stay out. One way or the other. This means somebody voted for one, but not the other guy. Makes zero sense. They need to revamp the whole system, and I hate saying that because I really don't know how to make it better. To start, how about kicking out all the idiots.
-4 minutes - Seriously, even if you don't want to vote in anybody you remotely suspect of steriods (and, by the way, I've never heard Piazza linked to roids) how do you not elect Craig Biggio? The stats are there and I'm pretty sure nobody suspects him of steroid use. Or elect Tim Raines for christ's sake. He's the second best leadoff hitter of all-time. At some point I may have to do a post on Raines - or at least link to one - because the guy absolutely has the numbers to be in Cooperstown. And you know he wasn't on steroids because he was too busy being high on cocaine.
20:00 - Being good kind of sucks. It was much easier watching these games when I knew they were going to lose.
17:41 - Illinois doing a good job keeping the Gophers off the offensive glass, which we can tell already because they've missed like, a billion shots already.
16:53 - Announcer guy FYI - D.J. Richardson is not a "sharp shooter." Gopher offense is so bad right now I'm afraid Tubby might go with the line change offense.
16:18 - Brandon Paul called for the charge after dunking over Mbakwe - announcers don't seem to realize that is, indeed, an offensive foul so who cares about the dunk part. I feel like these guys might be the death of me. Gophers down 4-3, but there have been as many shots already as there were in the entire first half of the Northwestern game.
15:44 - Wait a minute. How can a basket count on a made dunk with a charge called? By definition the ball was still in Paul's hand, which by definition means the basket doesn't count. Jesus this is like re-writing the rules of math. It's not like you can just change PI to be equal to 3.14158. My god people.
14:29 - Gopher defense has been good, forcing Illinois into tough shots, other than the two dunks that is, and doing a good job on the boards. Gophers just not converting opportunities except for just now with Coleman on a dunk in transition. More transition please.
13:25 - Rodney for 3? I guess if they aren't going to challenge it he's going to have to prove he can hit it. Big shot as far as rest of the game implications go.
12:12 - Dre hits a three to answer a Richardson three. Richardson's came early in the shot clock with a hand in his face, Dre's came mid-shot clock and was wide open. Gophers are going to win this game, you guys.
11:29 - Complete second unit in for the Gophers. Great. And Elliason travels 35 feet from the bucket. I know why he does this, so he can play the good players the entire second half, but I still don't like it. Gophers down 13-11 right now, let's hope it stays close to that number while these clowns run down the shot clock again and again.
7:56 - TV timeout coming with Illinois up 16-15. Good job by the second unit. And by good job, I mean good job on defense (for real) with absolutely brutal offense until Mbakwe came in for Elliason, with Trevor scoring all four points.
7:42 - Wow. Mbakwe with the drive from the top of the key, makes a lefty layup and is fouled. That was an NBA second round draft pick play right there. Free throw to tie? Good.
6:45 - Coleman goes for a monster dunk and gets fouled but it's not called, good job attacking the rim though. Pretty sure Dan just pulls up for a 16 footer there.
5:47 - Great defensive rotations forcing the Illini into bad shots, leading to transition opportunities leading to back-to-back dunks by Coleman and Mbakwe. Gophers up four.
4:17 - Good one-on-one move by Bertand to hit a jumper, answered by a three-pointer by Austin Hollins off a good pass by Andre in transition.
3:57 - D.J. Richardson has got to be one of the more disappointing big 10 players I can remember. Tons of fan fare and hype and in four years he's become nothing more than a jump shooter. Of course, it's tough when you have to play for the worst couch in the world.
2:08 - Illinois getting (and hitting) a shit ton of free throws, keeping this close at 31-27 Gophers. Illinois just terrible from three right now, but a lot of it is the Gopher defense. In general the Illini aren't missing open shots, but contested ones.
1:25 - Hollins (Austin) for three, followed by an Illini miss, followed by Andre Ingram throwing a pass into the 8th row. I really think Andre Ingram is very promising for a sophomore.
0:47 - Paul actually gets an open look and drains it. Then Ingram travels. We're going to have to go Iron Five.
0:00 - 34-30 Gophers at the half. Excellent job. Gopher defense is playing awesome, and as long as they keep that up and keep getting transition opportunities they're going to win this game.
19:13 - Illinois still taking dumb shots as Paul goes for the contested running floater (and misses).
18:33 - Paul swatted by Rodney on a contested turnaround jumper, which leads to a wide open three for Austin Hollins (who misses) which leads to an offensive rebound which leads to a lay-up (and foul) for Mbakwe. Free throw good. That sequence was a microcosm of this game.
16:17 - How about a 40 footer with teh shot clock at two that banks in for Dre who I'm not even sure looked at the hoop? How about that?
14:52 - Illinois with a couple buckets in the paint to cut it to 44-36 Gophers. I hope they haven't figured out this "get good shots" thing.
14:11 - Another lay-up for Illinois, time-out Gophers. Gotta keep 'em out of the paint and keep making them take those contested jumpers they love so much.
12:33 - Illini cut it to 2 with like their fourth straight basket in the paint. I liked it better when they were stupid. Also Mo Walker in the game is killing everything.
11:54 - Austin Hollins steal leads to a dunk for Coleman, and then a Dre Hollins steal leads to an intentional foul by Illinois. Also, I'm having a heart attack.
11:54 - I think I'm supposed to try to be funny but I'm just way too into the game. If you want to laugh just listen to Nickelback or Coldplay or something.
11:41 - Dre hits both free throws and then nails a three. Thank god for Dre. Like Eminem said, you can't forget about Dre. *streetcred*
9:38 - Coleman for three? Great play by Rodney to find him. And again Illinois gets to the lane and draws a foul. This needs to stop.
9:12 - Time for Welch to shine here with four fouls on Andre Hollins already. I'm fine with him on offense, but very scared on defense.
8:38 - Gophers switch to a zone leading to an absolutely terrible three point miss by Paul, leading to a dunk by Rodney and a 58-47 Gopher lead. I love dumb teams.
7:09 - Paul into the lane and misses when he could have kicked it out to a teammate for an open three, leads to a transition lay-up for Coleman and a 60-49 lead. I feel like I'm typing the same thing over and over again. Also fearing this is a pretty worthless live blog for the reader, but what do you care it's saving you from having to think about actually doing work.
6:42 - Bertand goes one-on-one for about 10 dribbles then misses a contested turnaround. I know I keep pointing it out but I can't get over how dumb this team is.
4:45 - Coleman with ANOTHER three. And Dre Hollins just checked in and picked up his fourth foul, which means earlier when I thought he had four he only had three which means I have no idea why he was ever taken out of the game.
2:52 - Richardson airballs a three (contested, of course) which reminds me why I probably CAN breathe.
2:30 - I know the game isn't over yet (Gophers up 72-59) but man is this team good. Their defense is incredible. Watching their rotations on defense was the most impressive part of the game, and that's a game when Coleman scored 25 (as of now). Those who didn't watch or didn't pay attention may call this a fluky bad shooting night by the Illini, but the Gophers had everything to do with that. Then look at the offense where they have five guys who could put up 20 on any given night? This team is for real, kids.
0:09 - Dre with a three as the shot clock winds down becasue why not. 84-67 Final. Crazy, dudes. I'll maybe have more on this game tomorrow if I don't get lazy
Illinois is an awfully tough team to figure out. On one hand, they're ranked just 34th at kenpom.com using his advanced stats, so you'd tend to think the 14-2 start was a bit fluky and dismiss them as pretenders. On the other hand, however, they just spanked Ohio State by almost 20 (an overrated Ohio State, but still) and already own a road win at Gonzaga by double digits and a neutral site win over Butler by nearly 20. Those are not three wins a fluky team should have. Their losses (to Missouri on a neutral court and @ Purdue) are both acceptable as well. No clue what to make of these guys.
One thing is for certain, they're already better off than the last several seasons since they finally jettisoned world's worst coach Bruce Weber and, with Tracey Abrams emergence, they actually have a viable point guard for the first time since the good ole days of Chester Frazier. Perhaps the best thing about Abrams is that he's allowed Brandon Paul to spend more time off the ball where he's more of a natural, and it's showed as Paul has blossomed into maybe the second best scorer in the league behind DeShaun Thomas. Paul has always had a tendency to fall a bit too in love with the 3 (which seems to be Illinois' mantra this year - more on that in a minute) but can score from anywhere and excels getting to the rim. His numbers are up across the board this year and is the best perimeter players the Gophers have faced this season. If Austin Hollins is going to be the defensive stopper we think he is (and I think he is) this is his big test to prove it.
Paul is certainly a concern for the Gophers, but the entire Illinois team is dangerous because they've simply fallen completely in love with the three-pointer. They shoot an absolute ton of them (43% of their FG attempts come behind the line - 15th in the country) and make a whole bunch (hitting 36% on the year). For most of the year I figured this was totally a fluke since they were a terrible shooting team last year (just 30% from three, one of the worst marks in the nation) and it's pretty close to the same team. It's been going on a bit too long to be a total fluke, however, so perhaps there's an alternative explanation. Much as how a great coach can make his players better, perhaps a horrendous coach can suppress such simple skills as jump shooting. Much like the West Canaan Coyotes truly blossomed as a team after Coach Bud Kilmer was forced out, perhaps too these Illini merely needed to cast out Bruce Weber to suddenly all become marksmen from deep.
I don't really know the reason, but suddenly all five major contributors have turned into Ray Allen. Paul has increased a bit but you could attribute that to playing more off the ball and the "senior step up", and D.J. Richardson is actually a little bit worse, but Abrams (from 26% to 32%), Tyler Griffey (from 29% to 41%) and Joseph Bertrand (from 30% to 44%) all made the Moxon leap. Can they keep this up? Really, it depends on if you believe in the Varsity Blues theory, and that's also what's going to swing this game. The Gophers defend the three pretty well, and the other team they played that shot a lot of them at a high percentage (Richmond) they held to 4-20 shooting.
And yet Richmond is not West Canaan (more like Bainville, am I right?), and Illinois is clearly better and almost everything than Richmond. The Gophers are much better than Illinois in pretty much every way, and the Gophers are going to absolutely destroy them on the boards. There's no reason for the Gophers to lose this game, except that Illinois' big strength is what they like to call "the great equalizer" (no, not Lincoln). Illinois is going to shoot a lot of threes, and probably hit a lot of threes. Can the Gophers limit that? Can the Gophers grab 75% of their misses (they get 49.7% on the season, Illinois allows 34% - that's really bad) and just keep scoring every trip down the court? Who wins the turnover battle?
It all comes down to what you believe. There's the theory that the Gophers are a Final Four team. Then there's the theory (not directly competing but you know) that Illinois is the Varsity Blues team, and they won the title. IT ALL COMES DOWN TO WHAT YOU BELIEVE.
Well I'm not sure I can call it a good win, but they did end up covering the spread and so just looking at the final margin everything looks good, even if that first half was some of the ugliest basketball I've ever seen and was so boring even Bo Ryan wanted them to speed up the game. They managed to make adjustments in the second half and ended up winning easily - a pretty impressive feat that once again shows how good and experienced this team is. I'll make a few other points, once again in list style like I did after the Michigan State game because it's easier and then I don't have to bother with those pesky transition sentences between paragraphs. Those guys are jerks.
- I was stunned Tubby wasn't running any kind of a press to try to jump start the tempo of the game, since it was obvious from the beginning (and should have been obvious before the game, based on stats) that Northwestern was going to try to limit the number of possessions in the game. I give him a little bit of credit for at least figuring that out in the second half, even if the full court pressure was more of a token man-to-man the half-court man trap definitely got the game moving. With the pressure upped it caused more steals and more shots from the Wildcats earlier in the shot clock, which led to more opportunities in transition where Northwestern got killed by Michigan and, sure enough, the Gophers had a significant advantage and it's basically what changed the game. Once again, I'm right.
- The Gophers' edge in athleticism also manifested itself, along with their size advantage, on the boards where Minnesota grabbed as many offensive boards as Northwestern had total, and the overall rebounding margin was 45-20 in their favor. Northwestern just had no answer. I will say that Alex Olah is eventually going to be really, really annoying. He's already a beast size wise and is just a freshman, and even though he got pretty well schooled by Mbakwe in this game it'd be hard to find a freshman big man who wouldn't. I may be overrating him a bit but it wouldn't surprise me at all if he ends up a double-double guy by the end of his career. That's assuming he progresses in his game and gets quicker and more athletic. If not, well, hello Luka Mirkovich v. 2.0.
- Despite all that goodness, the turnovers are still rough. The Gophers gave it away 15 times against a team that doesn't cause very many of them. This needs to change, or it good be the difference between a great season and merely a very good one.
- I think the Austin Hollins run of five three-pointers was the most fun I've had at a game all year. The Rodney and Mbakwe dunks (and Coleman, I suppose) might be more individually exciting, but there's just something fun about a guy just being absolutely on fire from 3. I just love watching the heat checks. Like how Hollins' third three pointer was probably a little bit of a bad decision but who cares because he already hit two, and then his fourth was just a deep, deep three-ball he never would have taken if he hadn't hit three already. Just fun to see. The Gophers may not have a reliable shooter this year (sorry but no, they don't) but they have two guys who could hit eight in a game and it would phase me. And they're both named Hollins! What are the odds?!!?!??!?
I think my favorite part is how there are four Northwestern players near the lane and none of them do anything about it, especially Swopshire who just kind of chills out and watches. Not that I can blame him, I'm actually surprised there isn't anybody actively running out of the lane, which is would I'd do. That's one of those where if they were still using the same kind of back boards from back in the Shaq and Jerome Lane days there'd be a rain of glass and a healthy delay.
- Wally Ellenson certainly isn't shy. Six shots in six minutes. He's obviously not shy, and his amazing jumping ability means he can probably get that jumper off against almost anybody. He looks like he's heading for an instant offense type role off the bench next season. Assuming he makes enough shots, since the difference between instant offense and chucker is merely how many go in.
- For Northwestern, I thought both Reggie Hearn and Jared Swopshire looked good. Hearn had some real nice moves, although you could tell he was still hurting. It's no surprise he's their leading scorer. As for Swopshire, he looked really good on a few plays but then would disappear for long stretches. He actually reminded me so much of Dan Coleman it was incredible. Excellent tools - athletic, skilled, tall, good shooter - but for whatever reason just completely disappeared at times. I'm convinced Northwestern has enough good role players to be at least a fringe bubble team, but nobody to pull them altogether. Would have been interesting to see this group with Crawford. 'Tis a true shame.
- I also can't believe they managed to find a little Shurna clone with a worse haircut. How two different D-I caliber players can both have that same ugly jumper - but both still be good shooters - and both end up at Northwestern is uncanny. I spent at least five minutes at the game convincing to my dad that "that guy with the funny shot" actually graduated and this was a brand new guy. Thanks Kale (lol nice name) Abrahamson. Looking forward to three more years of that.
- Finally, speaking of my dad, I mentioned on Twitter that he was the Season Ticket Holder of the Game since he's had tickets since the mid-60s. Was pretty cool overall. We (me and Snacks got to go up with him since we're his sons) got to go to halfcourt and they made the announcement and took pictures and he got a ball autographed by Tubby that Snacks and I are already fighting over. The only negative was that god damn Goldy. He kept touching our heads and photo-bombing the pictures my mom was trying to take from the stands and just being a general nuisance, as mascots are known to be. Seriously, what must be wrong in someone's head to make a grown man/woman actually want to be a mascot? Being a cheerleader is weird enough but at least you get to grab chick's asses and hang out with them on road trips and stuff. Being a mascot is just sociopathic. At least Snacks got a little revenge, turning to Goldy after the pictures were done and telling him, "We're going to photoshop you right out of there." The dumbass mascot seemed legitimately disappointed that someone didn't like him, which, again, points to sociopathic tendencies. As usual, I'm always right.
;- Up next is the toughest road trip of the year, and it's a good time for it. Going to Illinois (who just crushed Ohio State) and Indiana is one hell of a test. If the Gophers manage to win one of these you can go ahead and up your expectations of the team a bit. Even if they lose both they still look like a Sweet 16 team, and who can complain about that other than Fat Reusse?
Send any comments, concerns, queries, or criticisms to downwithgoldy@yahoo.com. Also feel free to hit me up on the Facebook. Or on Twitter.
Wizards/Witches/Warlocks: These villains gain the ability to use magic mostly through extensive studies on magical writings and spell books. While any spell will do to prepare for their acts of villainy, in the cases of Warlocks and some Witches, they prefer dark or demonic magic as their primary power of choice.
Sorcerers/Sorceresses: These evildoers mostly have the innate talent for magic rather than studied, meaning they already have mastered some spells prior to their sorcery-related educations. An example would be Lord Voldemort who, just like his nemesis Harry Potter, mastered his innate magical powers to a small degree when he was young.
Magi-Tech/Magi-Technicians/Meta-Technicians/Technomagicians/Techno-Magicians/Technomancers: Individuals and creatures that regularly utilize both science and magic, as well as beings born of a mystical fusion of magic and technology.
Illusionists: A type of villain who can create realistic illusions. Unlike magic-users or reality-warpers, these illusions are not actually real but, to their victim, they can be frighteningly realistic. Many illusionists love to make their victims believe these illusions are real in order to trick them or simply mess with their minds. Sometimes, though, an illusionist's real goal is to simply live in a fantasy world where he or she is happiest but become villains to keep their fantasy world alive, such as Ray Thompson who only wanted to recreate the world he once knew but imprisoned all the survivors of a nuclear war to make sure it stayed the way he wanted it to.
Enchanters/Enchantress: These villains' magical power of choice is rendering something or someone under a spell.
Alchemists: Villains who use the mystical science of Alchemy for their criminal goals. Alchemy differs from story to story, but it most often focuses on transmuting matter to turn it into something purer (the most common example being turning any metal into gold) and making oneself evolve through meditation and experiments (in most stories, this evolution is about becoming immortal). In some stories focusing about magic and sorcerers, (Harry Potter, for instance) Alchemy is described as a special brand of magic; thus, most of its practitioners are sorcerers.
Emotion Vampires: Through mystical means, some villains can channel specific emotions (though they prefer negative ones such as fear, hatred and disgust) to increase their powers, be it from their own emotion or of those around them. An example of this would be The Sorcerer, whose powers would be amplified should everything around him be in a chaotic state.
Pseudoscientists/Unconventional Scientists: Villains with powers, abilities, energies, or concepts that, within their respective worlds/universes, and they are regarded as a science or even commonplace, despite the fact that they are abilities that are unnatural or even supernatural in the eyes of the audience. Some of these works illustrate a clear difference between said abilities and magic, but for the purposes of this wiki and the sake of simplicity, should be regarded as magic. Examples of this include ki from the Dragon Ball franchise, bending from Avatar: The Last Airbender, Semblance and Aura from RWBY, jutsu from Naruto, the Force from the Star Wars franchise, and certain types of the aforementioned alchemy, such as in Fullmetal Alchemist.
2018 Calendar Of Christmas And New Year Decoration Ornament Template with regard to Christmas Bell Template 2018
(Classical) IPA(Moss Green Graphic Under Armour Tee UA Mesh wXnWxUnqC): /stiːˈpen.di.um/, [stiːˈpɛn.di.ũ]
stipendium in Charlton T. Lewis and Charles Short (1879) A Latin Dictionary , Oxford: Clarendon Press
En poursuivant votre navigation sur notre site, vous acceptez l'utilisation de cookies afin de nous permettre d'améliorer votre expérience utilisateur. Cliquez ici pour en savoir plus.
Symptoms and signs of pustular psoriasis include at rapid onset of groups of small bumps filled with pus on the torso. Patients are often systemically ill and may have a fever. GALDERMA INDIA Pvt. Ltd. Zhu TH, et al. The patient's guide to psoriasis treatment. Part 4: Goeckerman therapy. Dermatology and Therapy. 2016;6:333. Psoriasis of intertriginous areas (usually the inguinal, gluteal, axillary, inframammary, and retroauricular folds and the glans of the uncircumcised penis) Ameen M Friday, March 4, 2016 1600 Clifton Road Atlanta, GA 30329-4027 USA The most recent biologic product approved by the FDA for the treatment of psoriasis is Stelara (ustekinumab). Ustekinumab contains an antibody that’s produced in a laboratory and designed to bind to a specific target in the immune system. “When given to patients, this antibody blocks the action of two proteins (interleukin 12 and 23) that contribute to the inflammation and the overproduction of skin cells. By targeting these proteins, ustekinumab can interrupt the inflammatory pathway,” McCord says. Folic Acid The body begins repairing a wound immediately and the process may continue for days, weeks, months or even years... Bedbugs Baths can be relaxing, but baths or showers that are too long or too hot can strip the skin of its oils, and this can make psoriasis worse. Research participation: children and young people (Young People) Dead Sea salts. Bath solutions, such as Dead Sea salts, oil, oilated oatmeal, or Epsom salts can help psoriasis by removing scales and easing itching. To try Dead Sea salts and other bath solutions, mix them in the bath as directed, then soak in the tub for about 15 minutes. As soon as you get out of the tub, apply a moisturizer to the skin. Don't expect a lot of improvement, however. Although we know much about the skin changes that occur and have identified many triggers, permanent cures are not yet possible. In many cases, psoriasis is controlled or improved by treating the visible effects (and underlying inflammation) rather than the basic cause. Sometimes, psoriasis patients may lose the condition naturally for long periods of time and completely on occasions. Careful planning and good compliance with treatment may leave the patient with minimal or no skin lesions for several years after completion of treatment.
Epidemiology Tell your doctor about any medication you take and ask whether it might affect your psoriasis.5. Stress Clinical Infectious Diseases: Open Access Psoriasis Uncovered: Myths Versus Truths Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article About NCBI Accesskeys About Epidermolysis Bullosa (EB) Locations & Directions Astronomy Finer Coven TR, Burack LH, Gilleaudeau R, Keogh M, Ozawa M, Krueger JG. Narrowband UV-B produces superior clinical and histopathological resolution of moderate-to-severe psoriasis in patients compared with broadband UV-B. Arch Dermatol1997;133:1514–22. The thin skin of the genitalia is highly sensitive to the adverse effects (atrophy) of topical corticosteroids. Drugs.com Mobile Apps Jump up ^ Bhosle MJ, Kulkarni A, Feldman SR, Balkrishnan R (2006). "Quality of life in patients with psoriasis". Health Qual Life Outcomes. 4: 35. doi:10.1186/1477-7525-4-35. PMC 1501000 . PMID 16756666. Psoriatic arthritis, a condition that causes joint pain and swelling. Sign up / Rubin CJ Dr Lynn Chiam of Children and Adult Skin Clinic in Singapore is an expert in treating PSORIASIS among adult and children. Get a solution to your psoriasis today by visiting her clinic. Rice Research: Open Access Open Access Journal Earth & Climate Manpower Pet Health Who should not use cyclosporine: Individuals with the following conditions or treatments should not take cyclosporine: What Your Face Says About Your Health Intensive care: experiences of family & friends Apremilast is thought to be harmful to a developing fetus and so it should not be given in pregnancy (US pregnancy category C). Skin atrophy with chronic use Diversity Mentorship Program In clinical studies, patients receiving Tremfya had significant improvement in the clearance of their skin plaques and a larger improvement in itching, pain, stinging, burning and skin tightness when compared with placebo at week 16. Superior results in skin clearance compared with Humira (adalimumab) were shown at weeks 16, 24 and 48. Common side effects may include lung infections, headache, reactions at the injection site, and joint pain, among others. Louie has a family history of lymphoma (cancer of the lymph glands) and he would be at greater risk of getting it if he took cyclosporine. He plans to start methotrexate instead and is hopeful about this treatment. There are many myths surrounding psoriasis, the main being that it is a contagious condition. These myths and misconceptions do not help anyone who suffers from psoriasis. Instead, they can increase the burden of what is often already an emotionally distressing and physically painful condition. Vitamin D Analogs Antenatal screening: general The most common symptom of scleroderma is a thickening and hardening of the skin, particularly of the hands and face... United States	40404	(any) Topical anti-inflammatory agents for seborrhoeic dermatitis of the face or scalp Infections. Strep throat, colds, and other infectious diseases trigger the body's immune system to respond, making a psoriasis outbreak more likely. Cancer: terminal (in ‘Living with Dying’) Anthralin Hand washing Vaccination Geology Business Kaia Gerber channels '90s inspired look with a vintage Prada bucket hat and oversized blazer as she steps out in Paris after Saint Laurent show This website is owned and operated by The Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Alliance © 1993 - 2018. All rights reserved. Jump up ^ Krueger G, Ellis CN (2005). "Psoriasis—recent advances in understanding its pathogenesis and treatment". J Am Acad Dermatol. 53 (1 Suppl 1): S94–100. doi:10.1016/j.jaad.2005.04.035. PMID 15968269. Suits you Letizia! Queen of Spain looks business chic in a coord as she views a new painting to be hung at the Prado Museum in Madrid Tazarotene, a derivative of vitamin A Personal battle: Guy Kennaway aimed for the sun Pain (especially in erythrodermic psoriasis and in some cases of traumatized plaques or in the joints affected by psoriatic arthritis) Psoriasis is classified by severity based on how much of the body it affects: Journal of Powder Metallurgy & Mining Open Access Journal, Official Journal of Hellenic Metallurgical Society Sunlight can interact with tar on the skin to cause a sunburn-like photocontact dermatitis. Amherd-Hoekstra A Topical treatments are used by 87% of people with severe psoriasis. In cases of mild psoriasis (affecting < 5% of body surface area) they are highly effective. Topical therapies also play an important role in the management of moderate-severe disease because when people use creams and gels, they do not need to use as much medicine or other forms of systemic treatment which have greater side effects and/or are less convenient to use. When used alone, creams and gels are generally not enough to control severe psoriasis.owever the majority of people with severe disease report never having used more intensive photo and systemic therapies. This indicates that those with severe disease there is a greater role for topical treatments to be used in combination with more intensive therapies. Individuals who fail to control their skin rash, should consider and discuss with their doctor, using systemic therapies. Cancer: Cervical (Cervix) Dandruff: How to treat Warm baths Potent steroids are often more effective than mild topical steroids, but they have a higher risk of side-effects. They should be used with caution on large areas and for limited periods. They may cause: ^ Jump up to: a b Kaimal S, Thappa DM (2010). "Diet in dermatology: revisited". Indian J Dermatol Venereol Leprol. 76 (2): 103–15. doi:10.4103/0378-6323.60540. PMID 20228538. Archived from the original on 2016-12-06. Alzheimer's Participants Patients with moderate or severe psoriasis (N = 163). Obesity Being overweight or obese increases your risk, and psoriasis often develops in the creases and folds of skin. We diagnose and treat common and complex problems of the skin affecting patients of all ages. Jan. 17, 2018 — An international team of researchers has unraveled a crucial aspect of the molecular basis of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases such as psoriasis, ... read more About nails: More important than you think Comments 0 Arch Dermatol. 2012; 148: 95-102 This causes pustules to appear on the palms of your hands and the soles of your feet. The pustules gradually develop into circular, brown, scaly spots that then peel off. Pustules may reappear every few days or weeks. Allergic Skin Disorders $ 130 (Consultation Cost) Severe psoriasis is treated differently to mild psoriasis. Learn more about the available options with this article here. Other Conditions Journal of Nanomedicine & Biotherapeutic Discovery Open Access Journal U.S. Chemical Sciences Journal Open Access Journal Technology and Finance Simopoulos, A. M. (2013, June 27). Omega-3 fatty acids in inflammation and autoimmune diseases [Abstract]. Journal of the American College of Nutrition, 21(6). Retrieved from http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/07315724.2002.10719248 psoriasis cream mg217 psoriasis cream otc psoriasis cream over the counter
UN Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States
Secretariat of the Pacific Community. (2017, May). The Pacific community’s statistics for development division.
The United Nations Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and the Small Island Developing States (UN-OHRLLS) was established by the United Nations General Assembly in 2001
The key functions of the Office of the High Representative in accordance with the Secretary-General’s report A/56/645 are as follows
The attached resolution approves the City's issuance of City of Ann Arbor 2018 Capital Improvement Bonds, Series A (Limited Tax General Obligation) in the maximum amount of $4,350,000 (the "Bonds"), for the purpose of obtaining title or reimbursing the City for the cost to obtain title to the parcel of real property within the City located at 350 South Fifth Avenue (the "Project"), pursuant to the City's rights under the Warranty Deed, dated April 2, 2014, between Fifth Fourth, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company as the Grantee and the City as Grantor, and to fund up to $150,000 of costs to issue the bonds.
The bonds would be sold as a direct placement with a financial institution determined by a competitive bidding process based on the lowest interest cost proposal. The principal terms of the bonds are set forth in the resolution and will be determined in consultation with the City's financial advisor after evaluating the debt market conditions closer to the date of sale. The interest rate is anticipated to be variable, the payments interest only for the first four years, and the term not greater than fifteen years. Debt payments will need to be made from existing City resources or with assistance from the DDA. The City will have the option to prepay the bonds prior to maturity. Prepayment of the debt in full is anticipated to come from 1. Proceeds from the sale of the development rights above the Library Lane parking structure 2. Sale of the titled property at 350 S. Fifth Avenue or 3. Other City or DDA resources.
The Resolution authorizes the Mayor, City Clerk, City Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer to execute and deliver all required documentation in connection with the issuance, sale and delivery of the Bonds.
The City's bond counsel, Dykema Gossett, prepared the resolution, with further review by the City ...
Note: Jane Lumm served between November1993 and November 1998. She was elected again in November 2011. 11/13/2011 11/8/2020
«But I now have to admit that I was wrong in this view (or hope, perhaps). The manner in which Germany and Angela Merkel, in particular, reacted to the crisis in Greece and other indebted countries buried any chance of a democratic Europe. She might have presented the crisis as one of interdependence (“we all contributed to it, and we are all in it together”), using it as an opportunity to make a leap towards greater political union. Instead, she treated it as a morality play, pitting responsible northerners against lazy, profligate southerners, and to be dealt with by European technocrats accountable to no one serving up disastrous economic remedies.»
North Coast Street Machines car club will celebrate their 29th annual Show-n-Shine at Ballina Rugby League Grounds in 2019. The gates will open for entrants at 7am and to be set up by 9am. There will be a variety of Street Machines, Vintage and Veteran cars, Hot Rods and special interest vehicles. Some of the planned activities on the day will be: Lucky entrants draw during the afternoon, Trade displays to entice you with their merchandise, Fully catered for (food and refreshments), Activities all day to keep the kids occupied and Wheel changing competition.
If you would like to be kept aware about promotions & specials, subscribe to our newsletter. We won’t spam you.
Are these Teen Sex Reality logins not working?! Get your own Teen Sex Reality Discount Account using the link below. Joining through us you’ll get loads of bonus sites, and the lowest discount price. Get unlimted access now, this deal is only for a limited time!
raymond mills manufacturers in india – Agence Tesla. Clippers guard Raymond Felton drives to the basket in front of Thunder center Steven A. Patty Mills of the San Antonio Spurs handles the ball against the
American Carpet Care has been serving all areas of Bay County including Panama City, Panama City Beach, Southport and Lynn Haven since 1998. We're your full service carpet, upholstery, tile & grout and flood water damage cleaner. Whatever your need, whether it’s an early morning water emergency or an accidental spill from the grand kids, big or small, we handle it all. Our goal is to give you quality service at an affordable price.
No matter the style, type, condition or location of your carpet, you can trust American to leave your carpets clean and fresh again, GUARANTEED!
American Carpet Care matches our carpet cleaning processes to the individual needs of each and every Panama City Florida home. After a thorough inspection, we clean and restore your belongings using safe, non toxic products assuring no soapy, dirt attracting residues are left behind.
American Carpet Care specializes in difficult upholstery fabrics others refuse to clean! We expertly clean Haitian cotton, silk, jacquard, vinyl, velvet, wool, linen, leather, and more.
We offer both wet and dry cleaning services so you can have your furniture ready to use in as few as one to two hours. Deodorizing and fabric protection also available.
Tile and grout cleaning starts with a detailed visual inspection, identifying problem areas, special concerns, and any damaged tile or grout. Stubborn soils are loosened with a professionally formulated products that, while tough on dirt are safe for beautiful tile floors. After a thorough pre-scrubbing, 800 pounds of pressure in a sealed unit blasts away and recovers loosened dirt and grime. Once it’s nice and clean we can also recolor old or stained grout and apply a protective sealant.
When disaster strikes, relax and call the professionals at American Carpet Care. Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, we offer direct to insurance billing, full structure drying, a carpet and pad saving system for clear water leaks and we have equipment available for rental.
Water problems are no problem when you call American Carpet Care. As an IICRC Certified Restoration Firm – we’re trained and equipped for any water emergency.
If you have a video, improved version or additional angle that is not listed or shown here, please send me a PM on acdc-bootlegs.com.
“Living is an eternal transformation that is reflected in our needs, in the changes that life demands”
Make the trek on those cool days in the Blitz Hiker from Polo Ralph Lauren Kids!Sturdy leather and manmade upper.Lace-up closure with D-ring for snug fit.Pull-loop at heel for easy entry.Bold debossed logo at tongue.Signature embroidered Pony at lateral side.Round toe silhouette.Padded collar and tongue for optimal comfort.Soft and warm textile lining.Treaded outsole helps keep them from slipping.Imported. Measurements:Weight: 10 ozProduct measurements were taken using size 4 Big Kid, width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size. 080874879216
Did you know that dogs work too? My name is Maximus, but you can call me Max. Im a six-year old yellow English Labrador Retriever and I just went on an adventure. I learned about working dogs, especially Leader Dogs for the Blind. As you read my story, Ill share my adventure with you from my point of view. If humans can work, then dogs can work too! 9781459615915
Bro. Thomas Creager | Series: God's Word for Today's World | Length: 43:18	| Scripture: Numbers 23:19	Sunday, 05 March 2017
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: God's Word for Today's World | Length: 33:54	| Scripture: Luke 12:15	Sunday, 19 February 2017
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:05:31	| Scripture: Hebrews 6:1	Sunday, 12 February 2017
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:42:43	| Scripture: Matthew 12:1-8	Sunday, 05 February 2017
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:27:20	| Scripture: James 1:19-21	Sunday, 29 January 2017
Rev. Jody Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:43:20	| Scripture: Psalm 102:18; Psalm 150:6	Sunday, 22 January 2017
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:24:23	| Scripture: Matthew 10:28-31	Sunday, 15 January 2017
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:20:29	| Scripture: Matthew 14:25-31	Sunday, 08 January 2017
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:15:01	| Scripture: Genesis 35:16-21	Sunday, 18 December 2016
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:19:20	| Scripture: Acts 17:22-27	Sunday, 04 December 2016
Bro. Wells SR | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:21:41	| Scripture: Mark 4:35-39; Mark 6:45-51	Sunday, 20 November 2016
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:36:48	| Scripture: Acts 11:1-4; Acts 11:15-18	Sunday, 13 November 2016
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:29:02	| Scripture: Luke 9:18-23	Sunday, 06 November 2016
Pastor Nathan Wells | Series: General Topics | Length: 01:39:38	| Scripture: Luke 24:46-49	Sunday, 30 October 2016
I had a lovely (sarcasm) black ill fitting ankle length dress left over from a failed Halloween costume plan, that was waiting to be put to good use! I finally got around to it, and figured out good I could make out of it. I cut it straight down the middle on both sides, then sewed a strip of lace on the back and front. yay!!
My only disappointment is the different shades of black. which may or may not be noticeable anyway. Also, if your shirt fits fine, you could always sew the lace trim right on top of the fabric, the cutout is an option.
bed sheet straps sheet straps bed sheet straps keep your bed sheets from shifting with a set of bed sheet straps walmart.
The term Virtual Host refers to the practice of running more than one web site (such as company1.example.com and company2.example.com) on a single machine. Virtual hosts can be "IP-based", meaning that you have a different IP address for every web site, or "name-based", meaning that you have multiple names running on each IP address. The fact that they are running on the same physical server is not apparent to the end user.
Apache was one of the first servers to support IP-based virtual hosts right out of the box. Versions 1.1 and later of Apache support both IP-based and name-based virtual hosts (vhosts). The latter variant of virtual hosts is sometimes also called host-based or non-IP virtual hosts.
Below is a list of documentation pages which explain all details of virtual host support in Apache HTTP Server:
If you are trying to debug your virtual host configuration, you may find the -S command line switch useful.
A sprinkle of bacon is just the beginning: These spuds glean their flavor from a beer bath that works equally well as a chicken marinade.
1. Place the sliced potatoes in a 6-quart pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, then cook, uncovered, about 4 minutes until tender but still firm. Strain and cool.
3. Place the cooled potatoes in a large plastic storage bag and add the marinade. Seal and refrigerate at least 2 hours, flipping the bag after the first hour.
5. Remove the potatoes from the bag, and transfer the marinade to a saucepan. Wipe any bits of garlic and shallots from the potatoes, and season them with salt and pepper. Carefully oil the grill.
6. Grill the potatoes with the lid closed until browned on both sides and cooked through, about 11 to 15 minutes total. Meanwhile, bring the marinade to a boil.
Sticky hop aromas represent the full allium family: Garlic and chive mingle with catbox, sweet white onion and light orange peel layered over a base of Hawaiian roll-like malts. The sip flips the script: Sweet orange skin and bready malts lead before acquiescing to a resiny and onion-skin flavor. Elevated alcohol and bold bitterness make this a forceful mouthful.
"We need to approach this as a technical problem and identify effective solutions that can be realistically implemented in the field. And to do that, we've got to be working off the same page."
As Rowley noted in his briefing at the CPSC round table, suction entrapment refers to four separate types of accidents: hair entrapment, limb entrapment, body entrapment and disembowelment. All such accidents occur when a bather becomes entrapped on a drain by excessive suction power.
In the vast majority of cases, the culprit drain is plumbed to a pump in such a way that it serves as the single suction point for that pump. And in most cases, except those of hair entrapment, the drain is also unprotected by a grate or anti-vortex cover. The combination of these two conditions creates a dangerous situation.
Hair entrapment accidents occur when a bather dips below the water's surface and his or her hair is sucked into the drain grate or anti-vortex plate.
These accidents are by far the most common form, and the CPSC has investigated 49 such cases since 1978, including 13 deaths. All incidents occurred in spas, both commercial and residential, with many happening in older spas that do not meet current standards. Most of the victims were young girls with long hair.
Body entrapment typically occurs when part of a bather's torso or buttocks completely covers an unprotected drain in either a pool or spa. (See Figure 1.)
Limb entrapment is considered very similar to body entrapment. The term refers to accidents in which a bather's arm or leg is sucked into an unprotected suction pipe in the main drain of a wading pool, spa or swimming pool. Limb-entrapment accidents usually occur in vessels with plumbing greater than 2 inches in diameter. (See Figure 2.) Since 1980, the CPSC has investigated nine incidents involving either body or limb entrapment, including six deaths. All but one of the incidents involved a dislodged drain cover.
Disembowelment accidents occur in wading pools where small children, typically 3 to 6 years old, sit on an unprotected drain. Injury occurs when their lower intestines are sucked out of their body through their anus. Unlike the other types of accidents in which the primary risk is drowning, most victims of these incidents don't die. Rather, they are permanently injured. (See Figure 3.)
The CPSC has investigated 10 such incidents since 1980, nine of which occurred in commercial wading pools.
Each suction-entrapment accident is investigated in terms of its physical description, which includes anecdotal information about the circumstances surrounding the event — such as how it was that the victim came into contact with the drain.
Accidents are also examined technically, with investigators looking into issues such as pipe and pump size, and reconstructing the event from an engineering perspective.
Once all the data is examined and a cause identified, recommendations for the prevention of similar accidents are often established and disseminated to the public.
According to Rowley, CPSC investigations coupled with data gathered during the Swimquip study form the basis of some safety recommendations that apply to wading pools, spas and swimming pools nearly across the board.
These measures can be divided into three categories design solutions, protective measures and warnings.
Of these, Rowley notes, the design solution is by far the most reliable way to prevent suction-entrapment accidents.
"These are technical things that we can do to eliminate risk altogether,' he explains. "Obviously, that's what you want to try to achieve before you do anything else."
Noting that the vast majority of all suction-entrapment cases involve a single-suction plumbing arrangement, says Rowley, the primary design solution is to require dual suction outlets for each and every pump installed on a wading pool, spa or swimming pool.
The idea of requiring dual suction points for commercial pools and spas is nothing new. Again, ANSI/NSPI standards already include such language, as do many building codes in counties and cities across the country.
Still, Rowley and others tackling the problem want to improve on the dual-drain standard, and the new language drafted for inclusion in the ANSI/NSPI standard tightens the definition of a safe plumbing installation.
One of the most significant additions to the existing standard is a requirement that, in the event that one drain is completely blocked, the other should have a maximum flow rate of 6 feet per second — a rate that would not generate deadly suction.
Another key improvement is a mandatory minimum distance of 3 feet between drains, a measure designed to avoid the possibility that one bather could possibly block two drains at the same time.
"This is the best way to prevent these accidents," says Rowley. "And as far as new construction goes, it's a very simple issue: No one should ever plumb a wading pool, a spa or a swimming pool with a single suction point. When you're installing a pool, for example, it's very easy and inexpensive to install a second main drain."
When looking at retrofits, says Rowley, implementation can be a bit more complicated. To enforce a dual suction-point mandate would require relatively expensive construction work on large numbers of existing wading pools, spas and swimming pools.
For the record. it is P SN's position that the recommendations discussed in this article and published by the CPSC. NSF) and other organizations charged protecting me public health and safety should be implemented on a national basis.
Included in such recommendations s a requirement for the immediate retrofitting of all public and semi-public wading pools and spas that are currently installed with single suctions drains..
We also support requirements for spa-side cut-off switches and for mandatory inspections of drain covers and grates.
We believe that it is incumbent upon owners and operators of commercial facilities to ensure the safety of those using their pools and spas. Among some of the retrofits required to create a safe bathing environment may be costly. such expense is minor compared with the human suffering caused by suction-entrapment accidents.
Products must be implemented as per system/job specific application . It is the obligation of the installer to understand the intended use and application prior to installation of any product or device.
We do however recommend the use of products certified via (NRTL) Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratories as per ASME/ANSI A112.19.17 & ASME/ANSI A112.19.8 2007 Standards.
All products must be installed as per manufacturers instructions and be job site specific to meet the criteria of each individual application.
This is an open invitation to join us on Sunday 11 September from 12 noon at the Fremantle Town Hall adjacent park, cnr Adelaide and William Streets
The United National Resistance of Guatemala (URNG)/Maiz faces a huge challenge in the upcoming general elections in Guatemala. Forming a broad front (Frente Amplio) of Left forces, Guatemala follows the path of other successful movements in Latin America for a Peoples Unity Government.
Australia-Cuba Friendship Society (Perth) is proudly powered by Blogger. TypoXP 2.1 Blogger Template by BlackQuanta and BloggerMagz
"If I want to think of sharply written stories that capture a humorous reality of the day-to-day I think of Ben Tanzer. Or if I just want to think about one of my favorite underappreciated writers, I think of Ben Tanzer."
"Something that's always consistently impressed me about Ben's writing -- his willingness to dig under the polite layers of young middle-class life, to find the ugly and dark bits and hold them up for all of us to look at."
"His writing is lovely. The words run across the page, smooth and effortless. They flow together so naturally. His transitions almost hypnotize you."
"Tanzer, in a manner most mysterious to me, somehow harnesses the power of straight, conventional writing without the usual level of pandering or expositional obtuseness. The words say exactly what they mean, no more and no less, and thus his books drive us forward - we become propelled,"
I do not consider myself to be a stalker. Nor do I think of myself as much of a sycophant. I am a bit of a starfucker though and at one time anyway a lover of anything and everyone associated with Ira Glass and the radio show This American Life.
It once seemed to me that my writing was perfect for the show, but you don’t have to take my word for it, many people told me so. No, you wouldn’t know them, but you can trust me. It also seemed to me that under the right circumstances Ira Glass and I could be great friends, and I knew this in the same way that so many of my single female friends know that they are perfect for John Cusack. How do they know this? They just do.
But how does one get a piece on the show? Or even meet Ira Glass who I understand rests in a cryogenically sealed chamber between shows? I imagine one could lurk outside the studio or Ira’s home, though again please note that I am not a stalker, and that the charges to that affect filed by NPR’s legal office here in Chicago did not stick. One could also submit their work, which I have done, but how well does one’s actual work reflect their wit, timing, and ability to move the public to tears, joy, and maybe even arousal in the space of one sentence? Not well, not my work anyway.
Please allow 2-4 weeks shipping on all orders. If we exceed 2-4 weeks. Please wait longer. It's coming. We promise.
Is preventing a challenge within your relationship or relationship? Combating is a really major problem for many partners. The good news is that i'm about that can assist you resolve it forever.
Initial You should comprehension that you should not combat whatsoever, with everyone. I don’t suggest you shouldn't disagree with Other individuals or your significant other. Nor in the event you not feel captivated with your disagreements. But fighting describes a list of behaviors that are extremely damaging to some romance and should be prevented in the slightest degree fees.
In this article’s what we do once we struggle. We get angry and defensive. We get passionate and possess difficulty managing our emotions, terms and steps. Folks normally exaggerate the information when battling or they say points they don’t mean. None of the is successful in any interactions and especially in the passionate connection. In actual fact, it really is detrimental. And it accomplishes absolutely nothing.
Alternatively, when you have disagreement along with your sizeable other, follow the 9 commandments of battling fare:
1. Equally people have the correct to acquire requirements and desires and make requests of one another
2. Whether or not a person individual’s demands, wishes or request can make one other individual awkward or not happy, it’s nonetheless Okay to obtain these requirements, needs and requests
three. Both individuals have the appropriate to be understood, to condition their circumstance, to be listened to
five. Although the conversation helps make one of several people today uncomfortable or anxious, it even now requires to occur if the other particular person desires it to occur
seven. The conversation must stop in the compromise, where by each person gets as much as you can of what they wishes – both individuals want to work toward a gain gain
8. If If a companion brings up a problem it truly is by now vital, otherwise it would not be brought up. Dismissing, stonewalling, ignoring, minimizing and producing guarantees that aren't retained are disruptive to the connection.
nine. Thoughts which include anger, anxiety, impatience need to be stored in Examine, even though it means the few should have a crack to tranquil down and/or take a look at The difficulty in short segments
If you approach “fighting” in this way, you'll not have fights. As an upis u srednje skole 2018/19 alternative you'll have a partnership with two people that arrive to each other with wants, needs and ideas and therefore are lovingly, overtly acquired, supported, assisted and honored by each other. That’s the type of combating that brings individuals closer instead of tearing them apart.
Each of you have to be at your best when you discuss issues so that you never struggle. It can be crucial that rigorous discussions be timed when both equally individuals have the absolute best chance to behave like a loving, supportive grownup.
Because of this when problems come up, do not hold them in and Assemble them to The purpose in which you are likely to burst Except if you've got it out at this time, but do choose the timing of difficult discussions thoroughly.
Guys have a tendency to see Ladies’s thoughts as manipulative and will often be scared of Girls’s anger. And In case you are guy out there who finds it tricky to manage your spouse’s or girlfriend’s anger, I'd inquire you to think about another thing. She’s not your mom.
Whenever your mother was offended at you or was manipulating you along with her feelings, that was a life and Dying type of circumstance. What boy desires to unfastened his mom’s enjoy? Your mother’s anger or disappointment could probably cut down you to definitely tears once you were a little bit boy, mainly because she was particular person #1 in your daily life.
On the flip side your wife or girlfriend may be the like of your lifetime, but she did not give you lifetime. She is your equal, not higher than you. She does not have the power your mom had more than you. So Enable her be indignant and learn to breathe and become together with her anger and disappointment – it can not damage you. If you can permit and honor her thoughts and give her the proper to obtain them she's going to see you as her hero.
When your associate is speaking, hear. If you start getting upset say to on your own “he is indicating this and I am still Alright” or “she doesn’t like one thing I'm undertaking and I am however ok.” It’s a means of bringing oneself down from upset so that you can pay attention and be from the conversation and make your marriage operate.
Wrought Ironworks from the Collections of the Museum of Decorative Arts in Prague) permanent display
UVRF swim test certification is good for 5 years. Wear rowing clothing (gym or lycra shorts and a t-shirt) and bring your own life jacket. The test only takes about 15 minutes.
UVRF will host four swim tests for members on the first Tuesday of April, May, June and July at the Dartmouth Pool. This is subject to change if there is a conflict with using the pool, please email uppervalleyrc@gmail.com to confirm. At the scheduled group swim tests UVRF will bring life jackets. You do not need to make an appointment, just show up to take the test.
Please try to attend one of our scheduled swim tests. If you are unable to attend a scheduled swim test you may go to the Dartmouth pool during open rec swim hours, if you chose this option you must pay for a day pass to use the pool and arrange with the UVRF Safety Officer to bring someone with you to supervise the swim test and to borrow a lifevest. The Dartmouth lifeguard is NOT to be asked to supervise the swim test.
If you are taking an individual swim test at another pool, we strongly advise you to contact the pool staff in advance to ensure that they will have staff on hand to administer the test. For UVAC, please contact Forrest Pollard. For CCBA, please contact Marie Dumont. For Storrs Pond, please contact swim@storrspond.org.
Print out a copy of the UVRF Swim Test Certification form from the Documents tab on our website and bring it with you for the lifeguard to sign. Wear rowing clothing and bring a life jacket (you will have to put it on while treading water). Send your signed form to UVRF, PO Box 419, Hanover, NH 03755 with "Swim Test" on the lower left of the envelope. Or, even better, email your form to us at uppervalleyrc@gmail.com.
Note: Please be courteous to the lifeguards. You may need to call ahead and explain what the UVRF swim test is! And, you must bring the UVRF checklist and a life jacket.
[ May 5, 2018 ] Pajulies Under Attack: Hydroelectric Company Bypasses Resistance by Military Force	Honduras
[ March 15, 2018 ] Honduran Activist Framed for Vandalism Faces Ongoing Misinformation Campaign	Honduras
The South American Nation of Bolivia has filled the headlines of the global press with their fight against water privatization, struggle for nationalization of Gas, non-compliance with Free Trade policies and the election of South America’s first indigenous president Evo Morales. These struggles are rooted in the long history of Indigenous resistance to colonialism and imperialism in Bolivia. In an interview conducted during her recent stay in Pittsburgh. subaltern theorist, Aymara Sociologist and Historian Silvia Rivera Cusicanqui, discussed Bolivian Anarchism, the health benefits of the Coca plant and the Cocaleros (Coca Growers) fight for sovereignty.
Andalusia: Could you talk about some of the things that you have uncovered in your research about Anarchism in Bolivia as related ot the struggles of the Aymara and Quecha people.?
Silvia: We started as an Aymara collective that basically wanted to uncover the Aymara and Quechua struggles and we discovered that there were many links with Urban Aymara communities that had organizations linked both to the indigenous communities and they were linked to the union movement which in the 20’s was basically anarchist.
What happened in Bolivia is that there had been two official histories: the official history written by the Nationalist Party—MNR—that basically denies all the agency of both workers and peasants and indigenous peoples; and the official history of the Left that forgets about anything that was not Marxist,, thus eclipsing or distorting the autonomous history of anarchist unions,
So, also it’s the links between the anarchists and the indigenous people that gave them another nuance because communities are self sustained entities and they basically are places where anti-authoritarian type of organization can take roots. They don’t need this leadership that is like permanent leadership. The communities have leaders but as a rotational thing that is a service to the community. It’s kind of a burden to be a leader for a community, you know? It’s something you do once in a lifetime and you do because you ought to do, and that the community says its your turn or the turn of your family. So, that creates a totally different relationship with power structures and, in a way, it decolonizes power and, to a certain extent, gives it back to the people.
That is what fascinated us most about the communities and, on the other hand, it led us to discover that communities were not only rural but also urban and worked with Luis Cusicanqui and other anarchist leaders because they had such an affinity between the way they saw struggle, autonomy, domination, and oppression.
Andalusia: Anarchism in general, I think, is perceived as a European tradition that then has been brought to the United States and places like Argentina and people don’t generally associate anarchism with places like Bolivia or places in Africa, etcetera. Could you talk about how anarchism was in line with many of the beliefs of the Aymara and Quechua people and the way their communities were governed.
Silvia: A general point of departure of Bolivian history with the rest of Latin America is that many (especially anarchist) have had to go through the filter of their own traditions of struggle that are basically anti-colonial. So, what happened is that there was like a mutual breeding, a mutual fertilization of thought and an ability to interpret universal doctrine that is basically European doctrine in Bolivian, Chola and Aymara terms.
That’s why Bolivian anarchism is so important, because it has roots in the grassroots urban unions because most urban workers were also Indian in Bolivia and still are. 62 percent of the population in Bolivia t have been self-identified as Indigenous, as Aymara, Quechua, Guarani and as many other Indigenous peoples.
So we have a majority, even in urban settings and therefore, have a particular brand of anarchism. I would say it is Anarcho-Indianism. And also it is Anarcho-Indianism-Feminism because the Chola figure, the women, the female fighter, the female organizer is part of Bolivian daily life. If you have been there you know what the market looks like, how strong these women are, how in solidarity they are when there is a march coming from the Cocaleros, where there is this sacrifice marches that last ten, twenty days without much to eat. These women prepare like these huge pots of soup they give away to the poorest people. They have such a tradition of union associations that self-organize. And they self-organize basically in the administration of space,. The market is a space and it’s very symbolic that they take over this space and just grab it from the municipality or from the central state.
So, you have a very specific Chola brand of anarchism that explains why it was so attractive for so, so many people. And it explains why one of the most salient things in Bolivian and anarchist history is that their leaders made their speeches in Aymara. And just thinking that another non-western language, non-European language is filtering the thoughts of anarchists and helping to phrase, to express the rage, the proposals, the ideas; it gives such richness, you know? In Aymara you can say, “us” in four different ways.
Andalusia: Then how do these struggles of Indigenous people in the 20’s and 30’s relate to struggles against neo-liberalism today?
Silvia: Liberalism made their big reforms in the late 19th century which were anti-Indian reforms. They killed the market for Indigenous crafts and goods. They took Indian lands. They jailed all the leaders of the communities. They wanted them to become servants of the haciendas and have a quiet and domesticated, low-paid labor force in the mines and in the factories.
You have a second liberalism here now that has basically the same thing except for the issue of haciendas. Haciendas are out of date in Bolivia because of agrarian reform. Yet there is still a need for agrarian reform because the big land ownership has moved, it has been displaced to the lowlands and still, it’s doing the same thing. It’s usurping indigenous lands.
So you have basically the same set of problems and aggressions and you obviously have cultural differences, a cultural gap because then, at those times, you didn’t have much of a literate working class, or literate leadership in the communities. The communities had many problems just trying to understand the language of the documents that decreed their extinction, or decreed their laws against them. So they created a movement in favor of schools. That was another link with the workers because the workers, especially the anarchists, had their own self-organized schools. The indigenous communities—came in search for support for their schools and found a very fertile terrain in the anarchist unions.
Andalusia: Could you talk more about the struggles of the Cocaleros. Here in the United States there’s very little dialogue about their struggle and people don’t even realize that there is a difference between coca and cocaine.
Silvia: Well, let me tell you, I have been researching and every time I come to the U.S. I go to the libraries with one question: “Why is coca so underground, so unknown, so mistreated, so stigmatized? Why do people believe all these lies. Why can you get any drug but not coca. It’s because if coca was a drug you could get it.
And I’m finding a big conspiracy against coca in the late 19th century by the pharmaceutical industry. And it is a conspiracy against people’s health in general. But the conspiracy against coca was particularly mean and ill because it was a conspiracy against a people. The Indians who had been in touch with coca for millennia and have been able to use it in a variety of ways; as a mild stimulant for work, as a ritual item, as a recreational commodity that you chew in parties, in wakes, in weddings, or even as a symbol of identity and of struggle.
So, coca leaves are almost pervasively present in the Bolivian context but there is like this press blindness, blindness of the media. Blindness of the media that in many senses is dictated by the U.S. embassy, you know? It’s the U.S. embassy that dictates the policy on coca and blackmails the government so that if we don’t do as they say, the funds for development or, I don’t know, the funds they give to the Bolivian government will be cut. I always said to the leaders, “Let them cut! We won’t die! And we can’t live forever on somebody else’s alimony.”
But I think it’s hard because really there is a problem of poverty; but poverty in Bolivia is constructed, it’s a result of bad policies! And it’s a result of being robbed of our resources. And so I think the coca issue is very, very enlightening in terms of what the power of interests of corporations can do to truth, yeah. Just veil the truth to such an extent that you cannot separate; common sense has been overcome by this absurd idea that coca is cocaine. I have chewed coca since I was 16 years old. When I came to the states, of course you miss everything you don’t have, but I’m not in an abstinence syndrome. I have an abstinence syndrome of coffee! When I quit coffee I had symptoms of being addicted to coffee but the coca leaves are not addictive. I just chew them and enjoy them everyday and if I don’t have them I don’t chew them and that’s it. And I’m very healthy and I think so many people would be rid of osteoporosis and calcium deficits and gastric disorders and obesity and cardio-vascular problems and diabetes.
And that’s why it is an enemy of the pharmaceuticals; because we wouldn’t need all their shit! All their pills, all their venoms that make us believe that they are good and then they have side effects and then you go back, then they give you another thing, then you keep on going back and then you end up with having a full pharmacy in your drawer and then you feel miserable and you have lost control of your life. That’s what they want and that’s what we’re against and coca is our big, big shield against companies taking over our bodies.
Andalusia: Then earlier you had mentioned one of the marches of the Cocaleros. Could you talk about some of the actions that people have taken to defend their rights to grow coca and their sovereignty?
Silvia: Yes. Well, I like to talk about things I really know first and there have been many, many marches. One of the most impressive ones was in 1994 and it is really very incredible to be a part of one of these events. And in 1998 when things were getting really bad because of forced eradication and assassinations of Cocaleros and army raids where they into the coca fields and destroyed everything was a daily occurrence. And there was this big march that I joined, more or less, half-way; more than half-way. And I was able to get into the rank and file Cocaleros within the march and see how there is this Ghandian ethics of self-sacrifice accompanied with coca. It’s also a Ghandian ethics of not eating too much because you actually lose strength if you treat yourself too much. Eating is ok but if you engage in this, it’s the spirit that carries your body. It is the force of the spirit and the force of the belief that goes and carries your body. And so your body has to be light and that’s why you learn a lot about ethics when you do this type of struggle. And, on the other hand, you do some learning of solidarity, community, and self-help, and also sovereignty over the body. You are doing a self-inflicted sacrifice. But you’re doing a sacrifice for a cause that is for the good of many people and it really feeds your spirit. It is something very important to have something beyond your own belly and to go for something beyond your own belly; and also to go for a cause that is for the whole of the Bolivian people because sovereignty is the missed task. No revolution of whatever kind—liberal revolution, nationalist revolution, Leftist—has really been freed from Imperialism, freed from colonial domination.
So, that task requires all the strength and these marches, vigils and hunger strikes have been, always, a typical characteristic of the Bolivian people. A peaceful type of non-violent actions—but so massive! so massive!—where people are ready to die. And that generosity, to be able to spare your own life, is very, very heart lifting, you know? And so, it gives people a strength to overcome many obstacles, to overthrow governments, and to even take governments. And so, I think that’s a result of our strength; our collective strength.
This interview originally appeared on Rustbelt Radio, the Pittsburgh Indymedia’s weekly review of news from the grassroots. To hear the complete interview you can go to http://pittsburgh.indymedia.org/news/2007/03/26831.php and to listen to Rustbelt Radio you can go to http://radio.indypgh.org
Sort by Featured Items Alphabetical: A to Z Alphabetical: Z to A List Price: Low to High List Price: High to Low Product Code: A to Z Product Code: Z to A
Draw Art Supplies imports top brand names from Europe to Asia, from student quality to artist quality. Draw Art Supplies supply brushes, papers & pads, pastel, paints, easels and crafts. In fact there is very little that we don't stock that an artist would require.
By Masato Kajimoto and Anne Kruger The University of Hong Kong Political structures vary widely between China and Hong Kong. While Hong Kong is officially part of China, it exists in a “one country, two systems” principle, with China being ruled as a ...
College/University, Community Workshops, Continuing Education, Elementary School, High School, Middle School
1. Please understand the product might have some colour difference due to different monitors and scenes.
Ne Me Quitte Pas "If You Go Away" - If you go away on this summer's day, Then you might as well take the sun away All the birds that flew in the summer sky When our love was new and our hearts...
Paper artwork - Could you imagine? - Absolutely amazing art created with just a sheet of paper. The talented artist (although not known to me) deserves a kudos for these masterpieces. Focu...
If your unfamiliar with SOPA, your can find out more about it here… but essentially it is a bill currently being discussed that is supposed to protect itelectual properties from being pirated illigally on the internet… such as movies and music. However this bill would cause more damage than good… First of all i doubt it would seriously stop online piracy… however it would swing the pendulum over way to the other side and make it way to easy for various parties to limit information that passes through the internet…
Essentially this would fatally damage the way the internet is free and open to all information, and these types of bills could make it way too easy for someone to control what information is passed through the internet… making search engines, money transaction sites, information sites like Wikipedia, and other major information avenues of the internet stop showing results from sites they deam to be “illegal”. These types of bills would be the start of a major censorship of what Americans see on the internet, defeating the main reason behind the internet, which is sharing of information… any information… the point is we currently decide what to believe and what to discard… we should not let someone else decide what we see and what we should not…lets keep that right… contact your representatives… call them if you can… it’s more powerful than an email… but of you can only do one at least email them… you can find out who your reps are through this link on Wikipedia… which blacked out its entire site today (2012.01.18) in protest of this bill. I did both… if your looking for what words to say in your email to your rep… this is what I wrote to help in your inspiration, or if you just want to copy and paste… go for it… the point is to let our congress people know what we want.
I am writing you today to let you know my family and I are against the SOPA act, PIPA, and similar legislation. Although I understand online piracy is an issue, I strongly believe these types of legislation would not stop piracy, and would in fact cause serious damage to the free and open Internet. I hope you will (or do) understand the ramifications of a bill that would allow any party to manipulate any DNS information, as well as other issues these bills would cause to limiting the “passing on” of information for future generations. my fear is that this type of bill will give to much power and control of limiting a currently free information highway, and could easily be taken advantage of to prevent freedom of free speech, freedom of information, and other freedoms that every united states citizen currently has a right to. I hope you consider my words here and vote in opposition of SOPA, PIPA, and similar legistlation.
If you are studding for your Architectural Registration Exams in the United States you know what the above title means… if you don’t… well this article probably will not interest you… but here’s a synopsis… I’ve written about my opinionated thoughts and explanation on the long procedure to become a licensed architect in any of the 50 States before. Essentially the are called the ARE’s (for Architectural Registration Exams, and if your studying for them you know about the AREForum.org, and if you don’t… you should… as it is an invaluable tool in studying fort the ARE’s. Essentially a forum of everyone else in the US studying for the exams as well as people trying to help that demographic… its a place to ask questions, and more importantly review and have your practice vignettes reviewed by your fellow peers.
However the forums are difficult to log into the first time on an iPhone or iPad if you don’t know this workaround. The problems arises after navigating to the home page of AREForum.org and clicking on the button “Enter Forums”. Before giving you the login prompt it redirects you to the forum rules… which you should read. However there is no way to continue pass this forum rules page and actually log in on an iOS device. I think this is because of Flash… not the super hero in the picture above, but the programing language, which if you know or not, is not available on iOS devices and probably never will be. You can read the rules fine on an iOS device, but there should be a button at the bottom of the rules saying “Accept” however this button i believe is created with flash for some odd reason and does not show up.
So here is the workaround to get AREForum.org to work on the iPad or iPhone… type the full path of the forums (after you actually read the rules to comply with them) in the address bar and you will get to the actual forums, which runs on vBulliten, which works great with iOS devices… its just that lonely accept button at the bottom of the rules that is flash. Anyway the full path of the forums is below. Once there you can login with your user name and password, or register to create a new one. Good Luck… on both the tests and forums 😉
My brother got the iPhone 4s a few weeks before me… when he utilizes the voice recognition software built into it, called Siri, all he has to do is say… “text my brother what are you up too”… and Siri creates a text message to Tim (me) saying “what are you up too”… it remembers his relation ships so it knows who his brother, wife, mother, etc. are… However when I got my iPhone 4s I would say “text my brother hello”… because my phone is new, Siri would ask something along the lines
The problem I was having though, was that she was not remembering Matt was my brother… even though I told her to remember it countless times. I finally figured out the reason and though I would post it here for others incase they are having the same problems and decide to google it.
My situation was that my email runs off of Microsoft Exchange (which for those that do not know many many corperations use for their email servers… which also links up to my own calendar and own set of contacts stored on my exchange server that links with my iPhone. The problem is that default exchange contacts only has association fields of manager and assistant…. and you can not to my knowledge easily create custom association fields like “wife” or “Brother” in my case. So once I figured that out the solution was easy… I simply went to my contacts on my phone… browsed to exchange contacts… and deleted the contact for my self…. then i created a new contact for my self, but instead of doing it with all my other contacts on my exchange server… the one for myself resides souly on my iphone… not related to my exchange server. Now that I have a new contact of myself on my phone I can use any of the association or related fields pre=programed…or even create new ones…
The easiest way to do this after you create the new contact on your phone, rather than through your exchange server is to just call up Siri and say… So and So is my Mom… or whoever and whatever relationship you want Siri to remember. Cmmment below if anyone has any questions.
The Asian Art Department at the Yale Art Gallery has a new, dynamic curator, Denise Leidy, and soon its exhibit space will double. Asian Art and Antiquities are also appreciating at an unprecedented and uniquely rapid rate. Drop by Yale University Art Gallery, Room 043, at 11:30 am, on Friday, June 2nd and learn about changes in the Asian Art exhibit from Denise Leidy (and go with her a tour of it afterward), and learn about the joy of collecting these beautiful objects from curator Denise Leidy, Gerry Weaver (’77), Lily Chu (’82), and a representative from Sotheby’s.
Gerry Weaver and Lily Chu - April 26th, 2017 at 1:14 pm none Comment author #299178 on Asian Art, On the Rise: Developments at the Yale Art Gallery & in the Market by AAAYA
It promises to be a good event. Yale University Art Gallery’s Curator of the Asian Art Department, Denise Leidy, is a revelation. She will engage and inform you, and with details of how the exhibition space for Asian Art at the YUAG will double in the fall. Cynthia Volk, of Sotheby’s will also present an explanation of rapid growth in this market. And we will tell our own personal story, of pieces we love to have adorn our home, (and which appreciate faster than any investment we have ever made.”
Weili Cheng - May 4th, 2017 at 12:52 pm none Comment author #299211 on Asian Art, On the Rise: Developments at the Yale Art Gallery & in the Market by AAAYA
Enquanto os americanos deliram o encontro entre a Beyoncé e a realeza britânica (aqui), eu deliro com o look da Jenna Lyons.
Welcome to UPRN. This site uses cookies to improve your experience and deliver personalised advertising. You can at any time or find out more by reading our .
Makeup authority Huda Kattan, or as most know her, Huda Beauty, has shared her favourite beauty find of 2018 - and it's somewhat surprising.
The Dubai-based beauty boss took to her blog to reveal that Primark's purse-friendly beauty range is "the best thing she's discovered this year".
The high-street brand has released a makeup collection, which Huda says "has pretty much everything" - from high-coverage foundations to contour sticks and a LOT of eye makeup.
Huda particularly gave Primark's 28 eyeshadow palette a lot of attention, saying: "The glitters are pretty intense and actually have amazing staying power; they didn’t fall on our cheeks AT ALL," but of course is not all sunshine and rainbows, "the glitters look really pretty patted on top of the eyelid, either on top of a cream or powder, but if you’re expecting a densely packed layer of glitter, you won’t get that".
Huda, who has her own range of products, was particularly impressed with the reasonable price point of the new cosmetics.
She explained: "We’ll say that the Primark collection is pretty much what you can expect, not amazing quality and the packaging of some eyeshadow palettes is very basic, but for the price, we love that this gives you the chance to play, especially if you’re not massively into makeup or just want to try out new trends."
Beauty buffs are hailing this purse-friendly skincare brand 'the new Deciem' - and nothing costs more than £10
Catholic SchoolsChristian SchoolsCrystal City School DistrictElementary SchoolsHourly Child CareLafayette Hght SchoolPrivate Schools K 12Public High SchoolsSchool Bus Rental
Crystal City School DistrictElementary SchoolsHigh RidgeHigh SchoolsHigh+SchoolHourly Child CareLafayette Hght SchoolMiddle SchoolsNorthwest High SchoolNorthwest R 1 School DistrictPotosi High SchoolPre K SchoolsPreschoolPreschools & KindergartenPreschools KindergartenPrivate Schools K 12Public High SchoolsPublic SchoolsSchool Bus RentalWaterloo Public Schools
AttorneyAttorneysBankruptcy AttorneysBankruptcy Law AttorneysBankruptcy LawyersCollection AttorneysDivorce AttorneysDivorce LawyersEnglish As A Second LanguageFamily CourtFamily Law AttorneysFree Legal AidLaw FirmsLawyers FamilyLegal Translation
We offer total lawn care and routine maintenance to keep your lawn looking brand new! The single biggest difference between Drury Brothers Lawn Service and other lawn care providers boils down to one simple premise: WE CARE MORE! It’s the kind of caring that can only come from being the business owners. Owners that live, work, and are a part of the community they serve. Call today for your free estimate!
Baptist ChurchBaptist ChurchesBlack Baptist ChurchesCadet Baptist ChurchChurches & Places Of WorshipChurches Baptist Free WillChurches Baptist GeneralChurches Baptist IndependentChurches Baptist MissionaryChurches Baptist SouthernChurches For SaleChurches Places Of WorshipDaycare ChurchFellowship First BaptistFirst Baptist ChurchHeartland Family ChurchIndependent Baptist ChurchesLebanon Baptist ChurchMissionary Baptist ChurchSaint John Lutheran ChurchSaint John The Baptist ChurchSouthern Baptist ChurchesSt John Missionary Baptist ChurchSt Johns Lutheran ChurchSt Paul's Lutheran ChurchThe Bridge
Fountainbleau Nursing CenterNursing Convalescent HomesNursing HomeNursing HomesSenior HousingSenior LivingSkilled Nursing Care Facility
AttorneyAttorneysBankruptcy AttorneysBankruptcy Law AttorneysBankruptcy LawyersChild Custody AttorneysCollection AttorneysDivorce AttorneysDivorce LawyersFamily CourtFamily Law AttorneysLaw FirmsLawyers FamilyWills Trusts Estate Planning AttorneysWrongful Termination Lawyers
AttorneyAttorneysCollection AttorneysLaw FirmsLawyerLawyersScott SchroederWrongful Termination Lawyers
Health ClinicsMedical Assistant ServicesTeamsters Local 688 Health Medical CampWalk In Medical ClinicWelfare
Our Business directory offers quality and professionally edited company listings, which are organized in the most relevant categories that enable customers to easily, locate businesses and businesses to easily find customers. With Focus on rising consumer demand, our directory has continuously evolved to a feature rich listing of over 20 million American businesses.
The municipality of Gornja Radgona is located in northeastern Slovenia and is bordered by neighboring Austria along the Mura River. With thirty settlements, the municipality spans 74.6 square kilometers and has 8.427 inhabitants on 1 July 2017.
The city Gornja Radgona is a municipal administrative center, where is the seat of the municipality and among other things also the headquarters of the Gornja Radgona unit of state administration for the municipalities of Gornja Radgona, Apače, Radenci and Sveti Jurij ob Ščavnici.
"Gornja Radgona – city of fairs and sparkling wines" is the trademark and slogan with which the municipality is represented. Gornja Radgona is everywhere in Slovenia and many places in the world recognized especially after the long tradition of fairs, viticulture and winemaking.
common..i mind shelling out 100 bucks..could get 5 nail polishes from it.:P..lol...(pari would definitely agree..:P)
We were not talking about children in this post, who are yet to reach an age when they can drive a car legally :D
usne agar 1000 rupay maang liye hote to the blog would have been on how impolite and compassion-less the cops of today are ..
uske maangne se kya hota hai. For thousand rupees, I would have checked with people if that is the correct penalty amount, and verified the challan before paying up. And then the post would have been about how much that hurt me, and how careful I will be with traffic regulations going forward. That is exactly my point, for 100 rupees, I might just continue taking calls at the risk of getting fined once every week. The only reason that I would follow rules is that I realise that a violation might actually cost me much more than money, that 100 rupees is not a deterrant for sure.
yup. totally agree. the fines should be very high for people to bother listening. but yes, that also leads to cops earning ore bribe rather than people learning their lesson.
In Bombay the fines are pretty stiff. no setabelt its close to over 1k. drunk driving 5k and 1 night in jail. that should be like goddamn minimum!
The traffic fines most definitely should be increased to much higher levels. It will probably increase corruption but there can be measures taken to minimize that. Like giving all cops 10-20% of the fines they collect tax free. So if fines are increased to 1000-5000 type levels, you might need to shell out more than 100/200 to 500/1000 amounts(of bribe) for the cop to show any interest. That would be a deterrent I would say (against breaking the rules ofcourse).
Mama - Mia: To be honest, I felt a little sad for the cop too. I mean, with the fine amount so low, he would have felt insulted when I almost threw the money at his face without the slightest regret. I immediately felt remorse, and said Sorry Sir! Though he did not deserve too much since he was expecting to be bribed, but still.. And the fines are not uniform through the country?? I thought it is the same everywhere.
Anant : If you are the same person I fought with last night, I can't believe you commented. After almost 2.5 yrs of blogging, I finally managed to write something that could make you comment :D
We are one terribly busy couple, you see.. especially on weekends :D Did you see his blog, the last 3 posts are on climbing, climbing and more climbing!
waise in hindsight .. is is good that the policeman did not charge you for driving while being under-age .. u know..like that census person :P:P
I used to think the same way, but my brother enlightened me by opening me up to another point of view.
But, yet so many people do it. And very few of them get actually caught. And, if you are amongst the students, you might even prefer paying Rs. 50 to the cop, rather than getting Rs. 100 receipt which we can proudly keep.
If we keep the fine to say Rs 1000, if you are suggesting, most of the people would happily pay cop Rs 100-200. That way the real offence wouldn't get registered anywhere. Its not just about a single case of talking while driving incident or about number of such cases that get registered.
Think about someone, who is a repeated offender and keeps getting away by paying Rs 100-200. That guy, wouldn't have no case/fine/offence registered under his DL. If such a guy continues in such a vein and makes a bigger crash, he would be let of easily, because there was no fine/case/offence registered under his DL.
Under current system atleast, any such offenses such as crossing red light etc. get registered under your DL, once true driving record can be tracked. It also prevents corruption as it prevents cop from taking Rs 100-200 from each offender and let him go.
Regarding the deterrence potential of Rs 1000 fine vs Rs 100 fine (based on gross assumption that our cops are perfectly honest gentlemen), I don't think it makes any difference. Higher fine, might be deterrent in the beginning but in the end, we might just get used to higher fine way of life, just like we have got used in other walks of life in Bangalore.
Pari Husband family Rambling life Development education Just-like-that incident parenting Pictures Joka Memories Occasion work nostalgia Allahabad गीत marriage हिन्दी blog illness music festival maid sexist Hair money prize हिंदी Tags contest copy-paste craft dreams movies sports stories Insanity Videos books demise friends theater travel
Watch Video online Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 12th October 2018 Video Episode 1587 Star Plus HD Video. HotStar Serial Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Episode 1587 full by Star Plus . Watch Online Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 12 Oct 2018 HD Video, Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Full Episode Telecast Today.
Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 12th Oct Episode 1587 Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 12th October 2018 Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Episode 1587	2018-10-12
Tags Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 12th Oct Episode 1587 Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 12th October 2018 Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Episode 1587
I use grappling hook arrows to attach swing lines to the rooftops or ride through the streets on my souped up motorcycle.
I own a car, that's where I first learned Ollie's secret, but if I want to catch the badguys it's my superior skills with GPS tracking that will win the day.
I'd do anything for Ollie. Well, maybe not "anything." But, you know "almost" anything ... I mean ... if he "wanted" me to. -sigh-
Here's Team Arrow for Super-Five. I am really loving Arrow. The show just keeps getting better. I can't wait for the return of the Huntress, not to mention upcoming appearances of the Flash, and what's this? "The Suicide Squad." Oh, yeah! Sure, we've seen it coming, but this latest episode really brought it to the forefront. I was geeking-out with joy!
Art this time is by Nick Sorenson of DeviantArt. Be sure to take a look at his work and let him know how awesome he is!
LOL ... Felicity totally should have "Hottest Woman in Starling City" as a Trait, except that she doesn't use her beauty to her own advantage because she has totally no idea how hot she really is. I thought it was fun making her "Trouble Trait" her Defense Trait of "disarming smile." Because her charm really is a problem for her. Any time she tries to use it she ends up tripping over her own tongue.
Glad you like the write ups. I will do some more soon, for Roy and Black Canary, and Huntress ... and who knows who else?
Every year in the first ten days of September, the International Coastal Cleanup Day is celebrated throughout the world, during which various measures for cleaning domestic garbage in coastal zones are held with the participation of public services and public. Unfortunately, in Kyrgyzstan this Day is celebrated only by amateurs-enthusiasts of environmental NGOs.
Thus, the Aarhus Center in Bishkek, with its partners from the KGZ / Water-Issyk-Kul Project and the Voluntary Movement “Pure Issyk-Kul”, organized various events in the Issyk-Kul region on September 1 to 4, 2017, dedicated to this Day. The first event was a two-day marathon swim across Lake Issyk-Kul, which was started on September 1 at 10.00 hours from the pier of the regional office of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of the Kyrgyz Republic in Cholpon-Ata, and ended on the morning of September 2 in Tammga village at Zheti-Oguz district. As a result, the marathon ended successfully and without incident, and the total length of the route was more than 65 km.
Swimmers of the Voluntary Movement “Pure Issyk-Kul” participated in the swim, and they were accompanied by the rescue services of the region on the research ship “Moltur” and on high-speed boats. Marathon was covered in the media by international television channel “Mir 24”. It should be noted that the head of the state administration of the Issyk-Kul district, D.B. Ibraimov, organized the departure of the participants. On Participants were given a very warm welcome on other side of lake by local government of Jeti-Oguz district.
On September 4, in the conference hall of Ak Bermet boarding house, a round table was held on the topic “Support for the International Coastal Cleanup Day – a pledge for the Conservation of Natural Riches of Kyrgyzstan”. Thare were representatives of the public, local government, state administrations, environmental structures, international organizations and pupils from Bishkek and Cholpon-Ata schools. Deputy Head of the State Administration of the Issyk-Kul District M.S. Sarbagyshev, Advisor of OSCE Office in Bishkek D.Prudtskih and Deputy Director of the Issyk-Kul Territorial Administration of the SAEPF Kulataev M.M., spoke with welcoming words.
The participants of the round table were presented with information – about the work done by the Aarhus Center and the monitoring of the lake’s water quality within the framework of the KGZ / Water-Issyk-Kul project. Our guests from the Finnish Environment Institute presented materials on the problems of the use of microplastics in the world and the experience of the International Coastal Cleanup Day in the Baltic region. Director of the “Pure Issyk-Kul” spoke about the experience of organizing activities related to the purification of the Issyk-Kul Lake in the framework of the International Coastal Cleanup Day, and the results of the marathon swim conducted on September 1-2.
Parallel to the round table Festival-drawing competition was organized. The competition was among pupils of the Osmonov secondary school in Cholpon-Ata. The contest was attended by up to 30 school children of various classes, and the jury selected the winners, which included high school students from the high school with an ecological bias in Bishkek. Students also presented the materials prepared for their peers about environmental problems. The winners of the contest received valuable gifts. Also Aarhus Center passed books to library fund of school.
At the end of the round table and competition, all took part in the clean-up of the coastal zone on the public beach of Cholpon-Ata. Divers of “Pure Issyk-Kul” collected and raised domestic garbage from bottom of coastal zone. This garbage was taken out on a special vehicle to a municipal garbage dump.
After the end of all the activities the participants were photographed for the memory of the spent days on the Issyk-Kul lake. At the end, the participants of the round table adopted an Appeal to the Government of the Kyrgyz Republic on the accession of the Kyrgyz Republic to the International Coastal Cleanup Day and to grant official status to one of the days of the first ten days of September “Coastal Cleanup Day in Kyrgyzstan”. The text of the appeal in russian language can be found on the link below.
Round table “Application of the Aarhus Convention – effective environmental management and protection of environmental human rights”
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015
My pieces "Life Goes On, Day After Day" from my Heart of a Fool Series, "Merely a Symptom" from my The American Dream Series, "To Unmask Inequalities" from my FlagLIVE Series, and "Work on Paper 11" and "Work on Paper 25" from my Work on Paper Series were featured in the Scars Publications July-December 2015 anthology book "From Smoke."
Solo Show "Suite: A Panoramic Video and Sound Canvas by Yannick Jacquet with Music by Thomas Vaquié" at the Natalie and James Thompson Art Gallery
Group Exhibition "Life in Analog: A Juried Film Photography Exhibition" Includes Art by Aaron Wilder
Group Show "Reinterpretation as Resistance: Artists Questioning Normative Iconography" at the Natalie and James Thompson Art Gallery
Government-mandated annual backflow testing in Ventura LA County and Orange County Experts - 45.00 first device and 35.00 each additional device for all Shady Canyon Customers. We will match all competitors. Woodland Hills, CA
Orange County Backflow Testing - LA & OC Government mandated annual testing, repairs paperwork submission to all necessary Government Agencies.
We offer Backflow Testing, Backflow Repair and a variety of installation services, click here to find out more about what we can get done for you.
DowneyPlumbingHeatingAirConditioning.com :: 30 minutes or less to your door with all the help you need! Plumbing Repairs and Sewer Replacement in Downey :: Residents stop your search and call Downey Plumbing Heating and Air Conditioning
Plumbing Services in Downey :: Sewer / Drain Line Video Inspection Downey :: It seems that no matter how many times your drain lines have been inspected, you are still fighting sluggish draining. Since it is not possible to see directly inside your pipes, there is no definite way of telling what is going on unless you have a professional plumber perform a video drain line inspection. Video drain line inspections can help determine if your pipes are in need of replacement or if a simple repair is in order.
FYI: Downeys #1 24 hour plumbing service Hot Water Heater Settings Tips: Lowering the water heater temperature from a high 150 degrees Fahrenheit to the EPA recommended 120 degrees could save as much as twelve percent in energy use. That could be a considerable savings on your power bill, over time. Downey Plumbing Heating and Air Conditioning also serves Lakewood :: Heater Repair :: Heater Replacement :: DowneyPlumbingHeatingAirConditioning.com :: Plumbing-Downey-CA.com
We're experts and offer the following: backflow replacement, commercial water line, drain cleaning, video camera, water line replacement, air conditioner installer, residential water line in and around the Paramount, CA area.
Pests are a common problem in Fitzroy, causing damage to humans, infrastructure, food and other surroundings. We use environmentally friendly pest control soultions. Hire us for professional pest control & prevention services in Fitzroy for your residential or commercial properties.
All Pests cause serious damages to your place and pest control services can protect your house against them.
Professionals can suggest numerous quick techniques to get rid of the pests from your house or office.
It has been many years now, we have provided innovative solutions to homes and commercial places to remove or prevent from pests
Termites, better known as white ants are extremely destructive pests in Australia. The damage caused by termites could be worth millions of dollars and is not even included in any insurance policy. Our pest control specialists apply termiticides to soil around and under the house. Our treatment acts as a barrier between the wooden stuff at your house and the termites.
We have a dedicated team of people providing support to ensure you the best quality service. We would never give you any chance to complain. Being the leaders in this industry, we can promise you the highest quality of work and services at the best prices in Fitzroy. So, contact us on 1300 309 913 now to get a free quote of our services to protect your house or office from getting in a trap of these pests. We assure you a very pleasant experience with us.
“Don't get panic for the pest issue. VIP Pest Management can help you make your home pest free. I booked them last month for cockroach menace for my kitchen. I find VIP Pest is the best one. Thank god, the pest menace ended from my home. They are cost effective also. Try them once. You will get the value for your money. Thank you VIP team for your best help.”
“We got pest control treatment done by VIP Pest Management Brisbane last to last week. We got the whole house serviced by these professional guys. These people know their job well and are highly skilled. All my family members are extremely happy with the results and we highly recommend VIP Pest Management for effective pest control services.”
“Thanks VIP Pest Management for a WOW service. I called them for a routine pest inspection at my home. Since I have started using their pest control services, these guys come over every six months to keep check on my house. All my worries have gone as they complete their job in a professional manner. They come well dressed, do a thorough job, and leave the house ensuring pests don’t interfere in my peaceful life.”
“A few days ago, I had a rat that was living in my cupboard in my house. I treated so many ways but I was unable to get rid from this problem. There could be smell of rat in my entire cupboard and kept seeing droppings everywhere. I was very irritated with this rat problem then at that time someone suggests me to hire VIP Pest management services in Melbourne. After that I call them and after a few times they came and firstly they blocked all the holes where the rats were getting in. At that time I think they call it proofing and he put two different types of poison down. At last they were able to get rid of that disgusting smell and also from that rat. I am very thankful to this professional company and recommend in future too.”
Tags: Cockroaches Control Fitzroy, Fleas Control Fitzroy, Midges Control Services in Fitzroy, Mosquitoes Control Fitzroy, Pest Control Fitzroy, Pest Inspection & Removal Services in Fitzroy, Professional Ants Control Fitzroy, Rats Control Fitzroy, Reliable Residential & Commercial Pest Control Fitzroy, Silverfish Control Fitzroy, Spiders Control Services in Fitzroy, Wood Borer Treatment in Fitzroy
Super quality Cafe Racer Ace of Spades Heart white decals, stickers. Perfect for any Cafe Racer project. Gold and silver colors avaliable too.
Super quality Cafe Racer Chequered Flag 100+ Ace round white decals, stickers. Perfect for any Cafe Racer project. Gold and silver colors avaliable too.
Super quality Cafe Racer Chequered Flag round white decals, stickers. Perfect for any Cafe Racer project. Gold and silver colors avaliable too.
Super quality Cafe Racer CLUB 59 round white decals, stickers. Perfect for any Cafe Racer project. Gold and silver colors avaliable too.
Super quality Cafe Racer Chequered Flag Kick It Twist It Ton It round white decals, stickers. Perfect for any Cafe Racer project. Gold and silver colors avaliable too.
High quality Cafe Racer Double Chequered Lenghts Stripes 60mm wide. Perfect for any Cafe Racer or TAXI project. Stripes also valiable in red, yellow, blue, green or pink colors.
Por Dentro da Fórmula, aconteceu nesta quarta (30 de outubro), na unidade Sacramento, da Fórmula & Cia Farmácia de Manipulação.
Surrey wicketkeeper Ben Foakes has been called up to England’s Test squad on the tour of Sri Lanka as cover for the injured Jonny Bairstow.…
The England and Wales Cricket Board has dismissed allegations of spot-fixing against England players made in a new television documentary. An investigation by the Al…
First ODI: Sri Lanka v England Venue: Dambulla Date: 10 October Time: 10:00 BST Coverage: Live text commentary and The Cricket Social programme on the…
India have named 18-year-old batsman Prithvi Shaw in their squad for the remaining two Tests against England. Shaw replaces dropped opener Murali Vijay while batsman…
Yesterday we all watched as CNN and the AP tripped over themselves for ‘exclusivity’ on the rumored arrest of the Boston bombing suspect. CNN, however, made some spectacular blunders, at one point even claiming that a “dark-skinned” suspect was in custody. Jon Stewart absolutely destroyed CNN for bragging about its “exclusive reporting” which Stewart said was exclusive only because it was “completely f*cking wrong!”
Americans Against The Tea Party is a group committed to exposing the Tea Party’s lies, violence, racism, ignorance, intolerance, bigotry, and corporatist fascist efforts to subvert our democratic process – and we are organizing to defeat Tea Party/GOP candidates on ballots everywhere.
Actor: Toni Servillo, Alessio Boni, Lorenzo Richelmy, Galatea Ranzi, Michela Cescon, Lucrezia Guidone, Daniela Piazza, Jacopo Olmo Antinori, Marina Occhionero, Sabrina Martina, Antonio Gerardi, Greta Scacchi, Jean Reno, Ekaterina Buscemi, Massimo Rigo
Watch full movies online Free movies online Movietube Free online movies full Movie2k Watch movies 2k
Actor: Norris Culf, Nadine Hartstein, J. Buzz Von Ornsteiner, Jennifer Delora, Andrew Howarth, Angelika Jager, Michael Downend, Rick Gianasi, George Grey, Nicholas Reiner, Michael Azzolina, John Blaylock, Michael Zezima, Edward R. Mallia, Amy Brentano
Our mission at Integrated Health is to provide excellence in all treatment and service to those seeking alternative solutions to healthcare and looking to better their lifestyle through improved function.
We strive to provide complete care for our patients. Learn more about all the services we provide. Learn More
We combine the services of many highly trained specialists who act as a catalyst to improve the lives of those we serve. Learn More
Our commitment to excellence is evidenced by the strength of our customers’ satisfaction and by consistently producing superior results. Above all, we expect to be a source of value to the community we serve, a vital resource to our clients, and a place where our dedicated patients can grow and prosper.
Acupuncture is a holistic, natural method of healing through restoring the body's original harmony and balance.
Finding the key link is a result of a thorough analysis of the entire locomotor system. We begin with a general picture, not a single lesion.
Massage therapy is a hands-on manipulation of the soft tissues of the body including muscles, connective tissue, tendons, ligaments and joints.
ART is a patented, state of the art soft tissue system/movement based massage technique that treats problems with muscles, tendons, ligaments, fascia and nerves.
Correcting any major muscle imbalances before beginning your rehabilitative exercise program is vital. Muscle imbalances prevent your joints from functioning properly.
Integrated Health is committed to maintaining excellence, respect, and integrity in all aspects of our operations and our professional and business conduct. We strive to reflect the highest ethical standards in our relationships with patients, providers, and in our community.
“Dr. Reading and his staff provide excellent care. Dr. Reading is very knowledgeable and professional. He and his staff have always been able to answer my questions thoroughly and promptly. The office always has a friendly and fun atmosphere. I highly reccomind Dr. Reading to anyone. ”
“When I first went to see Dr. Reading, I was in a state of constant pain. I ached all the time. Through a variety of treatments I received, I have been pain free for quite some time. I continue to go in order to maintain this state of physical comfort. But more than that, because I do not have near the physical pain as I used to have, my overall life has improved. Less pain = less stress = more relaxed = happier. From Adrian (acupuncture) to Dr. Reading (chiropractor) to the massage therapists to the office staff, my experience with them has been nothing short of amazing. They are all so personable and friendly, and the results I have had are wonderful.”
“They were great at being flexible with my schedule. They were super nice. Dr took his time at the visit. Overall I am very satisfied and will be going back!”
This entry was posted in Elementary Schools Events Featured Story High School Middle School Need to know News Parents Press Release Schools Students and tagged Food for children Summer Meals on May 23, 2018 by jgeigner (updated 124 days ago)
Urbana School District #116 will once again participate in the Seamless Summer Food program sponsored by the federal government. Free meals will be offered Monday through Thursday during the month of June and part of July at three locations. Breakfast and lunch are offered to all children, 18 years of […]
The mission of Urbana School District 116, a multicultural community committed to educational excellence, is to ensure that all learners acquire knowledge, develop skills, and build character to achieve personal greatness and help create a better global society, by providing innovative, comprehensive programs, respecting individual learning styles and cultural differences, and fostering caring and nurturing relationships, while engaging each student, every family and the entire community.
In Mississippi University for Women, the Supreme Court noted that insofar as MUW’s policy discriminated on the basis of sex, it was subject to scrutiny under the Equal Protection Clause. Over the years, the Court developed three tests to determine whether state policies are unconstitutional. Strict scrutiny, applied in cases involving fundamental rights such as those protected under the federal Constitution for suspect classes such as those composed of members of a certain race, is the most difficult test for a state to overcome, because it requires a compelling governmental interest that is narrowly tailored. Rational basis, on the other hand, requires a state only to demonstrate the presence of a rational relationship to a legitimate state interest; it is usually easy for states to meet this burden. A third test, intermediate scrutiny, is discussed below.
As the dispute made its way to court, a federal trial court in Mississippi University for Women applied the rational basis test in upholding the female-only admission policy. However, the Supreme Court reasoned that the proper test was not rational basis, but rather, the so-called intermediate scrutiny test. Intermediate scrutiny requires that a state show that a gender-based classification is substantially related to an important government objective. By using the intermediate test, the Court recognized there might be limited circumstances that would allow a state to treat men and women differently. The Court was of the opinion that the judiciary will attempt to look at gender-based classifications without resorting to stereotypes about the proper roles for men and women in society.
Utilizing the intermediate scrutiny test, the Court determined that the admission policy at MUW was unconstitutional. First, the Court found that the Equal Protection Clause prohibits any discrimination on the basis of sex, whether manifested in unequal treatment of men or women. Thus, to the Court, the fact Hogan was male was inconsequential. Second, the Court explained that a defending institution has the burden of demonstrating an “exceedingly persuasive justification” for the discrimination. The Court rejected Mississippi’s argument that it was justified in admitting only women to compensate for discrimination against women. In rejecting this claim, the Court determined that this was not a persuasive justification, because women were not being discriminated against in the nursing profession, and the policy, in fact, perpetuated the stereotype that nursing was “women’s work.”
Third, the Court indicated that an institution must prove that the actions serve “important governmental objectives” and that the actions are “substantially related to the achievement of the goal.” The Court observed that the record showed that males were allowed to attend and audit nursing classes but not allowed to take course work for credit. This fact, according to the Court, undermined MUW’s argument because there was a lack of evidence that the presence of men in the classroom negatively impacted women.
In a more recent case, U.S. v. Virginia (1996), the Supreme Court considered whether a state military, all-male school unconstitutionally discriminated against women. Using the intermediate scrutiny test and reasoning similar to the analysis it applied in Mississippi University for Women, the Court declared the male-only admission policy violated the Equal Protection Clause.
Mississippi University for Women, along with more recent Court cases regarding male-only military schools, provides insight on gender discrimination. Even so, it is important to keep in mind that Title IX, the primary vehicle for combating gender-based discrimination, explicitly limits what types of educational institutions are allowed to have single-sex admission policies. Private undergraduate programs are generally exempt from Title IX’s prohibition of single-sex admission policies as are religious institutions if they obtain waivers. For most institutions, Title IX provides more guidance regarding discrimination based on sex and gender equity.
This document suggests a way of converting the Meter corpus, as distributed on CD ROM at the Lancaster CL-2001 conference, into a TEI conformant structure. It is a report of work in progress, and has no normative standing. The initial approach taken has been to identify the path of least resistance towards making the Meter corpus parse against the existing TEI DTD. No attempt has yet been made to define a specialised view of that DTD more appropriate to the Meter corpus, desirable though that objective is.
The first problem in building any TEI corpus is deciding what its overall structure should be. The TEI has rather specific notions of how electronic documents should be constructed, offering a range of choices in support of them. Making the right choice for a particular corpus is not always an easy choice -- not so much because the distinctions are imprecise as because it's often hard to think through their implications. I will try to justify my suggestions below.
First observation: the Meter corpus is not made up of complete newspapers, or even categories of stories. It is composed of stories selected from those available under a specific strapline, in various places on a certain day in one of two categories. A particular combination of strapline, day and category constitutes a major structural unit, and it is probably more appropriate to combine all stories with a common strapline than it is all those with a common data.
Second observation: such metadata as is available (and there is very little) applies at the level of particular sources (e.g. date and title of source newspaper). There is much less to be said about individual stories (just page numbers, as far as I can see). So we can use the TEI Header at quite a high level.
Third observation: most structural information about the corpus as currently delivered is embedded within the file structure used to store it, rather than explicitly within its markup. Conversion to any form of SGML or XML markup, but in particular to TEI, makes this policy at best unnecessary, and at worst infringes the TEI commandment "Thou shalt have no other encoding scheme besides me".
which shows that story number 144 comes from the Daily Mirror, has the strapline ‘Zeta’ , date 07.01.00, and is in the showbiz category. (Unfortunately, the story numbers are not unique across the collection, so they cannot be used as identifiers).
I propose to make part of this hierarchy explicit within the XML markup structure, thus making it independent of the storage medium, and also simplifying a wider range of analyses. I do not however consider that the "showbiz/courts" distinction need be represented within the structure: it is simply an attribute of the stories concerned and should be represented along with other metadata. I also propose to ignore the distinction between annotated and original, since I am concerned here only with encoding the annotated form of the corpus.
I propose to map individual stories to TEI <div> elements and straplines to TEI <text> elements. All <text>s on a given date are regarded as constituting a <group>, which is the <body> of a (higher-level) <text>. So the example cited would fit into a structure like this:
Note that the PA story for the given strapline is included at the same level as the other stories derived (or not) from it.
Other possibilities are not hard to imagine: for example, one could take the "divs all the way down" approach:
However, from my reading of the corpus design, it makes sense to regard all the stories for a given strapline on a given date as a unitary item, complete in some sense. The key distinction, in TEI terms, between <div> and <text> is that the latter is complete in a way that the former is not. Hence my preference for the first of these two possible mappings.
The TEI is unusual amongst encoding standards in that it has fairly detailed and explicit minimum requirements for metadata which should be supplied for a conformant text. This takes the form a <teiHeader> element which should be attached to each <TEI.2> element, and (in the case of a corpus) additionally to the whole corpus. The corpus header documents information specific to the whole corpus (and which does not therefore need to be repeated in each of its constituent parts), but otherwise conforms to the same minimum structure. The following indicates the minimal content of a TEI header for the Meter corpus:
A good header should make ancillary documentation unnecessary. The above structure is expandable to include all manner of other information, ranging from classification definitions and code tables, to change logs and alternative titles. In the example below, I have used the following additional features of the TEI Header:
The <classDecl> (classification declaration) element of the corpus header is used to define codes used in each individual text header to indicate its derivativeness and also its domain
A <textClass> element in each text header is used to specify the domain classification for its associated <text>; individual divisions of that text specify their derivativeness codes by means of an ANA (analysis) attribute. If further analytic codes are required, they can be added in the same way.
The body of each story consists of an optional title, followed by a page number and a series of paragraphs. As mentioned previously, I think segmenting paragraphs into smaller sentence-like units may be desirable, but is not essential. (The advantage of doing so is the increase in granularity with which one can reference parts of the corpus).
Within a story, stretches of text may be characterized as `verbatim' `rewrite' or `new' and optionally linked to a PA Source. Other than that, no markup beyond word separation is currently envisaged (but see further below).
Stretches marked as verbatim, rewrite, or new should be marked using the <seg> element, using the TEI ana (analysis) attribute to mark their assigned status. (Alternatively, extra elements with the same names could be defined as syntactic sugar). The existing TEI corresp attribute should be used to specify the identifier of the corresponding segment in the PA corpus where this is known. The correspondence may be specified at any convenient level: if a whole sentence, paragraph, or even text has a corresponding PA source, then the ana and corresp attributes should be specified on the corresponding <s>, <p>, or <div>, as appropriate. Note that stretches marked as verbatim etc. must be well-behaved with respect to the hierarchy.
Sequence numbers should be supplied as identifiers to mark the internal structure of each story using an appropriate scheme for the n (non-unique) or id (unique) attributes. A suggested scheme is described below.
A quick glance through the sample data suggests a few useful regularizations which could be carried out:
The PA texts carry several headings: it would be useful to distinguish the title from a byline and both of these from the actual strapline. The type attribute on <head> should be used for this purpose.
Various styles of quotation marks are used, including single quotes, back ticks, and double quotes. It might be helpful to normalize all of these, and to distinguish opening and closing quotes in some consistent way.
Some of the texts appear to use iso-8859-1 encoding: this is OK, but it must be stated within the XML PI. Several of the PA texts have lines of hyphens in them, which will upset any XML or SGML parser.
The AP stories lack identifying numbers, and may contain separate fragments of a given story, alternate versions of the same story, or both.
Each group of stories from a given date (i.e. each outer <text>) is allocated an identifier in the form Mmmdd (e.g. M0129). It might be better to number months from 1 rather than use the calendar month number, not just to avoid Y2K problems, but also to allow date comparison.
A composite identification is also supplied for each story. Firstly, each newspaper story (<div>) is given an arbitrary but unique number which is used as the value for its id attribute, prefixed with the letter M. Secondly, its n attribute carries a reference in the form xxxx-Mmmdd-j where the suffix is identical to the identifier of the strapline group to which the story belongs, and the xxxx is the alphabetic code for the newspaper concerned
I propose to handle AP stories in basically the same way, but they present an additional problem in that they are often split across several discrete files. The simplest way of handling that is simply to treat each file as a (further) nested <div> element within the story-level div. However, it is probably important to distinguish between files which are continuations of a previous one, and files which are substitute versions: this could be done using the type attribute on the relevant <div>. In the long run I think I would prefer to combine files of a single story into a single <div> of type AP, and combining any alternate versions into a distinct <div> of type AP-SUB,
To simplify transition, I suggest that a driver file be created, which will embed the contents of each file at the appropriate point. I am in the process of creating such a file to test out the design.
RagnaStats.com is a project developed by Rachel & Friends. To contact us, send a PM to Fiolina in game.
Your use of the drivingjack.com ("Website") is conditioned upon Your acceptance of these legal terms of use including our privacy policy.
Jack Peterson - Artist Website reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or update these legal terms of use from time to time with immediate effect and without advance notice to You. It is Your responsibility to review these legal terms of use periodically for updates.
The copyrights to all original materials, content, selection, and arrangement of the Website (including text, user, and visual interfaces, images, look and feel, design, sound, etc. and any underlying software and computer codes) are proprietary to Jack Peterson - Artist Website, its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, or third party licensors. You may not copy, reproduce, post on any other Website, republish, upload, encode, modify, translate, publicly perform or display, commercially exploit, distribute or transmit any portion of this Website or make any derivative works from this Website in any way without the express prior written consent of Jack Peterson - Artist Website.
Any name, logo, trademark, service mark, patent, design, copyright, domain name or other intellectual property appearing on this Website is owned or licensed by Jack Peterson - Artist Website or its parents, affiliates, or subsidiaries and may not be used by You without the prior written consent of Jack Peterson - Artist Website or the appropriate owner. Your use of this Website does not grant You any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property appearing on this Website. Any unauthorized use of the content of this Website may subject You to civil or criminal penalties.
Jack Peterson - Artist Website maintains this Website for Your personal purchases, entertainment, information and education. You should feel free to browse the Website. However, all copying (whether electronic, hard copy, or other format) is prohibited and may breach intellectual property laws and other laws worldwide. All commercial use of all or part of this Website is prohibited except under Jack Peterson - Artist Website's express written consent. All rights not expressly granted here are reserved to Jack Peterson - Artist Website.
You may not use any computer program tools, including, but not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other automatic device, program, algorithm, or methodology, or any similar equivalent process ("Tools") to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Website or content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Website or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Website. Tools that use the Website shall be considered agents of the individuals who control or author them.
Jack Peterson - Artist Website assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages caused by viruses or other forms on contamination or destructive features that may affect Your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of Your access to, use of, or browsing in the Website or Your downloading of any materials, text, images, video or audio from the Website or any linked Websites.
In no event shall Jack Peterson - Artist Website, its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers, its licensors, or the officers, directors, employees, shareholders, or agents of each of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any direct, special, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, including lost profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on theory of liability what so ever, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of, or Your browsing in, or Your links to other Websites from, this Website. You acknowledge by Your use of this Website, that Your use of this Website is at Your sole risk. Certain laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages: if these apply to You, some or all of the above disclaimers may not apply, and You might have additional rights.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Jack Peterson - Artist Website harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising from or related to Your use of the Website.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods and services and to specific portions of features of the Website, including but not limited to sales, licenses, contests, sweepstakes, invitations, or other similar features (each an "Application"), all of which additional terms and conditions are made a part of these legal terms of use by this reference. You agree to abide by such Application terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of the Application, the terms of the Application will control as relating to the Application.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate the law. Jack Peterson - Artist Website will fully cooperate, including but not limited to, maintaining and disclosing any transmittals or communications that You have had with this Website, disclosing Your identity or helping to identify You, with any applicable law or regulation, law enforcement authorities, court order, or governmental authority.
Any communication or material You transmit to the Website by email or otherwise, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Jack Peterson - Artist Website cannot prevent the harvesting of information from this Website, and You may be contacted by Jack Peterson - Artist Website or unrelated parties, by email or otherwise, within or outside of this Website. Anything You transmit may be edited by or on behalf of Jack Peterson - Artist Website, may or may not be posted to this Website at the sole discretion of Jack Peterson - Artist Website and may be used by Jack Peterson - Artist Website or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Jack Peterson - Artist Website is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication You send to the Website for any purpose what so ever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products use of such information. If You transmit any ideas, concepts, materials or other communications to the Website, You accept that it will not be treated as confidential and may be used by Jack Peterson - Artist Website without compensation in any manner whatsoever, including without limitation to reproduction, transmission, publication, marketing, product development, etc.
Although Jack Peterson - Artist Website may from time to time monitor or review discussion, chats, postings, transmissions, and bulletin boards, and the like on the Website, Jack Peterson - Artist Website is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations, on the Website. Jack Peterson - Artist Website assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions or communications by You or any related third party within or outside of this Website.
If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a Notice with the following information to the Website's Copyright Agent:
1. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
3. A description of precisely where the material that You claim is being infringed is located on the Website;
5. A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
6. A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your Notice is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on our Website, electronic mail to a user's email address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's physical address in our records. If You receive such a notice, You may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated Copyright Agent. To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
2. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access had been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
3. A statement from You under the penalty of perjury, that You have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake to misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
4. Your name, physical address, and telephone number, and a statement that You consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which Your physical address is located, or if Your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Jack Peterson - Artist Website may be found, and that You will accept service or process from the person who provided notification of alleged infringing material or an agent of such person.
Jack Peterson - Artist Website may terminate user accounts that have been the subject of five (5) separate DMCA notices. In the event a user's materials are removed due to a DMCA notice and then subsequently restored due to the filing of a DMCA counter-notification, Jack Peterson - Artist Website will treat the underlying DMCA notice as withdrawn. Jack Peterson - Artist Website reserves the right to terminate user accounts that are the subject of fewer than five (5) DMCA notices in appropriate circumstances - such as where the user has a history of violating or willfully disregarding Jack Peterson - Artist Website's Terms of Service.
If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes trademark infringement, please provide a Notice with the following information to the Website's trademark Agent:
1. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the trademark interest;
5. A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent or the law;
6. A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your Notice is accurate and that You are the trademark owner or authorized to act on the trademark owner's behalf.
At its sole discretion, Jack Peterson - Artist Website may modify or discontinue the Website, or may modify or terminate Your account or Your access to this Website, for any reason, with or without notice to You and without liability to You or any third party.
Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or Websites not owned by Jack Peterson - Artist Website or its affiliates do not imply endorsement of that product, publication, or Website. Jack Peterson - Artist Website has not reviewed all material linked to the Website and is not responsible for the content of any such material. Your linking to any other Websites is at Your own risk.
This Website may provide, as a convenience to You, links to websites owned or operated by parties other than Jack Peterson - Artist Website. Each linked website may have its own terms and conditions of use, as described in that website's legal notice/terms of use. Those terms and conditions may be different than these legal terms of use, and we urge You to read each website's legal notice/ terms carefully before You use that website. Jack Peterson - Artist Website does not control, and is not responsible for the availability, content or security of these external Websites, nor Your experience interacting or using these external Websites. Jack Peterson - Artist Website does not endorse the content, or any products or services available, on such web sites.
This Website shall be governed by, and Your browsing in and use of the Website shall be deemed acceptance of and consent to, the laws of the State of Kentucky, United States of America, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Website may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or service does not imply that they are appropriate or available to all persons of legal purchasing age in all locations, or that Jack Peterson - Artist Website intends to make such products or services available in such countries. Any offer for any product, feature, service, or application made on this Website is void where prohibited. Your information will be transferred to Jack Peterson - Artist Website in the United States, which may be outside of Your own country, and by providing us with Your information, You are consenting to such transfer. Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information collected, we will not be liable for disclosure of personal information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
Welcome to Abaris, Australia’s leading independent supplier of labels, folding cartons and in-mould labels.
We supply our products to the fast moving consumer goods market including food & beverage, horticultural, dairy and industrial.
Banks in USA don’t normally lend to foreigners or new companies for this type of investment. We are however able to source mortgage debt from individual investors from 30%-70% LTV depending on the houses and circumstances.
In the case of non-residents, our partners at B2R Finance offer great financing options for rental properties with the same focus on cash flow. Amortization can be spread over 30 years, and the rates are competitive (circa 6-7% at time of writing).
Blog hébergé par CanalBlog | Plan du site | Blog Associations créé le 09/10/2008 | Contacter l'auteur | Signaler un abus
What I don’t understand is why businesses hide their address. Where are you? How do I send cards, letters or parcels?
Sometimes my clients ask me to send their clients a greeting. Sometimes a phone call is all it takes to get an address. Sometimes a different time zone, country and language add to the perplexity—and the cost of investigating.
Conventional postal services deliver more than notes, greetings, chocolates and gifts; they deliver thoughtfulness. Clients feel acknowledged. It feels rewarding to hear they were “wow’ed” by the surprise of old fashioned mail. But it can be hard to be nice when there is nowhere to deliver it.
Home » innenarchitektur » abluftrohr » Abluftrohr Elegant Bild With Verkleidung Dunstabzugshaube Edelstahl 100
Disclaimer: GotoGulf is a platform that facilitates recruiters and jobseekers reach out to each other. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of recruiters independently. We do not endorse requests for money payments and strictly advise against sharing personal or financial information. If you suspect malpractice, please email to us.
dog bowl set with stand this flower looking dog bowl stand is carefully handcrafted to red yellow sunflowers size l and x l dog bowl holder dog bowl stand dog bowl feeder dog bowl set raised dog feede.
ceramic raised dog bowls elevated for large dogs bowl set with stand,dog bowl set with stand best raised bowls ideas on feeder, dog bowl set with stand eat up drink feeding cat, dog bowl set with stand eat up drink feeding cat,dog bowl set with stand best raised bowls ideas on feeder ,dog bowl set with stand signature housewares paws of 2 bowls red, pet bowl stand pottery barn dog set with,dog bowl set with stand raised metal , dog bowl set with stand ceramic bowls, dog bowl set with stand best raised bowls ideas on feeder.
zebra rug living room eclectic with medium wood floors furniture warehouse nashville tn stores near me that finance of america reviews,furnitureland south financing luxury patchwork armchair eclectic armchairs and accent chairs furniture warehouse dallas stores near me going out of business,furniture mart denver furnitureland south outdoor eclectic chair upholstery upholstered chairs family room of america bunk bed,furniture of america coffee table warehouse near me mixing vintage with modern for a fresh take stores open today,furniture stores near me open today of america reviews beds art chevron velour tub chair,highland club chair eclectic armchairs and furniture stores near me going out of business mesa az outlet nj,furniture mart usa sioux falls warehouse nj dining room eclectic chairs painted outlet,furniture stores near me used best eclectic chairs for the home images on fair new bern nc,sol armchairs and eclectic furniture stores in miami near me open now row austin,furniture outlet los angeles antique black cane walnut chair eclectic chairs fair eastgate stores near me.
Amsterdam - Nog geen uur na de kerkelijke huwelijksvoltrekking is prinses Máxima bevallen van een grote gezonde jongen van twaalf pond. Opvallend is dat Máxima haar zwangerschap tot aan de bevalling geheim heeft weten te houden, terwijl de baby, prins Jorge-Alexander, zo enorm is. Of het huwelijk hiermee een "moetje" blijkt te zijn hangt volgens de RVD af van wie de vader is.
SimpleCorp theme ported to Drupal by Drupalizing a Project of More than Themes. Designed by Site5 WordPress Themes.
Some individuals are so severely addicted to a substance that they require long term treatment. Such therapy requires facilities that are equipped to handle extended stays. Users of our database will be able to locate numerous, long term treatment facilities throughout the United States, allowing them to find a program close to where they live.
Long term treatment requires an extended, inpatient therapy. Individuals will live at the facility, sleeping and eating there. They are typically allowed to remain, until they have gotten their addiction under control and feel strong enough to return to their home. Long term treatment is most appropriate for those with the most severe addictions.
Brandon Chapa and Kenai Beats are back for a third time with the Obscure III (Omnisphere Bank), featuring 50 Omnisphere 2 Patches inspired by: Pierre Bourne, Travis Scott, Juice WRLD, NAV, & More.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price." As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
If we as parents and citizens believe that the same “scientific, research-based” standards[2] applied to research in education and psychology are those applied to medicine, geology, or engineering, we are sadly mistaken. If we believe that objective criteria are employed when evaluating educational curriculum or behavioral analysis, we are likewise mistaken. Therefore, when presented with proposals in academic curricula that purport to be founded in “scientific, research-based” evaluation, we should take them with a grain of salt!
The bottom line for understanding this conflict between science and psychology is that the application of statistical methods to human behavior in the name of science is misdirected and inappropriate. When we measure natural phenomena, we get results that will vary depending upon the environmental factors affecting the thing being measured. For example, we can measure the speed at which a rock falls from a certain height. Although the rock’s speed may be affected by external factors, such as air resistance, there is nothing the rock can do, no decision it can make that will change the speed at which it falls. However, when we attempt to measure a person’s attitudes or opinions, that person can change his or her attitude, opinion, or belief at any time—often because of a conscious, deliberate decision to do so, as an act of will. Such deliberate assertion of a person’s will is extremely difficult, if not impossible to measure.
The social “sciences” and psychology have long yearned for the respectability of scientific disciplines, and have touted themselves as science for many decades. However, both fields emerged from the same humanistic cesspools of the last century.
1. The graphic image at the top of this post is from WWII. These beautiful children were part of Dr. Mengele's so-called "scientific" research.This photo was retrieved from the YouTube film footage of “Romani children used in Nazi racial studies,” http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5DDRy0I9rU
3. See yesterday's post "Shaping Mankind's Behavior" for more quotes from Dr. Schaeffer. "Francis August Schaeffer (30 January 1912 – 15 May 1984) was an American Evangelical Christian theologian, philosopher, and Presbyterian pastor." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Schaeffer
4. Another View of Philosophy and Culture: Back to Freedom and Dignity by Francis Schaeffer (Crossway Books: Wheaton, Ill.,
In 1982, just as the Skinnerian machine was rolling full-speed ahead into the classrooms of America, THE COMPLETE WORKS OF FRANCIS A. SCHAEFFER: A CHRISTIAN WORLDVIEW was published.[1] In a treatise entitled “A Christian View of Philosophy and Culture: Back to Freedom and Dignity,” noted Christian scholar and theologian Dr. Francis Schaeffer warned of B.F. Skinner and his methods. This treatise was written specifically to counter Skinner's Beyond Freedom and Dignity, and to warn the world about the far-reaching horrible consequences of adopting Skinner's worldview:
Skinner says that up until the present time all of humanity has considered man to be in some sense autonomous—that is, that there is in each individual an “ego” or mind or center of consciousness which can freely choose one or another course of action. But, Skinner says, autonomous man does not exist, and it is the task of behavioral psychology to abolish the conception.... Skinner declares that everything man is, everything man makes, everything man thinks is completely, 100 percent, determined by his environment.
After the publication of Beyond Freedom and Dignity [1972], when he [Skinner] was at the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions, he spoke at Westmont College in Santa Barbara, California. There he said, “The individual does not initiate anything.” In fact, he said that any time man is freed from one kind of control, he merely comes under another kind of control. Christians consider that man is autonomous in that he is significant, he affects the environment. In behavioristic psychology, the situation is reversed. All behavior is determined not from within but from without. “You” don’t exist. Man is not there. All that is there is a bundle of conditioning, a collection of what you have been in the past: your genetic makeup and your environment. But Skinner goes a step further, subordinates the genetic factor, and suggests that man’s behavior can be almost totally controlled by controlling the environment.... Some behaviorists would differ with him on this last point. How is it that the environment controls behavior?
Here Skinner brings up the concept of “operant conditioning.” This notion is based on his work with pigeons and rats. The basic idea is that “when a bit of behavior is followed by a certain consequence, it is more likely to occur again, and a consequence having this effect is called a reinforcer.” (p. 27) That is, for example, “anything the organism does that is followed by the receipt of food is more likely to be done again whenever the organism is hungry.”
There are two kinds of reinforcers: negative reinforcers which have adverse effects, and positive reinforcers whose effect is positive. Skinner contends that only the positive reinforcers should be used. In other words, in order to reinforce a certain kind of behavior, one should not punish; he should reward. If a person is surrounded by an atmosphere in which he gets a sufficient reward for doing what society would like him to do, he will automatically do this without ever knowing why he is doing it.... Within the Skinnerian system there are no ethical controls. There is no boundary limit to what can be done by the elite in whose hands control resides. [bold added]
Note that last statement above. Even though Skinner claimed that only positive reinforcers should be used, his successors, most notably including David Hornbeck (see Day 28 and Day 29 posts) adopted penalties as the most effective method of controlling human behavior. So Dr. Schaeffer was right when he warned, "Within the Skinnerian system there are no ethical controls. There is no boundary limit...."
The reduction of man’s value to zero is one of the important factors which triggered the student rebellion at Berkeley and elsewhere in the 1960s. Those students sensed that they were being turned into zeros and they revolted. Christians should have sensed it long before and said and exhibited that we have an alternative.... We are on the verge of the largest revolution the world has ever seen—the control and shaping of men through the abuse of genetic knowledge, and chemical and psychological conditioning.
Will people accept it? I don’t think they would accept it if (1) they had not already been taught to accept the presuppositions that lead to it, and (2) they were not in such hopelessness. Many of our secular schools have consistently taught these presuppositions, and unhappily many of our Christian lower schools and colleges have taught the crucial subjects no differently than the secular schools. [bold added]
This warning hit the mark! We now have Christian and Conservative leaders who have adopted Skinner's Humanistic presuppositions about the malleability of man, and are now carrying the banner for the very Skinnerian coercive methods that Dr. Schaeffer was warning against!
What do we and our children face? The biological bomb, the abuse of genetic knowledge, chemical engineering, the behavioristic manipulation of man. All these have come to popular attention only a few years ago. But they are not twenty years away. They are not five years away. They are here now in technological breakthroughs. This is where we live, and as true Christians we must be ready. This is no time for weakness in the Church of Christ. What has happened to man? We must see him as one who has torn himself away both from the infinite-personal God who created him as finite but in his image and from God’s revelation to him. Made in God’s image, he was made to be great, he was made to be beautiful, and he was made to be creative in life and art. But his rebellion has led him into making himself into nothing but a machine.[2]
As mentioned in yesterday's post, David Hornbeck's "draft" plan for Iowa's education transformation initiative, leaked to the press and dated September 19, 1990, told the whole story. It was a most comprehensive explanation of the Skinnerian totalitarian system applied to society.
For the next 25 years Hornbeck would go on to become a change agent in key places of school leadership, leaving devastation in his wake wherever he went. A simple "google" search of his name will reveal the sweeping controversies surrounding this man as he stage-managed his intrusive and onerous Skinnerian transformation system.
Below are some key excerpts from Iowa's revealing "Draft" that told too much about the overall plan for school transformation. Read it and weep:
1. ...The success of schools in the new system should be judged on how well students master a clearly defined, measurable core of learning that sets high expectations of all students....
2. Student performance should be measured with a variety of tools that reflect the complexity of what students are expected to learn....
3. Successful schools, judged on student achievement, should be rewarded, unsuccessful schools should be helped to improve, and consistently inferior schools should be penalized. [bold in original, color added]
There you have it. The first two points have to do with measurable performance required of students under the Skinnerian method. The third one spells out that any schools that don't perform up to par will be penalized. Here is the shift -- Skinnerian operant conditioning would be applied to entire institutions in society, which includes the punishments of local school districts. This was 1990. We are now in the year 2014 and many, many schools have now been penalized. Read on and notice who is held responsible for students performing up to par:
4. Staff in individual schools must have the authority to make decisions affecting student achievement and must be accountable for results....
7. Schools in the new system must be responsible for ensuring collaboration with health and human services agencies to reduce barriers to student learning....
8. ...Schools must assist parents in assuming their full role as partners in educating their children.... [bold in original, underlining and color added]
Next Hornbeck spelled out the outcomes -- a term that would go on to become well-known across America as Outcome-Based Education, now known as Common Core. Skinnerian outcomes were defined by Hornbeck as
"results which schools are expected to produce with their students.... Results... used to measure success...." [bold, color added]
Note that word "success." The elite educrats would define this nebulous "success," not parents, not classroom teachers, not local districts. There was a lot of hoopla over the "outrageous outcomes" of OBE in the 1990s because they didn't have much to do with solid academics, but were obviously politically correct outcomes and mind-bending junk science.
"An outcome or result which cannot be measured may be a useful goal but it is relevant as a result for which a school or school district can be held accountable." [bold, color added]
The term "accountability" became a code word associated with measurable outcomes -- not only in education reform but in other areas of society as well. These results in Hornbeck's report included such intrusive privacy-invading things as
"personal qualities related to self-esteem, good health habits and ethical decision-making." [bold, color added]
So the State, according to Hornbeck, would be prescribing and pre-determining the acceptable measurable "result" in these highly personal areas of a child's thinking and feeling.
Hornbeck was disingenuous. He insisted that "the state assessment program's objective is to determine school and school district performance, not individual student performance." But this is not true, and little Johnny and Susie sitting at their desk on big bad SCARY ASSESSMENT DAY knew full well that if they don't perform well on the test, they would face stiff penalties. This is why teachers across the nation have had to learn how to teach to the test. It preserves their own job. Plus they care about their students and worry about them failing.
The worst part of Hornbeck's "Draft" is this frightful scenario he outlines for those school districts that don't perform up to par. There is a series of interventions, leading to a total takeover of the district. This was unfathomable back in 1990, but now we've all seen it happen in cities across the country. The really sad thing about Hornbeck's proposal was that those schools already struggling would be further penalized, often via so-called "remediation" which was intrusive and punitive.
Hornbeck wrote: "On the penalty side, I envision the following consequences for schools and their staff...." He went on to describe in elaborate detail the horrors that teachers would be facing. These penalties included loss of the following things: teacher longevity pay, local control, administrative decision-making authority, state and local financing, and even students. Administrators could be put on probation, staff could suffer financial penalties, and good (and wealthy) students could flee the district as it was sinking like the Titanic. And somehow Hornbeck envisioned that by imposing such extremely negative penalties this would help students feel good about themselves?! And teachers teach better?! And districts be proud?! Hornbeck's penalties were stifling, killing true freedom and the spirit of joy in learning.
Another whole section of the Hornbeck report included detailed instructions about how to institute site-based decision making that would supplant the duly-elected school boards and wrest control away from local parents and citizens. A token parent or two would be permitted on this controlled council. He was already using this formula. Note that his "Draft" was prepared for the "Iowa Business-Education Roundtable Task Force," an unelected board of Who's Who leaders, some of whom admitted they signed onto the dotted line without even reading the report! In this way, the site-based councils became a clever form of managed change in which they rubber-stamped any new innovation towards implementing the Skinnerian operant conditioning methods on their schools, teachers and students.
This report sets a course in which schools are expected to produce results at unprecedented high levels. They will be expected to produce them with a broader group of students -- and eventually with all students....
...If we are to have a high expectation, outcome based, consequences-driven, school-based shared decision making system that is evaluated with substantially different assessment strategies, it will require different capacities, skills and patterns of renewal for staff than presently exist. Literally everyone will need retraining at least to some degree.
The collection and analysis of school performance data will be done more quickly, more powerfully and with greater accuracy through technology. Technology is critical to a strong data base at many levels.
Technology will reduce reliance on single sources of instructional material (such as textbooks)....[bold and color added]
Parent, Advocate, Health, and Social Service Support -- Children need far more than academic instruction if they are to succeed in school.... They requires [sic] connecting education, health and social services in unprecedented ways.... [bold and underline in original, color added]
...One illustrative approach to accomplishing that objective would be to abolish the present State Board of Education and local boards of education and replace them with Boards of Children and Families at the state and local levels. One could then establish results for children we wish to achieve that cut across education, health and social services....[bold and color added]
Hornbeck then went on to propose the formation of a "Family Resource Center in or near each elementary school" that would offer preschool, child care, home visits, parent education, family support services, health services, social services, employment counseling, job development, drug and alcohol abuse counseling, family crisis counseling, and teenage pregnancy prevention services. This last one was connected with Planned Parenthood's school-based clinic initiative!
In conclusion, David Hornbeck put wheels on Skinner's operant conditioning machinery and 25 years ago he traveled the country with his word-processor, equipping well over 30 states with his massive plan for the transformation and overhaul of our nation's schools. His grandiose plan became part of America 2000, Goals 2000, and No Child Left Behind. Hornbeck would almost single-handedly put Skinnerian methods into American mainstream.
Many in the field of education adopted a cult-like conformance to predetermined "outcomes" and "results" mandated from on high. Teachers didn't dare ask the questions -- after all, there were penalties for their non-compliance! And administrators were hooked in, forced into the mold, or they retired. And poor little Johnny and Susie sitting at their desks, still feel the HORRORS of the pressure to perform measurable results and outcomes every single day.
In the Fall of 1990 a document was prematurely leaked to the Iowa public. This document was a landmark guide to understanding the direction that education reform would take in the decades to come. It was never intended to be reviewed by the public, but was supposed to remain in the upper realms of the education elite. This September 19, 1990 report was titled "First Draft of Recommendations on the Iowa Initiative for World Class Schools," and it was authored by David Hornbeck.
During the late 1980s and early 1990s David Hornbeck, a change agent extraordinaire who came out of Carnegie, was cynically dubbed by parents and citizens as "Mr. Have Word-Processor Will Travel." He traveled from state to state as a highly paid consultant and regurgitated nearly identical state "transformation" plans to every state board of education. Since that time he has left a huge wake of controversy in his path wherever he has gone to do his social engineering. Here is a brief bio:
Mr. Hornbeck previously served as Philadelphia’s Superintendent of Schools, Maryland’s State Superintendent of Schools, Pennsylvania’s Executive Deputy Secretary of Education, President and CEO of the International Youth Foundation, an architect of Kentucky’s education reform law KERA, a partner in the law firm of Hogan and Hartson, Co-director of the National Alliance for Restructuring Education, Senior Education Advisor to the Business Roundtable and Deputy Counsel to the Governor of Pennsylvania, He has chaired the boards of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, the Children’s Defense Fund, Council of Chief State School Officers, Good Schools Pennsylvania and the Public Education Network, Mr. Hornbeck served as chair of the Carnegie Corporation’s commission that produced Turning Points and chair of the National Chapter I Commission.
Hornbeck's "draft" report to Iowa was more honest than any of the other state reports he issued. In it he divulged the EXTREME Skinnerian plan to produce "results" in all of society. Below is an insightful article from the November 1992 Iowa Report, "Did Hornbeck Fail?" that gives a broad overview of his plan for education transformation:
It remains a matter of record that to read Hornbeck is to understand America 2000. His sweeping recommendations explicitly outline every detail in the future transformation of education, not only in Iowa, but also across America. He was simply re-stating the grand, master plan at the national level....
Hornbeck covered the assessment testing in elaborate detail. His proposal for Iowa included every aspect of the new individual student testing that would incorporate feelings, behaviors, values, opinions and attitudes. He acknowledged that the core curriculum would be built around the assessment outcomes, meaning the intended test results....
Hornbeck was also open and realistic about rewards and penalties. Later documents would hide the hideous fact that individual schools and teachers would be rewarded and penalized based upon their success at implementing the goals of his report. If the students scored the politically-correct way on the new assessment tests, then the schools would remain open and the teachers would keep their job. If not Hornbeck proposed severe penalties.
...the rewards and penalties... are listed on page after page in Hornbeck's Draft. Ultimately teachers will be subject to the same rigorous assessment of beliefs, opinions, behaviors, values and attitudes as their students. It is likely that the rank and file of teachers do not fully comprehend the ramifications of Hornbeck's penalties, for if they did they might have protested. As it was, the key leaders of each state education organization went with the plan, stating only minor objections.
It was in Hornbeck that one could first learn what the term "mentor" really means, i.e. monitor. He spelled out a job description for an "Iowa Mentoring Educator" who was to travel around the state policing and enforcing transformation efforts. These individuals would be given broad, sweeping powers to shut down schools, manage schools defined to be "in crisis," and generally supersede any remnant of true local control. This shocking job category disappeared from later documents, but the entire proposal makes no sense without some type of policing entity to enforce change...
It was also from Hornbeck that one could first learn that school based shared decision-making was a lie, and why. Hornbeck laid out in vivid detail how these committees should be structured and how they were to function. He made it clear that the entire education accountability system in our country and state was to be superseded by a committee of non-elected officials. Voters and American citizens were thrown out in Hornbeck's equation. Inserted in was a modest concession to a token parent on the committee.... Hornbeck makes it abundantly clear that his master plan must be accepted in its totality in order to work.
Hornbeck also spelled out the entire America 2000 plan, including early chidhood education, school-based clinics, the merging of human services with education, and the absolute dependence upon technology rather than texts....
Tomorrow, on Day 29 of this Skinnerian Horror Files series, we will publish Part 2 and include significant Skinnerian excerpts from Hornbeck's "Draft" proposal to Iowa that was too honest about what would become the agenda of America 2000, Goals 2000, No Child Left Behind, Outcome-Based Education... and what we now know as "Common Core." Stay tuned. . . .
I am not the only one who has written the history of education reform. Dr. Dennis wrote an excellent book in 1993 titled Chronology of Education With Quotable Quotes. Below is his warnings about B.F. Skinner:
1948: Walden II by B. F. Skinner (1972 Humanist of the Year) is published describing a society in which children are reared by the State rather than their parents, are taught only "desirable" characteristics from birth, and are never punished.
1972 November: Psychology Today publishes "Shapers at Work" by Kenneth Goodall describing a number of behavior modification programs around the country, including a 3-year program in Prince George's County, Maryland, designed not only to change students' behavior but also "to manage the behavior of the whole community." The project is conducted by the Institute for Behavioral Research, with whom B. F. Skinner and Buckminster Fuller are associated. The IBR is headed by Harold Cohen, who states, "I'm not a moralist, it just doesn't work."
1977 August 1: The Washington Post prints Lawrence Feinberg's "Competency Tests Set in 26 Schools," in which he reports that a new "competency based curriculum" to be used in every school in Washington, DC, "is based on the work in behavioral psychology of Harvard University's B.F. Skinner, who developed teaching machines and even trained pigeons during World War II to pilot and detonate bombs and torpedoes." Washington, DC, Associate School Superintendent James Guines tells Feinberg, "If you can train a pigeon to fly up there and press a button and set off a bomb, why can't you teach human beings to behave in an effective and rational way? We know we can modify human behavior. We're not afraid of that. This is the biggest thing that's happening in education today.'
The following alarming information comes from Appendix XVI in my book, an article titled “Totalitarian Data-Gathering System Prepared by U.S. Department of Education” by Samuel Blumenfeld.* You can read his article in its entirety by going to my website: http://www.deliberatedumbingdown.com and clicking to download the original edition of my book.
Blumenfeld's insightful article is a must read for parents who want to know what sort of data is being collected on their children. Sam begins with the statement:
If ever proof were needed to confirm that the New World Order would be totalitarian in its control of individual citizens, the U.S. Department of Education’s recent release of its handbooks on data-gathering on students and faculty should be enough to satisfy any freedom-loving citizen. The two publications are the Student Data Handbook for Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education (NCES 94–303) released in June 1994, comprised of 226 pages plus about 100 pages of appendices, and the Staff Data Handbook: Elementary, Secondary and Early Childhood Education (NCES 95–327) released in January 1995, comprised of 219 pages and about 70 pages of appendices. Both Handbooks were produced under the auspices of the U.S. Department of Education, the Office of Educational Research and Improvement (OERI), and the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES).
"Accurate and comprehensive information is needed in order to make appropriate cost effective and timely decisions about students within both public and private schools. Teachers, school administrators, school district administrators, school board members, and state and federal education agency personnel must use information about students to plan and carry out programs of learning that meet the needs of children with different abilities and requirements, from divergent backgrounds, and of different ages. School health officials and other service providers also use information about individual students to ensure appropriate services are provided to them. These information needs are being met in an increasing number of instances by automated management information systems that allow data to be analyzed in a variety of ways to address the questions and needs of the decision-makers. A management information system is effective, however, only to the extent that data are consistently entered into the system according to established definitions, data are updated and maintained on a regular basis, and information relevant for ongoing decision-making can be added to the system. This handbook addresses the importance of consistency in how data are defined and maintained within the education system."
Blumenfeld's article documents an diverse array of highly personal information on your child that is being collected by the government. Blumenfeld understands how this is tied all to the behavioral psychology of B.F. Skinner. He wrote:
It is absolutely essential, if we are to remain a free people, that this entire data-collection system be stopped and dismantled. It has no place in a free society. The legislation that authorized it must be repealed or rescinded or defunded. This entire system is based on the need of behavioral scientists for a detailed, longitudinal accumulation of data to verify the [efficacy] of their programs to change human behavior. Benjamin Bloom, the godfather of Outcome-Based Education, wrote in his 1964 book Stability and Change in Human Characteristics:
"We can learn very little about human growth, development, or even about specific human characteristics unless we make full use of the time dimension. Efforts to control or change human behavior by therapy, by education, or by other means will be inadequate and poorly understood until we can follow behavior over a longer period." (p. 5)
That the behaviorist’s purpose of education is to change human behavior was spelled out in Bloom’s Taxonomy of Educational Goals dealing with the affective domain. He was greatly concerned with the need to get control of children as early as possible. He wrote:
"The evidence points out convincingly to the fact that age is a factor operating against attempts to effect a complete or thorough-going reorganization of attitudes and values." (p. 85)
"The evidence collected thus far suggests that a single hour of classroom activity under certain conditions may bring about a major reorganization in cognitive as well as affective behaviors. We are of the opinion that this will prove to be a most fruitful area of research in connection with the affective domain." (p. 88)
"We believe that the early environment is of crucial importance for three reasons. The first is based on the very rapid growth of selected characteristics in the early years and conceives of the variations in the early environment as so important because they shape these characteristics in their most rapid periods of formation.
"Secondly, each characteristic is built on a base of that same characteristic at an earlier time or on the base of other characteristics which precede it in development….
"A third reason… stems from learning theory. It is much easier to learn something new than it is to stamp out one set of learned behaviors and replace them by a new set." (p. 215)
The data collection system outlined in the Student Handbook will give the behaviorists the vital tool they need to hone their ability to thoroughly reorganize the values, attitudes and behaviors of the American student. God help us if this system is implemented.
*from The Blumenfeld Education Newsletter, October 1995 (Vol. 10, No. 10, Letter #109). All bold and color emphasis in this post is added.
The following information is from Jed Brown's report "The 'Skinner Box' School" which is reproduced in its entirety as Appendix XX in my book the deliberate dumbing down of america. This will be very helpful for those who have never been taught about behavioral psychology. If you want to understand what is happening to children, this briefly tells the story:
Three different types of psychological conditioning have invaded schools with Outcome- Based Education and education reform. Each type has its specified purpose in controlling the behavior, and therefore the minds, attitudes, and values of our young. The first is Classical Conditioning, developed by a Russian physiologist named Ivan Pavlov only a few years before Watson’s conception of Behaviorism. The second, credited to B.F. Skinner, is Operant or Instrumental Conditioning. The third, attributed to Albert Bandura, is Observational Learning. Each of these Behaviorist conditioning approaches is woven through the OBE reforms of education to accomplish only one thing: to control attitudes by controlling behavior.
Classical, or Pavlovian Conditioning can be defined as creating a relatively permanent change in behavior by the association of a new stimulus with an old stimulus that elicits a particular response. Working on physiology experiments, Pavlov noted that each time the dogs he used as subjects were to be fed they began to salivate. He identified the food as the “old” stimulus and the salivation as the response, or behavior. Pavlov rang a bell each time the food was presented to the dogs. The bell was identified as the “new” stimulus. After several pairings of the bell and the food, he found that the dogs would salivate with the bell alone. A change in behavior had occurred.
All well and good, but what do dogs, food, saliva, and bells have to do with changing attitudes in children? Just like Pavlov’s dogs, children’s behavior patterns can be changed with Classical Conditioning. Upon sufficient pairings, a child will associate old behavior patterns and consequent attitudes with new stimuli. The Pavlovian approach is therefore a potent weapon for those who wish to change the belief structures of our children. Further, Classical Conditioning may be used to set children up for further conditioning that is necessary for more complex attitude shifts. The method is being used to desensitize children to certain issues that heretofore would have been considered inappropriate for school-age children.
One example of an attitude change by Pavlovian conditioning revolves around the word “family.” The term “family,” as it is applied to the home setting, is used as the old stimulus. The allegiance to parents and siblings that is normally associated with the term “family” may be thought of as the response, or behavior. With the current education reform movement the child is told by the teacher that the school class is now the family. Thus, the term “class” may be thought of as the new stimulus. By continually referring to the class or classroom as the family, an attitude change takes place. By association, the child is conditioned to give family allegiance to the class and teacher.
An example of desensitizing children through Classical Conditioning can be seen in the inclusion of gender orientation within the curriculum. The school setting may be thought of as the old stimulus. The formal school setting carries with it a whole set of emotional-behavioral responses, or behaviors. There is an air of authority and legitimacy that is attached to those subjects included in the curriculum. This feeling of legitimacy can be considered a behavioral response. By placing the topic of gender orientation into the curriculum, it is associated with legitimacy of the school settings. Thus, children are desensitized to a topic that is different from the traditional value structure, and hence they are predisposed to further conditioning.
The real meat and potatoes of Outcome-Based Education is Operant Conditioning, or Rat Psychology, so called because B.F. Skinner used rats as his experimental subjects. A “Skinner Box,” a box containing a press bar and a place to dispense a food pellet, is used to condition the rat to press the bar (the behavior). A food pellet (the stimulus) is used to reinforce the desired behavior, pressing the bar. The rat, having no idea what to expect, is placed in the box. Once in the box, the rat’s movements are exploratory and random. As soon as the rat looks towards the bar, the experimenter releases a food pellet. After eating the food the rat resumes his random movement. Another look, another pellet. Another look, another pellet.
Once the rat is trained to look at the bar, he is required to approach the bar before the pellet is delivered. The rat must then come closer and closer to the bar each time before reinforcement is given. Over time, the rat’s behavior is slowly shaped by the experimenter; each trial the rat successively approximates more closely the ultimate behavior of pressing the bar. Eventually the well-conditioned rat will continually press the bar as fast as he can eat. Operant Conditioning is, therefore, defined as a relatively permanent change in behavior by successive approximations through repeated trials using positive or negative reinforcements.
The concept of “successive approximation” is key to understanding the use of Operant Conditioning with Outcome-Based Education. Just as for the rat, the experimenter (the State) establishes the ultimate goals for children (pressing the bar). OBE requires that specific behavioral outcomes be designed such that the children must master each outcome in succession. The outcomes are designed in a spiral fashion, such that as the child goes further in school, the outcomes more closely approximate the ultimate goals. As children master an outcome, the reinforcement is found in approval (food pellets). Another outcome, more approval. Another outcome, more approval (successive approximation). When the Skinner Box experiment is complete, our children, like rats, will dance to the tune of the State.
Observational Learning, although it does not carry the name conditioning, has been described by Dollard and Miller as a special case of Operant Conditioning. It is Operant Conditioning applied to social behavior. Observational Learning is the twenty-five cent word for modeling. There are two purposes for Observational Learning in the schools. First, it is a method used to condition a host of social behaviors, like parenting styles, gender roles, problem-solving strategies, and discipline boundaries. Second, it is used as reinforcer of the behaviors and attitudes previously conditioned with Classical and Operant Conditioning.
According to Observational Learning, people model the behavior of those within their “reference groups.” Under normal conditions, the child’s primary reference group is the family. Nevertheless, children are being conditioned with Classical methods to shift allegiance to their new school family, their new reference group. Once the new group is established, schools use surveys to gauge attitudes and then orchestrate the conditioning process through Observational Learning. Relying almost exclusively on cooperative learning (group learning), OBE reforms unfortunately use Observational Learning to establish and enforce the proper behaviors and attitudes through peer pressure and a forced “group think” process.
The idea that our schools are not dealing in attitudes and values is ludicrous. The psychologists have ripped the schools from parents and teachers alike. Their only objective is to create children who may look different, but behave the same, think the same, and believe the same. They shall create in each child the “perfect child.” Like John B. Watson, they shall create children as they see fit. They shall do it with conditioning, not teaching. Is it any wonder that our schools are failing to educate children when we use rats as the example of exemplary learning? Welcome to the “Brave New World.” Welcome to the “SKINNER BOX SCHOOL.” [all emphases added]
LAWRENCE P. GRAYSON OF THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION, U.S. DEPARTMENT OF Education, wrote “Education, Technology, and Individual Privacy” (ECTJ, Vol. 28, No. 3, pp. 195–208) in 1976. The following are some excerpts from this important paper which serves as a clear warning regarding the indiscriminate use of behaviorist methods and technology:
The right to privacy is based on a belief in the essential dignity and worth of the individual. Modern technological devices, along with advances in the behavioral sciences, can threaten the privacy of students. Fortunately, invasions of privacy in education have not been widespread. However, sufficient violations have been noted to warrant specific legislation and to promote a sharp increase in attention to procedures that will ensure protection of individual privacy. Technology that can reveal innermost thoughts and motives or can change basic values and behaviors, must be used judiciously and only by qualified professionals under strictly controlled conditions. Education includes individuals and educational experimentation is human experimentation. The educator must safeguard the privacy of students and their families....
Privacy has been defined as “the right to be let alone” (Cooley, 1888) and as the “right to the immunity of the person—the right to one’s personality” (Warren and Brandeis, 1890). Individuals have the right to determine when, how, and to what extent they will share themselves with others. It is their right to be free from unwarranted or undesired revelation of personal information to others, to participate or withdraw as they see fit, and to be free of unwarranted surveillance through physical, psychological, or technological means.
We are rapidly entering the age of no privacy; when everyone is open to surveillance at all times; when there are no secrets from the government.... [There is] an alarming trend whereby the privacy and dignity of our citizens is being whittled away by sometimes imperceptible steps. Taken individually, each step may be of little consequence. But when viewed as a whole, there begins to emerge a society quite unlike any we have seen—a society in which government may intrude into the secret regions of a man’s life at will.
Behavioral science, which is assuming an increasing role in educational technology, promises to make educational techniques more effective by recognizing individual differences among students and by patterning instruction to meet individual needs. However, behavioral science is more than an unbiased means to an end. It has a basic value position (Skinner, 1971) based on the premise that such “values as freedom and democracy, which imply that the individual ultimately has free will and is responsible for his own actions, are not only cultural inventions, but illusions” (Harman, 1970). This position is contradictory to the basic premise of freedom and is demeaning to the dignity of the individual. Behavioral science inappropriately applied can impinge on individual values without allowing for personal differences and in education can violate the privacy of the student....
There is a large portion of his inner world which the person discloses to a few confidential friends and shields against the intrusion of others. Certain [other] matters are kept secret at any price and in regard to anyone. Finally, there are other matters which the person is unable to consider.... And just as it is illicit to appropriate another’s goods or to make an attempt on his bodily integrity without his consent, so it is not permissible to enter into his inner domain against his will, whatever is the technique or method used....
Whatever the motivations of the teacher or researcher, an individual’s privacy must take precedence over effective teaching, unless good cause can be shown to do otherwise. Good cause, however, does not relieve the teacher or school administrator from the responsibility of safeguarding the privacy of the student and the family. Yet, many teachers and administrators remain insensitive to the privacy implications of behavioral science and modern technology in education....
Intent on improving education, educators, scientists, and others concerned with the development and application of technology are often insensitive to the issues of privacy raised by the use of their techniques. For example, many psychological and behavioral practices have been introduced on the ground that they will make education more efficient or effective. However, improvements in efficiency through technological applications can reinforce these practices without regard to their effects. What is now being done in education could be wrong, especially if carried out on a massive scale. As the use of technology becomes more widespread, we may reach the point where errors cannot be detected or corrected. This is especially important because technology interacts with society and culture to change established goals and virtues. Propagating an error on a national level could change the original goals to fit the erroneous situation. The error then becomes acceptable by default.
In developing and applying technology to education, potential effects must be analyzed, so that negative possibilities can be identified and overcome before major resources are committed to projects that could produce undesirable long-term social consequences.
In matters affecting privacy it is better to err on the side of the individual, than on that of research or improved educational practice. Violations of privacy can never be fully redressed.
Ftnt. No. 14. Privacy is a constitutionally protected right; education is not. The Supreme Court ruled in Griswold v. Connecticut (decided in 1965) that the right of privacy is guaranteed by the Constitution. In Rodriguez v. San Antonio Independent School District (decided in 1973), the Court ruled that education is not a protected right under the Constitution.
We interrupt the current Skinner Horror Files series to announce that the Libertarian candidate for governor in New York state has just quoted Charlotte in his opposition to charter schools!
"I don't agree with that...not for one minute. You know what charter schools are? Charter schools are publicly-funded schools. They have no local control. Charlotte Iserbyt, former U.S. Education Secretary (wrong title!), under Ronald Reagan, said
"Think about that for a minute. We cannot have charter schools expanded. We need to bring schools back to local control, to the local people - local school boards. There is no local school board with charter schools. I know that Mr. Astorino has come through with "Stop Common Core" and all that might be true, but he seems to support charter schools. We will see about that when he speaks today. Charter Schools is terrible. It takes away the people's control of education.
My little girl, Gracie...she is not going to a charter school. I will home school before she goes to a charter school. I want local control. I am the parent; my wife is the parent. I want us to control our children's education. I want local control. Local school board and teachers being allowed to teach. That doesn't happen with charter schools and it won't."
Over the years one has seen the departure of many talented teachers who have left the profession due to Skinnerian Performance-based Teacher Education. Teaching used to be a joyful job in a creative environment where students thrived on learning and applying that knowledge to real life situations. B.F. Skinner stole that joy. In performanace-based instruction, there is a narrow scripted learning process with behavioral outcomes that have been predetermined. Below is an indication of why so many teachers felt they needed to leave the profession.
The following quotes are excerpted from Appendix VII in my book the deliberate dumbing down of america. This comes from a vintage 1971 report that spells out in alarming detail the pervasive influence of Skinner. Not only students would be required to be "performance-based," but also the teachers. The title of the report says it all -- Performance-based Teacher Education: What Is the State of the Art?, Stanley Elam, Ed. (Phi Delta Kappan Publications: Washington, D.C., 1971).*
The Association is pleased to offer to the teacher education community the Committee’s first state-of-the-art paper. In performance-based programs performance goals are specified, and agreed to, in rigorous detail in advance of instruction. The student must either be able to demonstrate his ability to promote desirable learning or exhibit behavior known to promote it. He is held accountable, not for passing grades, but for attaining a general level of competency in performing the essential tasks of teaching…. Emphasis is on demonstrated product or output. Acceptance of this basic principle has program implications that are truly revolutionary....
[T]he student’s rate of progress through the program is determined by demonstrated competency rather than by time or course completion.... Instruction is individualized and personalized.... Because time is a variable, not a constant, and because students may enter with widely differing backgrounds and purposes, instruction is likely to be highly personand situation-specific.... The learning experience of the individuals is guided by feedback....
[T]eaching competencies to be demonstrated are role-derived, specified in behavioral terms, and made public; assessment criteria are competency-based, specify mastery levels, and made public; assessment requires performance as prime evidence, takes student knowledge into account; student’s progress rate depends on demonstrated competency; instructional program facilitates development and evaluation of specific competencies....
The application of such a systematic strategy to any human process is called the systems approach.... We cannot be sure that measurement techniques essential both to objectivity and to valid assessment of affective and complex cognitive objectives will be developed rapidly enough for the new exit requirements to be any better than the conventional letter grades of the past. Unless heroic efforts are made on both the knowledge and measurement fronts, then PBTE may well have a stunted growth....
1) the fact that its focus on objectives and its emphasis upon the sharing process by which those objectives are formulated in advance are made explicit and used as the basis for evaluating performance;
2) the fact that a large share of the responsibility for learning is shifted from teacher to student;
3) the fact that it increases efficiency through systematic use of feedback, motivating and guiding learning efforts of prospective teachers;
4) the fact that greater attention is given to variation among individual abilities, needs, and interests;
5) the fact that learning is tied more directly to the objectives to be achieved than to the learning resources utilized to attain them;
10) the fact that it provides better bases for designing research about teaching performance. These advantages would seem sufficient to warrant and ensure a strong and viable movement.
Among the most difficult questions asked about the viability of performance-based instruction as the basis for substantial change in teacher preparatory programs are these:
Will it tend to produce technicians, paraprofessionals, teacher aides, etc., rather than professionals?… These questions derive from the fact that while performance-based instruction eliminates waste in the learning process through clarity in definition of goods, it can be applied only to learning in which the objectives sought are susceptible of definition in advance in behavioral terms. Thus it is difficult to apply when the outcomes sought are complex and subtle, and particularly when they are affective or attitudinal in character.
Some authorities have expressed the fact that PBTE has an inadequate philosophic base, pointing out that any performance-based system rests on particular values, and the most important of which are expressed in the competencies chosen and in the design of the learning activities.
...4) There are political aspects to the question of how far the professor’s academic freedom and the student’s right to choose what he wishes to learn extend in PBTE.
5) …The mere adoption of a PBTE program will eliminate some prospective students because they do not find it appealing. The question remains: Will these be the students who should be eliminated?…
7) PBTE removes students regularly from the campus into field settings and emphasizes individual study and progress rather than class-course organization, thus tends to isolate the people involved. We live in a period when such isolation is not a popular social concept, and since many aspects of the PBTE approach could be conceived as Skinnerian, dehumanizing etc., it is important that programs be managed in such a way as to minimize isolation?…
9) Finally, there is a need to overcome the apathy, threat, anxiety, administrative resistance, and other barriers that stand in the way of moving toward PBTE and toward performance-based teaching in the schools.
*This excerpt was reformatted and emphasized for blog posting. Paper prepared for the Committee on Performance-based Teacher Education of the American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education pursuant to a contract with the U.S. Office of Education through the Texas Education Agency, Austin, Texas.
Succession planning can be a challenging and emotional process; it can also be inspiring and enriching. It begins with a look at the values the organization wants to perpetuate and the things board, staff and supporters love and admire about the current leadership. Succession planning builds on the past and present and looks ahead to where the fresh energy and vision of a new leader might take your organization.
Hopefully every organization has some kind of emergency succession plan. This is basically an inventory of all the important file locations, passwords, contacts, contracts, policy numbers and other critical data. It includes who will step in, or up, in the case of a sudden, unplanned loss of leadership.
In the case of a planned executive transition, a thoughtful and thorough succession plan looks at the leadership qualities, management skills and values the organization wants in its next generation of leadership. The process of identifying those attributes represents a rare opportunity to engage with all stakeholders and results in cataloguing the experience, background and traits to look for in candidates. Even when there is a strong internal candidate, the process can identify where she or he might need additional support and training in order to succeed. It also gives departing leaders an opportunity to think about their legacy and plan some next steps.
Consider too, that it is not just the ED at the center of succession planning. The process of succession planning asks many critical questions:
What fundraising and communications opportunities are to be found in honoring a departing ED and celebrating the arrival of a new one?
Should we plan on hiring an Interim ED who can give an unbiased assessment of the state of the organization before deciding on a new permanent ED?
It is often helpful to have an outside consultant facilitate the process. Someone who can keep discussion of these highly charged topics and related issues on neutral ground, have confidential conversations with all involved and keep the succession planning process on time and on track. For one Abdale Consulting client, the data collected during the succession planning process became the basis for a new round of strategic planning once the new executive director was on board.
President Trump said Monday that he has ordered his chief trade negotiator to draw up a list of $200 billion in Chinese products that will be hit with 10 percent tariffs if China refuses to back down in the rapidly escalating trade war between the two countries.
Trump said that if China responds to this fresh round of tariffs, then he will move to counter "by pursuing additional tariffs on another $200 billion of goods".
"Rather than altering those practices, it is now threatening United States companies, workers, and farmers who have done nothing wrong".
"China apparently has no intention of changing its unfair practices related to the acquisition of American intellectual property and technology", Trump said in a statement. Some of those tariffs-which would add 25% to the price of the goods affected at the border- are set to be implemented on July 6. "Trump could put more pressure on other countries like Japan and North Atlantic Treaty Organisation courtiers", said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. He added that China is a "predatory economic government" that is "long overdue in being tackled", matters that include IP theft and Chinese steel and aluminium flooding the U.S. market. "China will not just swallow United States tariffs", said Driscoll. "It's an unprecedented level of larceny".
"The Chinese may just replace some of the American oil with Iranian crude", said John Driscoll, director of consultancy JTD Energy Services. "This is predatory economics 101".
China's threat to impose duties on United States oil imports will hit a business that has soared in the last two years, and which is now worth nearly $1 billion per month.
That proposal would see Europe's south bear the brunt of the inflow of migrants and refugees. The two parties are part of the same overall coalition running Germany.
The curfew restricted Islamic worshipers to pray at Eid prayer grounds near their homes. The community is one of the most affected by the insurgency in Borno State.
The Jesuit pope has integrated his opposition to abortion into his broader condemnation of what he calls today's "throwaway culture".
A cut in Chinese purchases of U.S. oil may also benefit Iran's sales, which Washington is trying to curb with new sanctions it announced in May.
"We were actually preparing to raise imports according to an earlier government line", he added, referring to a Beijing policy enacted earlier this year to help reduce the USA trade deficit with China. China is retaliating by raising import duties on US$34 billion worth of American goods, including soybeans, electric cars and whiskey.
The exchange of blows between Washington and Beijing has heightened fears of a protracted dispute that could hurt global growth and particularly Europe, given that Trump has signalled he wants to impose tariffs on automotive exports.
Pompeo on Monday described USA actions as "economic diplomacy", which, when done right, strengthens national security and global alliances, he added.
"Further action must be taken to encourage China to change its unfair practices, open its market to United States goods, and accept a more balanced trade relationship with the United States", Trump said in a statement.
XXXTentacion has made headlines in recent months for a string of legal problems stemming from a 2016 domestic violence arrest. The rapper XXXTentacion , who was shot this afternoon in South Florida in an apparent robbery , has died, TMZ is reporting .
The toxic pant has thick leaves stretching five feet wide and large clusters of white flowers on the top in an umbrella pattern. Officials in Virginia have confirmed a giant weed that can cause third-degree burns and blindness has been found in the state.
Prime Minister Theresa May addressed Billy's case during her announcement of £20bn worth of new NHS funding. She is demanding a meeting with the Mr Javid and Mr Hunt to ensure that "no more medicine is confiscated".
According to Musk's email, the unnamed employee claimed he had become disgruntled after failing to receive a promotion. He named Wall Street short-sellers, oil and gas companies and other automakers.
The Goodman family says they are reaching out to another insurance provider for help. Now the insurance company wants the family to be 132-thousand dollars for negligence.
The Spurs have other draft prospects to evaluate in the meantime, as they now hold the No. 18 pick in the first round. Any NBA GM should, of course, ask themselves this question before they trade or sign a player.
Bernthal's recent projects include Netflix's The Punisher and a guest star role on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . AMC have not commented on the reports and it is not known what circumstances will lead to his return.
The EU will not formally ratify the transition deal without reaching an agreement on the details of the backstop plan . The commission described EU's own backstop proposals as a "timely and workable solution".
Immigration advocates and Democrats say the administration has made it exceedingly hard to claim asylum at official ports of entry.
The World Health Organisation ( WHO ) will officially be classing addiction to video games as a disorder from today. ICD-11, which has been over a decade in the making, provides significant improvements on previous versions.
At least, that's the big takeaway from the fact that his joint album with wife Beyoncé is already available on Apple Music . In the song, she sings: "If I gave two fucks - two fucks about streaming numbers/ Would have put Lemonade up on Spotify".
She said it happened "out of the blue" and that it wasn't the result of an accident. "It was a normal Tesla", tweeted McCormack. She posted a video of the vehicle stopped at the side of the road with flames and smoke coming from underneath it.
You were the least sick of all the people who were here who are dying ", Keegstra snaps, leaning over his hospital bed. Donald Bardwell told The Chronicle that Keegstra was accusatory from the start. " I'm sorry, sir.
We haven't seen confirmation of Uber's removal from Google, so we don't know the reasoning behind it or exactly when it happened. Have a low-end phone or tiny data cap? The feature was available for a little over a year, going live back in January of 2017.
Organizers said on Facebook Sunday the remainder of the festival has been cancelled and they are "still processing much of this". Twenty-two people were injured and one suspect is dead after a shooting at an all-night art event in Trenton, N.J.
Mulvaney has been praised by Republican lawmakers for reining in an agency they saw as unaccountable, while liberals led by Sen. He's frozen data collection in the name of security, dropped enforcement cases, and directed staff to slash next year's budget.
The plane was headed to the city of Rostov-on-Don, where Saudi Arabia will play their second Group A clash against Uruguay . It is understood the plane is 12-years-old and players filmed themselves calmly leaving the aircraft after their ordeal.
When contacted by Variety , Locklear's publicist noted that the actress is on hiatus, and had no further information. We're told both the Ventura County Fire and Sheriff's Departments responded to Locklear's home.
Russian police said one of the men was taken to hospital following an incident that saw him cut himself on a carriage door.
I can't think of an act that is more cruel , that is more evil than to rip a child from their parents", Gutierrez said. She wrote , "this zero-tolerance policy is cruel ". "We pride ourselves on acceptance", she wrote. "It is immoral .
The last time Tunisia and England met was in a group stage game at the 1998 World Cup , which the Three Lions won 2-0. Harry Kane has fired England to a 2-1 win in their World Cup opener, scoring an injury time victor to sink Tunisia .
If you don't see that in your app quite yet, Google says it's rolling it out to users starting today and over this coming week. You can now preview links within conversations, too, so that you can decide whether you want to click on it or not.
The local police there handed him over to Israel after refusing to admit him into the country based on his criminal record. Later he even traveled twice to meetings in Iran with his operators, whom he knew were Iranian intelligence officers.
In an interview with Good Morning Britain , Markle said watching the ceremony from the TV of a Bed and Breakfast was hard for him. Thomas said that Meghan had "been a princess since the day she was born", gushing: 'He made a good pick, didn't he?'.
Their public denials weren't "I don't recall"; they were "It didn't happen". Stone was introduced to Greenberg by another Trump aide, Michael Caputo .
A man who was shot Monday afternoon in Deerfield Beach is South Florida-born rapper XXXTENTACION , TMZ reported. He was recently on house arrest but was released so he can embark on touring duties.
Please take a moment to read the rules before sharing any scripts or replying to any posts in this forum.
Since your questions may also be of benefit to others please post them to the board in place of a PM.
Become an Official Ustream Volunteer Helper! Review the requirements and qualifications and submit an application.
Ustream is a trademark of Ustream, Inc. All other trademarks and tradenames are property of their respective owners. Ustream-Helpers.com is not owned or managed by Ustream or Ustream, Inc.
The opinions expressed here do not necessarily represent any other entity or party we may or may not have a connection or affiliation with. This web site is provided "as is" with no representations or warranties, and confer no rights. We are not liable for omissions or typographical errors contained in the content. Use at your sole risk.
very large patio rugs cheap outdoor canada,very large patio rugs 8 x rug furniture delightful cheap indoor outdoor canada,very large patio rugs extra outdoor canada fresh the best mat camping,large patio area rugs new extra outdoor design living room very cheap,large outdoor patio rugs home design ideas and pictures canada area extra,large outdoor patio rugs canada extra cheap best images on rug for deck,large patio area rugs cheap outdoor canada marvellous,very large patio rugs cheap outdoor what a stunning with s canada,large patio area rugs cheap extra 5 x 7 outdoor mind blowing lovely rug living room decor with,extra large patio rugs lovely cheap outdoor living room area very.
Automobilemag.com is not affiliated with any gas station or company. Our goal is to provide consumers with gas price data empowering you to save money at the pump during these times of rising fuel prices. It is important to remember that the gas prices at each station are updated often, and therefore the prices listed above may not reflect the actual prices you see when arriving at the gas station in Niles. Based on this and the unstable nature of gas prices, Automobilemag.com makes no guarantee of pricing accuracy. Disclaimer
postage stamp from a 19th century British colony in South America has become the world's most valuable stamp - again.
The 1856 British Guiana One-Cent Magenta sold Tuesday at auction in New York for $9.5 million, Sotheby's said. It was the fourth time the stamp has broken the auction record for a single
The stamp was expected to bring between $10 million and $20 million. Sotheby's said the buyer wished to remain anonymous. The price included the buyer's premium.
"That price will be hard to beat, and likely won't be exceeded unless the British Guiana comes up for sale again in the future," Redden said.
Measuring 1 inch-by-1 1/4 inches, it hasn't been on public view since 1986 and is the only major stamp absent from the British Royal Family's private Royal Philatelic Collection.
The last owner was John E. du Pont, an heir to the du Pont chemical fortune who was convicted of fatally shooting a 1984 Olympic champion wrestler. The stamp was sold by his estate, which will designate part of the proceeds to the Eurasian Pacific Wildlife Conservation
Printed in black on magenta paper, it bears the image of a three-masted ship and the colony's motto, in Latin: "we
give and expect in return." It went into circulation after a shipment of stamps was delayed from London and the postmaster asked printers for the Royal Gazette newspaper in Georgetown in British Guiana to produce three stamps until the shipment arrived: a 1-cent magenta, a 4-cent magenta and a
Its first owner was a 12-year-old Scottish boy living in South America who added it to his collection after finding it among family papers in 1873. He soon sold it for a few shillings to a local collector, Neil McKinnon.
McKinnon kept it for five years before selling it to a Liverpool dealer who recognized the unassuming stamp as highly uncommon. He paid 120 pounds for it and quickly resold it for 150 pounds to Count Philippe la Renotiere von Ferrary, one of
Upon his death in 1917, the count bequeathed his stamp collection to the Postmuseum in Berlin. The collection was later seized by France as war reparations and sold off in a series of 14 auctions with the One-Cent Magenta bringing $35,000 in 1922 - an auction record for a single stamp.
Arthur Hind, a textile magnate from Utica, New York, was the buyer. King George V was an under-bidder. It is the one major piece absent from the Royal Family's heirloom collection, Beech said.
After Hind's death in 1933, the stamp was to be auctioned with the rest of his collection until his wife brought a lawsuit, claiming it was left to her.
The next owner was Frederick Small, an Australian engineer living in Florida who purchased it privately from Hind's widow for $45,000 in 1940. Thirty years later, he consigned the stamp to a New York auction where it was purchased by an investment consortium for $280,000 -
Back of stamp showing the marking and signatures of previous owners. Back of stamp showing markings: two stamps of Ferrari's trefoil mark; a large faint "H" of Arthur Hind; a small "FK" of Finnbar Kenny, the stamp manager at Macy's who brokered its sale by Hind's widow; a small shooting star added by Frederic Small; a penciled "IW" by Irwin Weinberg ($280,000 in 1970); a large penciled "J E d P", initials of DuPont. ($935,000 in 1980)
Published January 24, 2012 at 3888 × 2592 in Follow Up: Drywall Taping COMMERCIAL Project in Roncesvalles Village
Healthcare and adequate nutrition are basic human necessities which everyone should have access to. Unfortunately, for many they are merely unaﬀordable luxuries. One of the banes of modern medicine is the exorbitant cost of remedy that has rendered medical services in many parts of the world inaccessible to the poor. The consequences of this situation are dire indeed as easily preventable and treatable diseases are causing death and unnecessary long term suﬀering to millions.
Universal access to education and healthcare are fundamental necessities for any society to progress. No nation has achieved a developed status without fulﬁlling these two basi requirements. c Without good health, the survival and economic selfsuﬃciency of individuals and their communities are in jeopardy. This is because apart from the straightforward thesis that links healthcare to the well-being of citizens, it also enhances the productive capacity of its population thereby enhancing economic growth.
India’s healthcare infrastructure is largely inadequate to serve its vast population. To begin with, the total number of hospitals and healthcare professionals, public and private included, fall short of addressing the total demand for healthcare services, despite being large in numbers. According to the latest KPMG report, around 80 per cent of all doctors and 75 per cent of dispensaries serve 28 per cent of the country’s population.
Dismal healthcare expenditure has aggravated the inadequacy of our healthcare infrastructure. India accounts for over 17 per cent of the world’s population while spending less than 1 per cent of the world’s total health expenditure. Our total healthcare expenditure stands at 4.1 per cent of GDP, which is among the lowest in the world.
Responding to this need, Human Welfare Foundation (HWF) implements a wide array of health and nutrition projects, providing basic and supplementary medical services for HWF is populations in dire need. committed to the provision of quality healthcare and nutritious food to those who are most in need. Our Health & Medical programmes aim to provide primary healthcare facilities for those who are deprived of this basic necessity.
HWF also conducts training for doctors, provides hospital medical equipment and develop health awareness programme. Our other projects include organiz medical ing camps, blood donation camps donat , ing medicines and providing low cost mobile
#PressCoverage || MediaoneTV​ ദിഹാദില്‍ ഇന്ത്യന്‍ സാന്നിധ്യമായി 'വിഷന്‍ 2026', 'പീപ്പിള്‍സ് ഹോം' പദ്ധതികള്‍ 'Vision 2026' and 'People's Home' plans for Indian presence in Dihad YouTube: https://youtu.be/Lr7tJIyGuVE
Professor Acharya has written numerous articles on international law, Constitutional law, administrative law, and comparative law as well as presented papers and delivered lectures in national and international conferences in the North and South America, Asia, Europe, and Middle East. He has represented landmark cases in the Supreme Court of Nepal, including daughters’ right to inherent property, and the Godabary Marble Case that resulted in the enactment of an Environmental Protection Act in Nepal. He also has worked toward eradicating bonded labor systems in far western areas of Nepal. Professor Acharya has consulted with and has been involved in various NGOs, including ITC/UNCTAD/GATT and OXFAM/Nepal, and also has served as pro tem judge on the Tribal Appeals Court.
1.1 This chapter seeks to identify which medical services GP Practices are obliged to provide as part of NHS funded treatment and where a GP is entitled to refer a patient to another NHS provider. Section 83 of the National Health Service Act 2006[1] (“the NHS Act”) provides:
“The Board[2] must, to the extent that it considers necessary to meet all reasonable requirements, exercise its powers so as to secure the provision of primary medical services throughout England”
1.2 “The Board” in the above section is a reference to the National Health Service Commissioning Board, known as NHS England. The Board is referred to within this chapter as NHS England but citation from statutes refer to it as “the Board”. Section 83(1) means that NHS England is under a statutory duty to secure the provision of primary medical services throughout England. Sections 83(5) and (6) provide:
“(5) Regulations may provide that services of a prescribed description must, or must not, be regarded as primary medical services for the purposes of this Act.
(6) Regulations under this section may in particular describe services by reference to the manner or circumstances in which they are provided”
1.3 The relevant regulations under section 83 are the National Health Service (Primary Medical Services) (Miscellaneous Amendments and Transitional Provisions) Regulations 2013 (“the 2013 Regulations”). However several sets of Regulations were made under the statutory predecessors of section 83[3] which remain in force to the extent that they have not been amended by the 2013 Regulations.
1.4 The 2013 Regulations make extensive changes to the National Health Service (General Medical Services Contracts) Regulations 2004[4] (“the GMS Regulations) and the National Health Service (Personal Medical Services Agreements) Regulations 2004 (the “PMS Regulations”). These Regulations define the contents of GMS and PMS contracts (and have been updated on numerous occasions since they were first published). There are no Regulations for APMS contracts but the form of these contracts usually follows the GMS/PMS model, with amendments made to the model as required.
1.5 The current definitions of what are and are not “primary medical services” for the purposes of section 83 are contained within the GMS Regulations. These Regulations define the services that those delivering primary care within the NHS are obliged to provide. These definitions take effect as terms of practice contracts with NHS England held by GP practices. The definitions of primary medical services include:
2.1 The current definition of “essential services” for primary care is set out at Regulation 15 of the GMS Regulations as follows:
“(1) Subject to paragraph (1A), for the purposes of section 28R(1)[5] of the Act (requirement to provide certain primary medical services), the services which must be provided under a general medical services contract (“essential services”) are the services described in paragraphs (3), (5), (6) and (8).
(1A) The services described in paragraphs (3), (5), (6) and (8) are not required to be provided by the contractor during any period in respect of which the Care Quality Commission has suspended the contractor as a service provider under section 18 of the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (suspension of registration).
(2) Subject to regulation 20, a contractor must provide the services described in paragraphs (3) and (5) throughout the core hours.
(3) The services described in this paragraph are services required for the management of its registered patients and temporary residents who are, or believe themselves to be—
“disease” means a disease included in the list of three-character categories contained in the tenth revision of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems; and
(a) offering consultation and, where appropriate, physical examination for the purpose of identifying the need, if any, for treatment or further investigation; and
(b) the making available of such treatment or further investigation as is necessary and appropriate, including the referral of the patient for other services under the Act and liaison with other health care professionals involved in the patient's treatment and care.
(5) The services described in this paragraph are the provision of appropriate ongoing treatment and care to all registered patients and temporary residents taking account of their specific needs including—
(a) the provision of advice in connection with the patient's health, including relevant health promotion advice; and
2.2 The PMS Regulations do not contain a definition of essential services for primary care. However most PMS contracts provide that GP practices are required to provide essential services following the defined terms set out in the GMS Regulations.
2.3 The above provisions need to be interpreted in the light of the whole of the NHS Act as a whole which divides healthcare services into different categories. Acute medical services come within Part 1 of the NHS Act and primary care services fall within Part 4 of the NHS Act. Other parts of the Act provide for dental and pharmaceutical services to be delivered as part of NHS funded care.
2.4 Although there is an inevitable measure of overlap between acute services and primary care services, where services are classified as “acute services” under Part 1, they are generally not primary care services under Part 4. Acute services are widely defined in section 3(1) of the NHS Act as follows:
(d) such other services or facilities for the care of pregnant women, women who are breastfeeding and young children [as the group considers] are appropriate as part of the health service,
(e) such other services or facilities for the prevention of illness, the care of persons suffering from illness and the after-care of persons who have suffered from illness [as the group considers] are appropriate as part of the health service,
2.5 Where a CCG commissions relevant services under section 3(1) of the NHS Act, a GP can discharge his or her obligations as a provider of primary care by referring an NHS patient onto another NHS provider where his or her patient requires one of those acute services. The “essential services” that are required to be provided by GPs are therefore a much narrower group of services.
2.6 The core requirement on a GP who provides essential services to NHS patients is “the management of” such patients. “Management” of a patient includes:
a) offering consultation and, where appropriate, physical examination for the purpose of identifying the need, if any, for treatment or further investigation; and
b) the making available of such treatment or further investigation as is necessary and appropriate, including the referral of the patient for other services under the Act and liaison with other health care professionals involved in the patient’s treatment and care.
2.7 This is expanded by Regulation 15(5) which provides that management of the GP’s patients includes the provision of appropriate ongoing treatment and care to all registered patients and temporary residents taking account of their specific needs including:
a) the provision of advice in connection with the patient's health, including relevant health promotion advice; and
b) the referral of the patient for other services under the NHS Act (which normally means referral for acute and community services under section 3 of the NHS Act).
2.8 These definitions need little further explanation because they define the essential core obligations of a GP working in the NHS. These are however the contractual obligations that a GP practice owes to NHS England under a GMS Contract or a PMS Contract which imports these definitions. There is a separate legal duty in tort (i.e. negligence) to the patient which exists alongside the contractual duty. The doctor’s duty in tort will obviously be very substantially informed by the contractual duties owed by the practice under the relevant practice contract. How those precise non-contractual duties work themselves out is examined in the chapter on negligence[6].
These are precisely defined terms under the GMS Regulations. For more details about how practice lists operate please see chapter 6.
3.2 The GP practice is not obliged to offer “management services” to every patient on their list for every minute of the core hours (because that would be an impossible task to fulfil and would mean offering services where they were not needed). The contractual duty is to provide services to patients who are, or believe themselves to be:
““illness” includes any disorder or disability of the mind and any injury or disability requiring medical or dental treatment or nursing”
3.4 Thus a GP practice is obliged to see and offer a management services to a patient who believes himself or herself to be ill even if that person is not, in fact, suffering from any diagnosable illness. The wide definition means that, for example, a drug addiction is likely to be an “illness” because drug addiction changes the brain in fundamental ways, disturbing a person's normal hierarchy of needs and desires and substituting new priorities connected with procuring and using the drug. The resulting compulsive behaviours that override the ability to control impulses despite the consequences are similar to hallmarks of other mental illnesses. The behaviour can be classified as an illness in ICM 10 within the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems and thus GP practices have the same management duty to such patients as they have to patients with any other illness.
3.5 A GP is obliged to provide a management service to a patient “in the manner determined by the practice in discussion with the patient”. Thus the patient is entitled to be consulted about the way in which general medical services are provided to the patient but the final decision about the manner in which services should be provided (including the location at which the services should be provided) rests with the GP.
4.1 The GMS Contract (and virtually all PMS Contracts) provides that the contractual duty on the GP practice to provide the essential services is only operative during “core hours”. These hours are defined in Regulation 2 of the GMS Regulations as follows:
“core hours” means the period beginning at 8am and ending at 6.30pm on any day from Monday to Friday except Good Friday, Christmas Day or bank holidays”
4.2 However the GMS Contract does not require the GP practice to make a GP available in person to provide routine services to patients throughout the core hours. Under Regulation 20 the duty to provide services within core hours has 2 parts, namely:
a) to provide the essential services within core hours, “as are appropriate to meet the reasonable needs” of its patients; and
b) to have in place arrangements for its patients to access such services throughout the core hours in case of emergency.
4.3 Thus if GP practice premises are closed at any point during the core hours, the GP practice either must provide a means for patients to be able to access one of the practice GPs throughout that period or must make arrangements with an out of hours provider to provide emergency GP services to patients during that period. There are no set surgery hours within the GMS GP contract but the opening hours need to be sufficient to “meet the reasonable needs of its patients”.
4.4 There is considerable discussion in the professional press about practices which do not provide sufficient surgery slots to meet the needs of patients and thus patients find themselves having to wait for an appointment time. The Labour government had a policy that patients should have a maximum period of waiting of 48 hours before seeing a GP. However that target was abandoned by the coalition government in 2010. The present position is that there is no specific time target but the NHS website states:
“Your surgery should be able to offer you an appointment to see a GP or other healthcare professional quickly if necessary. However, if it is more convenient, you should also be able to book appointments in advance”
4.5 GP practices which fail to provide a sufficient number of surgery appointments to meet the reasonable needs of their patient populations are probably acting in breach of the contractual requirement to provide services to “meet the reasonable needs of its patients” and could find that NHS England serves a Remedial Notice to require them to extend the number of surgery appointments.
5.1 Patients who seek assistance from their GP are ill (or at least consider themselves to be ill). Some of these patients will be too ill to be able to attend the surgery premises or, if they have an infectious condition, it may not be medically appropriate for them to attend the GP surgery because they may spread their condition to other patients. Thus treating patients at their own home has always been part of the work of a GP.
5.2 The GMS and PMS contracts have the following provisions which define when a GP is obliged to treat a patient outside the surgery premises:
“(1) In the case of a patient whose medical condition is such that in the reasonable opinion of the contractor—
the contractor shall provide services to that patient at whichever in its judgement is the most appropriate of the places set out in sub-paragraph (2).
(b) such other place as the contractor has informed the patient and the Board is the place where it has agreed to visit and treat the patient; or
(a) arranging for the referral of a patient without first seeing the patient, in a case where the medical condition of that patient makes that course of action appropriate; or
(b) visiting the patient in circumstances where this paragraph does not place it under an obligation to do so”
5.3 Thus a patient is entitled to medical treatment from the GP practice if, in the reasonable opinion of the GP practice, two conditions are satisfied, namely:
5.4 At the stage that the GP is making this assessment it is likely that the GP will not have seen the patient and therefore can only make this decision based upon the information that the patient has given to the GP practice (or has been provided on the patient’s behalf) and on the medical history of the patient as set out in the notes. It seems clear however that the decision whether to make a home visit is a matter for the GP’s judgment and is not something that could properly be left to reception staff or even the practice nurse because the contract requires the contractor to make the assessment. The first test is whether the patient requires “attendance” which must mean whether the patient has a need for the provision of the type of patient management services defined in the essential services. The second test is whether it is inappropriate for the patient to attend at the practice premises. There is no limit to the reasons why a GP might consider that it could be inappropriate for the patient to attend at the practice premises. It may be that the patient is too ill to attend, has an infectious illness which makes it inappropriate to attend or has a medical such as agoraphobia which makes it difficult for the patient to attend the surgery. This provision could also be used to manage a violent patient who the GP practice does not wish to remove from its list but nonetheless wishes to treat in a location where there is a measure of protection for the GP (such as a room at a local police station if he police were to agree to that arrangement).
5.5 Once the GP practice has reached the opinion that the patient needs treatment (from a GP) outside the surgery, the place at which the GP must offer treatment is set out in the Regulations. It must be offered at the “most appropriate” of the following places:
5.6 The final provision appears to be a catch all provision but that place must still pass the test of being the most appropriate place to provide services to the patient.
5.7 A GP practice which asserted that it did not offer home visits under any circumstances or applied a requirement for a patient who sought a home visit which was different to those set out above would be acting in breach of contract and could, in an extreme case, have the contract cancelled by NHS England.
6.1 Until 2004 GP practices were required to provide essential service to patients at all times of the day and night. Many practices used deputising services to provide services to patients outside of core hours. Thus, in practice, prior to 2004 many patients would not see their family doctor if they sought GP services out of hours (OOH”). However as part of the changes in 2004 GP practices were entitled to opt-out of responsibility for providing OOH services. The vast majority of GP practices did so and accordingly the responsibility for OOH GP provision fell to primary care trusts to arrange.
6.2 The present duty to commission OOH primary care services lies with the CCG and not NHS England. It follows that CCGs need to be careful to observe the rules on conflicts of interest in any contract process where one of the bidders includes GPs who work within a local GP practice (and are therefore members of the CCG).
6.3 Primary care trusts entered into contracts with a wide range of OOH providers. Some were GP co-operatives such as Devon Doctors, who arranged for out of hours cover to be provided by their on GP members or by GPs who were contracted to the service provider. There have been a series of scandals and problems with OOH providers, such as the case involving a German doctor, Dr Daniel Ubani, who came to the UK for the weekend to do a double OOH shift and gave a patient 10 times the normal dose of morphine, resulting in the death of the patient. There have also been serious problems with OOH providers failing properly to record management data and thus seeking to hide their shortcomings.
6.4 A GP practice that does provide OOH services must meet the quality requirements set out in the document entitled “National Quality Requirements in the Delivery of Out of Hours Services” published on 20th July 2006: see paragraph 11 of Schedule 6 to the GMS Regulations.
6.5 The government has indicated its intention to move responsibility for out of hours cover back to GP practices. If this happens it seems highly unlikely that GP practices will agree to cover all OOH periods themselves, and is far more likely that contracts with local OOH providers will remain in place. However, even if a GP practice has a contract in place, GP practices will remain contractually liable to NHS England to provide these services.
7.1 GPs are not para-medics and will not usually be called to a medical emergency within their practice area. However the GMS Regulations provide that GP practices must provide a limited range of emergency services. Regulations 15(6) and (7) provide:
“(6) A contractor must provide primary medical services required in core hours for the immediately necessary treatment of any person to whom the contractor has been requested to provide treatment owing to an accident or emergency at any place in its practice area.
(7) In paragraph (6), “emergency” includes any medical emergency whether or not related to services provided under the contract”
7.2 This is an obligation to react to requests for assistance made at any time throughout the core hours. The contractual duty to provide services only comes into effect if the GP practice has been “requested” to provide emergency primary care services in the event of an accident or emergency taking place anywhere in the practice area. The identity of the person making the request is not specified in the Regulations and the request therefore could be made by the police, fire brigade, paramedics or a member of the public (whether a patient on the practice list or not). The Regulation does not specify what sort of service the GP is required to provide beyond saying that the GP must provide primary medical services. Thus the GP has to provide the same type of “management” services for the patient in an emergency situation as he or she would provide in the surgery. This includes:
a) physical examination for the purpose of identifying the need, if any, for treatment or further investigation; and
7.3 It seems clear that, in order to comply with the contractual obligation, the practice would have to send out a qualified GP who could administer such services as could be reasonably expected from a GP as opposed to a specialist in emergency medicine. The contractual obligation is likely to be fulfilled if the GP arrives at the scene of the accident or emergency reasonably promptly and provides a primary medical service whilst, at the same time, calling for help from specialist emergency practitioners.
7.4 The second type of emergency service that a GP practice is required to provide “immediately necessary treatment” to someone who is not on the list of patients for the practice and is not a temporary patient but who comes within certain specified categories. Regulation 15(8) to (10) provides the contractual duty is as follows:
“(8) A contractor must provide primary medical services required in core hours for the immediately necessary treatment of any person falling within paragraph (9) who requests such treatment, for the period specified in paragraph (10).
(a) whose application for inclusion in the contractor's list of patients has been refused in accordance with paragraph 17 of Schedule 6 and who is not registered with another provider of essential services (or their equivalent) . . .;
(b) whose application for acceptance as a temporary resident has been rejected under paragraph 17 of Schedule 6; or
(a) in the case of paragraph (9)(a), 14 days beginning with the date on which that person's application was refused or until that person has been subsequently registered elsewhere for the provision of essential services (or their equivalent), whichever occurs first;
(b) in the case of paragraph (9)(b), 14 days beginning with the date on which that person's application was rejected or until that person has been subsequently accepted elsewhere as a temporary resident, whichever occurs first; and
(c) in the case of paragraph (9)(c), 24 hours or such shorter period as the person is present in the contractor's practice area”
a) It is not a duty to provide a full primary care service to these patients but only to provide immediately necessary treatment to such patients. There is clearly a measure of judgment that the GP practice will have to make as to what services are within this requirement and which services can be left for another GP to provide in due course;
b) The duty is limited to those categories of patients set out in Regulation 15(9) namely individuals who have applied to join the practice list and been refused, who have been rejected as temporary residents or are in the practice area for less than 24 hours;
c) The duty is time limited in that for patients who have been rejected from the practice list either as permanent or temporary patients, the duty only lasts for a maximum of 14 days but can come to an end if the patient secures another GP in that period and, in the case of a person only in the practice area for 24 hours, is limited to a maximum of 24 hours.
7.6 A person who has been accepted onto the practice list and is then removed from the list because, for example, the patient has been violent to staff members, does not come within Regulation 15(8) of the GMS Regulations unless that person applies to re-join the practice list and is refused. Equally, a person who has applied to join the practice list but has not yet been accepted or refused does not come with this provision. The GP practice is therefore under no contractual duty to provide services to such a patient.
7.7 The Regulations do not explain what happens if, at the end of the 14 day period, the rejected patient presents at the surgery seeking a further course of “immediately necessary treatment”. It seems likely that the duty under Regulation 15(8) of the GMS Regulations is a “one off” duty to an individual and that, once the period specified in Regulation 15(10) has ended the GP practice has no further duty to provide medical services to that individual. If it were otherwise a patient who had been refused entry onto the practice list as a result of violence to staff could, for example, keep seeking services under this provision and thus remain a threat to staff.
8.1 Essential services are the range of services that GP practices are obliged to provide as a minimum to their practice patients and temporary residents. However GP practices can contract to provide extra services to patients and thus avoid the need for the GP practice to refer patients who need such services elsewhere. Services which are extra to the essential services (as described above) are classified as “additional services” and “enhanced services”. GP practices are not obliged to contract to provide additional services but they are paid additional sums (usually as part of the global sum) where they agree to do so.
8.3 The standard GMS Contract provides details of the way in which each of services are required to be provided. Hence, for example, GP practices that agree to provide contraceptive services are required to provide services in the following way:
“The Contractor shall make available the following services to all of its patients who request such services:
(c) the treatment of such patients for contraceptive purposes and the prescribing of contraceptive substances and appliances (excluding the fitting and implanting of intrauterine devices and implants);
(d) the giving of advice about emergency contraception and where appropriate, the supplying or prescribing of emergency hormonal contraception or, where the Contractor has a conscientious objection to emergency contraception, prompt referral to another provider of primary medical services who does not have such conscientious objections;
(e) the provision of advice and referral in cases of unplanned or unwanted pregnancy, including advice about the availability of free pregnancy testing in the practice area and, where appropriate, where the Contractor has a conscientious objection to the termination of pregnancy, prompt referral to another provider of primary medical services who does not have such conscientious objections;
(f) the giving of initial advice about sexual health promotion and sexually transmitted infections; and
(g) the referral as necessary for specialist sexual health services, including tests for sexually transmitted infections”
8.4 There are extended definitions in the Standard Contract for the services to be provided by GP practices that contract to provide other additional services.
8.5 The contract can specific that the GP practice should provide additional services to the practice patients and persons accepted by the GP practice as temporary residents. However the GMS contract can also be extended so that such services are provided to a wider range of patients. Hence, for example, a GP practice could develop a specialism in minor surgery or be contracted to provide contraceptive services to a wider range of patients than just those on its practice list.
essential services, additional services or out of hours services or an element of such a service that a contractor agrees under a contract to provide in accordance with
specifications set out in a plan, which requires of the contractor an enhanced level of service provision compared to that which it needs generally to provide in relation to that service or element of service;
9.2 There is no limit on the type of enhanced services that a commissioner and a GP practice can agree to be provided to NHS patients, provided that the service can properly be considered to be part of the health service. The terms fall to be agreed between the commissioner and the provider.
10.1 Part 1 of Schedule 6 to the GMS Regulations provide a list of other services that GMS contracts must specify all GMS practices must provide to their patients. There is a similar list in the PMS Regulations. The following paragraphs summarise these requirements.
10.2 Premises: The contract provides that the contractor shall ensure that the premises used for the provision of services under the contract are:
10.3 Telephone lines: NHS GP practices are prohibited from using premium rate telephone numbers which start with the digits 087, 090 or 091 or consists of a personal number, unless the service is provided free to the caller. There are also provisions to prevent NHS GP practices using other types of premium rate telephone services.
10.4 New Patients: GP practices must take steps to ensure that any patient who has not previously made an appointment and attends at the practice premises during the normal hours for essential services is provided with such services by an appropriate health care professional during that surgery period. There is an exemption to this obligation for new patients who have to be referred elsewhere, in which case another appointment should be booked.
10.5 A slightly overlapping provision is that patients who are new to the practice list (but not temporary residents) must also be offered a “consultation” with the GP practice within 6 months at which the GP must make such inquiries and undertake such examinations as appear to it to be appropriate in all the circumstances. The wording of this requirement (in paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the GMS Regulations) is as follows:
the contractor shall, in addition and without prejudice to its other obligations in respect of that patient under the contract, invite the patient to participate in a consultation either at its practice premises or, if the medical condition of the patient so warrants, at one of the places referred to in paragraph 3(2).
(2) An invitation under sub-paragraph (1) shall be issued within six months of the date of the acceptance of the patient on, or their assignment to, the contractor's list.
(3) Where a patient (or, where appropriate, in the case of a patient who is a child, his parent) agrees to participate in a consultation mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) the contractor shall, in the course of that consultation make such inquiries and undertake such examinations as appear to it to be appropriate in all the circumstances”
10.6 Patients who are not seen for 3 years: Where a registered patient between the ages of 16 and 75 who has not attended the surgery for 3 years requests a consultation the GP practice must take advantage of the opportunity to this individual attending the surgery to “make such inquiries and undertake such examinations as appear to it to be appropriate in all the circumstances”. However there is no duty on the GP practice to seek out patients who have not attended for 3 years to offer them a check-up. The duty only arises if the patient requests a consultation.
10.7 Patients over the age of 75: The time period of non-attendance which needs to elapse before the GP practice has a duty to “make such inquiries and undertake such examinations as appear to it to be appropriate in all the circumstances” is reduced to 12 months. However once again, there is no duty on the GP practice to seek out patients over the age of 75 who have not attended the practice for 12 months to offer them a check-up. The duty only arises if such a patient requests a consultation with the GP practice.
10.8 Clinical Reports on patients on the list of another practice: Where the GP practice provides any clinical services, other than under a private arrangement, to a patient who is not on its list of patients, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, provide a clinical report relating to the consultation, and any treatment provided, to NHS England. Thus every time medical care is provided to a temporary resident or emergency care is provided to a patient who is not registered with the practice, a report should be sent to NHS England explaining what care has been provided and the clinical findings. NHS England then has the task of sending the report to the patient’s own practice so that it can form part of the clinical notes for that practice.
10.9 Storage of vaccines: GP practices must ensure that all vaccines are stored in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions and that all refrigerators in which vaccines are stored have a maximum/minimum thermometer and that readings are taken on all working days.
10.10 Infection control: Each GP practice must ensure that it has appropriate arrangements for infection control and decontamination. The content of Infection Control policies are a matter for each GP Surgery. However NICE has published Guidance about infection control in primary care. Whilst there is a measure of discretion, GP practices would have to have good reasons for adopting policies which departed from the infection control guidance published by NICE.
10.11 The MPS has identified the following as the highest areas of breaches of infection control in GP practices:
d) Risks associated with clinical waste and the management of sharps. For example not using pedal operated clinical waste bins, clinical waste bins not being provided in the consulting room and inappropriate storage of clinical waste awaiting collection;
e) GP practices were not providing spillage kits, either purchased or made up in-house, for dealing with spillages such as body fluids, blood and mercury (if applicable);
g) Waiting room toys that were not cleaned routinely. The Guidance observed that soft toys are hard to disinfect and tend to rapidly become re-contaminated after cleaning and that conversely, hard toys can be cleaned and disinfected easily.
10.12 Duty of Co-operation: Paragraph 12 of Schedule 6 to the GMS Regulations provides that GP practices which do not provide additional services, enhanced services or OOH services must co-operate with those providers who do deliver those services for NHS patients. The GP practice must:
a) co-operate, insofar as is reasonable, with any person responsible for the provision of that service or those services;
b) comply in core hours with any reasonable request for information from such a person or from NHS England relating to the provision of that service or those services; and
c) in the case of out of hours services, take reasonable steps to ensure that any patient who contacts the practice premises during the out of hours period is provided with information about how to obtain services during that period.
10.13 However these obligations do not extend to requiring the GP practice to make care for its patients available during the out of hours period.
10.14 Handover requirements: Where a contractor is to cease to be required to provide to its patients a particular additional service, a particular enhanced service or out of hours services, either at all or in respect of some periods or some services, the GO practice is obliged to comply with any reasonable request for information relating to the provision of that service or those services made by NHS England or by any person with whom NHS England intends to enter into a contract for the provision of such services.
[1] The electronic version of the National Health Service Act 2006 on the www.legislation.gov.uk website has not yet been updated to show all the changes to the 2006 Act made by the Health and Social Care Act 2012. Hence the present publicly accessible version of section 83 at http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2006/41/section/83 still refers to the duty to provide primary care services being a duty resting on primary care trusts.
[2] Under the NHS Act 2006 as originally passed this duty rested on primary care trusts. It was transferred to NHS England in April 2013 as a result of amendments made in the Health and Social Care Act 2012.
[3] Transitional provisions mean that Regulations made under the equivalent of section 83 in the National Health Service Act 2006 continue to have effect./
[4] The electronic version of the National Health Service (General Medical Services) Regulations 2004 on the www.legislation.gov.uk website has not yet been updated to show all the changes made by the numerous amending regulations made since the Regulations were introduced in 2004. The original Regulations are at http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ssi/2004/115/contents/made but the wording quoted in this chapter is the version which is current at 1 January 2014 when this chapter has been written.
[5] “Section 28R” is a reference to section 28R of the National Health Service Act 1977 which was brought in by section 175 of the National Health Service (Community Health and Standards) Act 2003. This provision is now in section 85 of the National Health Service Act 2006 is a consolidating Act and thus references in these Regulations to sections of the 1977 act are required to be read as references to the relevant provision of the National Health Service Act 2006, which in this case is section 83. See section 17 of the Interpretation Act 1978 and Schedule 2 to the National Health Service (Consequential Provisions) Act 2006.
[6] This chapter is being written by Jonathon Jones QC and will be put on the website when completed.
David Lock QC is Head of the Administrative & Public Law Group and the Judicial Review & high Court Challenges Group at No5 Chambers. - See more at: http://www.no5.com/barristers/barrister-details/137-david-lock-qc/#sthash.PcnGl1Eh.dpuf
All website content copyright © 2014 - 2016 GP Law. Terms and conditions of use apply. Site developed by Severnside Solutions.
Hi, I'm Ruth. I'm a library assistant at the Geneva Public Library. Find information on careers, resume assistance and practice interviews, get job coaching, and expert guidance to help you find a job using the online resources available 24/7 with your library card. Contact us at geneva.library@gpld.org or call us at 630-232-0780 if you have questions.
Last night I had to count sheep in order to fall asleep so I could get up this morning to pull the wool over somebody’s eyes.
Available in a 1-day, 2-week, or monthly lens. Schedule your annual eye exam with your Vision Source® optometrist to find out if a silicone hydrogel contact lens might be the right choice for your lifestyle. Aqua Clear® allows you to wear the lenses for up to 6 nights and 7 days. Thanks to our exclusive Aquaform® Technology, Biofinity® lenses allow plenty of oxygen to pass through to your eyes. Many enjoy the convenience of a daily disposable lens like Fresh Day®. There's no cleaning or maintenance, simply toss away on a daily basis. My Day™ is the latest in silicone hydrogel technology offering even less awareness of the lens. The MyDay lens is wonderfully soft - softer than other silicone hydrogel, daily disposable lenses - yet they're easy to insert and remove. After purchasing your Aqua Clear®, Biofinity®, Fresh Day®, or MyDay® contact lenses from a participating Vision Source® optometrist, download this rebate and follow the instructions to either receive a Visa® Gift Card or to donate a portion of your rebate savings to Optometry Giving Sight, an organization dedicated to providing sight to millions of people around the world. See rebate for details.
Please take a moment to request an appointment and a member of our staff will be in touch with you shortly to schedule and confirm your appointment.
Important: Please note that the date and time you requested may not be available. We will contact you to confirm your actual appointment details.
The Wide Spectrum Of Visual Impairment – Optometrist, Eye Doctor in Grantsville, UT | Spectrum Eye Care
There is a wide range of visual impairment beyond what glasses can correct, and it’s important for sighted people to understand what that range is so that we will be better equipped to provide the right kind of assistance. It’s also important to realize that being visually impaired doesn’t mean losing the ability to lead a full, exciting life!
A variety of eye diseases, genetic disorders, and birth defects, as well as old age and injuries, can interfere with healthy vision. Sometimes the vision loss is too severe to be corrected with lenses and not eligible to be repaired with modern procedures.
These visual impairments don’t all work the same. Some, like macular degeneration, erode the central vision without affecting peripheral vision. It is also possible to have a narrowed field of vision, in which central vision is fine but the peripheral vision is limited. Other visual impairments include photophobia (inability to tolerate light), diplopia (double vision), visual distortion, and difficulty with visual perception.
If someone has 20/70 visual acuity (meaning that they can only see something 20 feet away as well as something a person with normal vision can see from 70 feet away) or worse in their best eye even with corrective lenses, they have “low vision.” If they have 20/200 visual acuity in their best eye or worse, they are considered legally blind.
Even total blindness isn’t the same for everyone. Some people are blind from birth. Others lose their vision over time, sometimes quickly, sometimes slowly. Some blind people can tell the difference between light and darkness, while others can’t perceive any visual information at all.
Every visually impaired person’s situation is unique, but what they all have in common is that they are still people who deserve to be treated with respect. Talk to them like you would anyone else, and don’t just jump in and try to be a knight in shining armor. Politely greet them, introduce yourself, and ask if they need help. If they want help with mobility, ask them where they want you, match their walking speed, and describe upcoming obstacles like curbs, stairs, and sudden changes in the angle of the ground.
Be very specific when describing objects or places/placements. If you place something in front of the person you are helping, let them know where you placed it so they don’t lose track of it. If you’re in their home, you might offer to help tidy up, but make sure you place everything exactly where they want it or they may not be able to find it again.
Finally, if you see a visually impaired person with a guide dog, do not distract the dog while it’s working! As much as we all love petting friendly dogs, these highly trained canines have an important job to do.
Technology and medicine are advancing at an astounding rate, and the day when all forms of blindness and vision loss become curable might not be too many years in the future. Until then, we should all strive to help our vision-impaired family members, friends, and neighbors, and we should do everything we can to keep our own vision healthy.
Top image by Flickr user Oregon State University used under Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 4.0 license. Image cropped and modified from original.
The New Hampshire Travel Council will be hosting a Legislative Breakfast on March, 12, 2014 from 7:30 AM until 9 AM at the State House Cafeteria.
The breakfast will be an opportunity for the public to meet the elected officials of the Council. It will also serve as a chance to learn the importance of the travel and tourism industry to the state’s economy.
The breakfast is free of charge. Please RSVP to margaret(at)nhtravelcouncil.com. The State House is located at 107 N Main Street in Concord, NH.
{{if pixnet}} {{tmpl "#face-tag-link-pixnet"}} {{/if}} {{if facebook}} {{tmpl "#face-tag-link-facebook"}} {{/if}} (${nick})
Two or three different sizes are offered for a more personalized fit for many different body types. When it comes to comfort, fit matters. Your body will appreciate the difference.
Nu har jag klickat hem Cath Kidson väskan, ohhh så glad jag är...just det tyget har jag letat efter men det har inte funnit att få tag på, på bra länge nu, så jag blev så lycklig när jag såg ditt inlägg!!
NÄR LIVET TAR EN VÄNDNING - Den 19 april 2017 tog verkligen livet en ny vändning för oss men jag tänkte jag skulle börja med att berätta om tiden innan dess. Dels för att ha det som e...
eaNUPh: Research assortment of drugs for the treatment of traumatic brain injury on the pharmaceutical market of Ukraine
A scoop back is accented with an illusion closure creating a sexy keyhole below the natural waist in this simple wedding gown. Artfully placed lace embellishments featuring Swarovski crystals adorn each illusion side panel adding a modern twist to this Yolivia Crepe satin sheath wedding dress with high bateau neckline. Finished with a zipper closure.
At Grace & Lace Bridal shops in Colchester, Chelmsford & Ipswich, we are passionate about weddings and helping you to create your dream day. We are family run with over 29 years […]
Not only do we have your dream wedding dress, we offer a superb appointment fitting service. We understand your needs to make your wedding day the best of your life.
To say that we are excited about our first designer event of 2018 is an understatement! Our Chelmsford store will be hosting a Lusan Mandongus designer event 12th-21st January 21018 […]
This gown is in our Chelmsford store. If you have any enquiries or would like to try this gown in one of our other stores please contact us on 01245 347347
Название: Research assortment of drugs for the treatment of traumatic brain injury on the pharmaceutical market of Ukraine
I recommend that you right-click an image and select 'Open in new window (IE) or 'Open in new tab' (Mozilla) This will keep this page open and allow viewing of bigger sized images simultaneously
5-star ratings in app stores come from exceeding expectations and leveraging the best of the platform.
A flood of 5-star ratings in the app store is what every developer hopes to see when they check in on their apps every morning. Positive word of mouth is the primary way great apps climb and sustain themselves at the top of the charts. Of course, feature placement from Apple (if you're lucky) doesn't hurt either.
As it turns out, you only have to do one thing well to get those 5-star ratings: delight your users. And how do you do that? You have to work harder than your competitors and stay singularly focused on that mission to delight. This is, of course, not so easy to pull off. You have to dig pretty deep in your smartphone's app store to find any 5-star apps. When you stumble across one, you'll notice that the app has very few downloads and reviews. Chances are it wouldn't be a 5-star app if more people were using it. Most apps at the top are 4 and 4½ stars. The vast majority, however, fall at the 3-star level or below.
For users to rate an app, they must submit their ratings with at least one star. So if you have an app in the store, congratulations, it's at least a 1-star app. The other four stars are up for grabs. Two of those stars can be picked up for simply meeting expectations; the other two come when an app exceeds the expectations of its users.
It's actually pretty easy to get three stars. All you have to do is ensure that your app does what it's advertised to do. Be honest in the store description, show your best screenshots, and deliver on your promise. That's what makes a 3-star app.
So how does an app make it to 4 and 4½ stars? The key is delight. At Intuit, we employ a set of principles called Design for Delight, which are a focus for all of our projects. I led a team as it designed and developed SnapTax, the first start-to-finish tax prep app that allows customers to use a smartphone to complete and file their taxes.
SnapTax has maintained a 4½ star rating since we launched it in January with 80% of our reviewers having rated it as 5-stars. Following on that experience, I will share my advice in this article for how to delight mobile users.
Give your users a solution they didn't think was even possible. In other words, do something that has never been done before. Utilize the capabilities of the latest mobile devices and push the limits of current technology to the extreme.
For SnapTax, most users would have never thought it possible to file their taxes on a smartphone. The concept alone of start-to-finish taxes on their smartphone already exceeded their expectations. Add to that a feature that had never been done before—optical character recognition of a complex document (a W-2) to transfer data to a form (a tax return)—and we were primed to wow our customers. Snapping a photo of your W-2 and seeing up to twenty fields filled automatically into your tax return really does feel like magic.
Focus on the basics and do them amazingly well. Mobile devices force us to simplify based on screen size, interaction models, and the short attention span of our users. It's not enough to get a few things right, every bit of the experience counts. Stress over every detail. Focus on simplicity. Iterate and refine constantly. Give your customers more than they expect even in the smallest of things.
As an example, data entry was initially a concern for SnapTax. Many people have an aversion to extensive typing on a tiny keyboard. We needed to make data entry a superior experience on a mobile device. Our solution was to eliminate data entry where possible and to simplify it in all other cases. Much of the data entry required for tax prep is numeric. SnapTax presents the numeric only keypad for all such fields, which has proven to be more efficient for our users than keying in the numbers that lay across the top of a standard laptop keyboard. We adjust the keyboard for each and every data field, ensuring that the one presented is the one most optimized for the data being entered.
To approach a 5-star rating in a specific app store, you need to get the app right for that store's specific platform. Study the guidelines. Match native interaction and design patterns. Borrow from industry giants that have the biggest customer base. Steal from those apps that make it to 4½ stars. Don't be vanilla and create something generally appealing; make it an amazing experience for the device and use all the special features unique to that device. Cross-platform web UIs, while right for some, will shave development costs but cannot take advantage of the available emerging technology.
With SnapTax, we created a customized Android experience. The Android platform's interaction models are quite different from those of the iPhone. We paid careful attention to create a user interface that matched the expectations of the Android user while retaining all of the features available for the iPhone. The result? SnapTax holds a 4½ star rating in the Android Market as well as in the iPhone App Store. The SnapTax UX design for iPhone vs. Android is unique, but its overwhelmingly positive customer reviews are virtually identical.
The benefit of prototyping is, of course, to test concepts before coding them. Prototyping also helps you move fast. You can stagger development as you learn what works and what doesn't work with users. As soon as you feel confident in a particular screen or flow, code it. Continue to prototype and iterate. Get user feedback as often as you can.
For SnapTax, we were able to iterate on, refine, test, and scrutinize every aspect of the experience by building a fully tap-able prototype of the entire workflow of the app. We didn't just prototype a few screens or a few things we wanted to experiment with, we prototyped all of the screens. We didn't just prototype sections and flows, we prototyped the end-to-end experience, which is over 200 screens. And that doesn't include the countless variations that were either tested with users or experimented with internally.
With working parts of the app implemented, we were able to get even richer feedback. We continued to iterate with both working code and the prototype, using two phones with customers; one had the working app on it and the other had the prototype. In doing so, we were careful to retain as much continuity as possible between the two.
We iterated as often as weekly and were able to get two or three times as much feedback from customers this way. By the time we released the app, we were very confident that we had eliminated problems and had found many ways to delight our customers.
The secret to 5-star success is simple: delight your customers by finding a way to do more than even you thought was possible. In his book Outliers: The Story of Success, Malcom Gladwell makes a clear argument for why opportunity followed by dedicated hard work allowed outliers like Bill Gates and The Beatles to achieve more than nearly anyone else in their field. The mobile revolution is here. We all have the opportunity to create a 5-star app for our customers. To do so we will have to work extremely hard to delight them.
Alan Tifford is a mobile experience design leader with 15 years experience. He's designed 5-star productivity apps for iOS and Android for Intuit, including TurboTax SnapTax which has been profiled in numerous reviews, books, and magazines.
Our contributors and staff recommend these articles on for developing an understanding of experience design and jumpstarting your career.
I included SnapTax as an example of good designin my new book, Mobile Design Pattern Galley, coming out with O'Reilly Media in November.
Your point about "doing what people didn't even know was possible" is excellent, and truly a great way to knock people's socks off. However, as the technology matures, and people get used to using every-day magic, it will no longer impress people - and they will simply come to expect it.
..at which point, people who aren't really doing any testing or thinking, will simply throw in the technology anyway, because "it's so awesome."
Thank you Alan for the article, especially the second part was very interesting. Like your app and the approach!
stresses the importance of thorough prototyping for all platforms in order to get a flowless, flowing UX!
Great article. Your case for custom UX on iPhone vs Android makes a lot of sense, and I can see the value in doing so... but I suspect that for a lot of small software shops, the proliferation of mobile platforms makes a cross-platform toolkit like Titanium or PhoneGap very compelling.
When you say you made fully tappable prototypes, what software did you use? Were you actually producing application prototypes, or were you mocking it up using other means?
Awesome article! In my opinion, the best part was "Focus on the basics and do them amazingly well". I'm preparing my first app for iPhone, so it was really helpful.
Testing all interactive screens is a pretty ballsy way to prototype, but I see that as the best way to do it, especially if you have time. (My professional opinion: If you don't make time to test everything, you shouldn't make the app -- or at least, you shouldn't expect the app to perform well.)
Really nice article, loved it, Specially the part "Stress over every detail. Focus on simplicity. Iterate and refine constantly"
2015 UX Magazine, All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of this content outside UX Magazine is prohibited except as guided by standards of fair use.
Master-Of-Papers.com – the firm engaged in assignments tasks accomplishment. Our experts endeavor to provide a top grade essay tutoring to undergraduates all over the world. Our company staff have gained a extensive expertness in ensuring of a plenty of school writing. Our experts deal not only with students writing, but also marketing content on any topic. Our main idea is to help undergraduates and improve their pass rate as well as tutor them in practice. Thuswise, making order from our firm, you dispose not only college writing services, but also a number of additional bonuses.
We hire only writers who have diplomas. Experts specialize in numerous research areas which allows our dear students to order writing on a case specified. What is more, you will be impressed with a variety of academic papers our specialists tackle. Phd thesis is no bother for experts. For academic writing it is needed to be competent in the college paper rules, as well as all types of papers students are told to master. Our writers are able complete a task to get a high grade from the instructor. To succeed, make sure to assign your research to professionals.
All essays, that our professionals offer is top grade help for collegers who don’t want to blow academic rate. Our professionals are the most highly qualified in academic assistance field. Our experts do not affirm that our opponents are terrible, we just highlight that our service is responsible and favored unlike other websites. All the ten years self-improvement improved the procedure and made it possible to disclose students exidencies accurately.
As regards Scissors work issue, the philosophy of our website doesn’t welcome its presence. All essay writers are acquainted with adequate citing of literature used for research. Thereupon, our regular buyers don’t have reasons to trouble about it. Our professionals that plagiarize are assessed. There is no reason for our pros to do that. Ordering your writing at our site, our dear customers have the right to get specifically what our returning customers demanded as long as buyers specifications are without any questions considered. Whereas our customers tasks does not comply with the original requirements, customers are entitled to ask for money back.
Our adepts are aware of the fact that secretiveness is essential for clients. Asking data about purchasers, our administrators cannot unveil it to the other parties. Our staff gather it for customer check prior to starting investigation. Essay warranted by our website assures thorough secretiveness due to, othergates, it does not make any sense. Therefore, be sure that the faculty member or classmates have no chance to drag to light that you took advantage from collegers help. Having sent you a carried out paper, our writer renounces her ownership of intellectual property. Clients happen to be the exclusive holder of the text. Your text won’t be passed to the thirdsmen, and will never permitted for taking on the free web space, even claimed as a template.
As concerns timely submission, this is likewise a must for college services. Typically, undergraduates do not lack work if it has been submitted late. Thuswise Master-of-papers.com guaranteedly assure urgent order completion to our regular buyers to secure a smash mark. A perfect writing piece is notall all buyers exidencies are obliged to be reckoned and the timeframe is midst the major ones. Then, given that you are aimed to to be the best schooler and have spare hours for physical training, to mess around with friends, communicate with sisters and brothers, have hobbies, go to exhibitions, we are ready to tackle all that monotonous academic papers. Whereupon, you enjoy the ability concentrate on the subject matter tasks.
PapersMonster.com is a website offering essay help. Writers working for us procure a top grade full educational guidance to undergraduates everywhere in the world. Our adepts are known by a rich aptness in provision of […]
The fundamentals of check writing don’t modify when the money number of the check reaches $1,000. https://grademiners.com/assignment The check worth gets created as being a quantity while in the package with the dollar symbol and […]
Master-Of-Papers.com – the firm engaged in assignments tasks accomplishment. Our experts endeavor to provide a top grade essay tutoring to undergraduates all over the world. Our company staff have gained a extensive expertness in ensuring […]
Fresh graduates get themselves diploma covers for their graduation certificates. Even family members and friends get them as presents because everybody knows the importance of this item. Diploma covers are primarily made to cover and […]
A listener complained that a program broadcast from an agricultural industry event at Gunnedah, New South Wales, contained incidental advertising of products.
In a segment which looked at some new initiatives in the field of solar energy, a reporter spoke with several exhibitors about their particular products and the benefits of using solar power. During one interview, the name of a company was repeated without sufficient context and it was made clear that the product discussed was endorsed by golfer Greg Norman. The ABC found that this part of the segment contravened its Editorial Policies with regard to general references to commercial organisations and products.
Interested in working at the nation’s largest national broadcaster, and the independent source of Australian conversations, culture and stories? Visit ABC Careers.
Looking for facts and information on the ABC’s costs, contribution and value for Australian audiences and the creative industries? Visit ABC Future.
The ABC has grown remarkably since it launched on 1 July 1932. This is a snapshot of our achievements, programs and personalities and celebrates the ABC's contribution to Australian life for more than 80 years.
Jennifer Hudson is an American singer and actress, Golden Globe laureat and an Oscar for her supporting role in the film Dreamgirls, in which she starred opposite Beyonce.
His career began as a participant of the 3rd edition of American Idol, where many thought she was favorite, but she finished (although, of course, is also a success) seventh.
Entering show business was a woman full of curves, after the birth of her son decided to lose weight and so consequently proper diet and exercise, she managed to achieve this result, it can be safely called the change as a spectacular metamorphosis!
AMPLEX will be exhibiting at these upcoming trade shows: MANTS: Baltimore, MD -- January 2019: NCNLA: Greensboro, NC -- January 2019; GSHE: Mobile, AL -- 2019
Rigoberto Ochoa, 39, center, gets an H2B visa each year to work at a nursery owned by George Kostilnik and Tami Knight.
If you are the owner of this website, please contact your hosting provider: webmaster@grandmastreams.info
The Latest Ventures of China’s JD.Com JD .Com was launched in the year 1998 under the name 360 buy. The founder, Richard Liu started the company after his physical shops failed. These shops sold products of the Magneto optical brand. So he opened an online store that sold the same products and named it 360 […]
William Saito is a man with both domestic and international recognition in his technology skills. His career path was founded by the idea of “I’ve always been curious about how things work”, as he once described reflected on childhood. William Saito started his first business out of his college dorm room. His efforts were noticed […]
Matt Badiali is a respected geologist and financial advisor. He earned a master’s degree in Geology. He traveled to many countries examining the natural resource assets of large companies and had to determine if they were valuable. His extensive training as a geologist has enabled him to be able to pick very profitable resource stocks. […]
William Saito is an entrepreneur that others look up to. He has used his tremendous background to generate a huge success for himself. By writing a book, he is helping others to do the same. He wants other entrepreneurs to know that they can do the same thing and make money with what they know […]
Nassef Sawiris, an Egyptian billionaire, and American businessman, Wes Edens have concluded to invest a significant amount of capital into Aston Villa football Club through their jointly owned organization, NSWE. Tony Xia, a Chinese businessman who acquired the club two years ago, will remain on the board as well as the co-chairman. Tony claims that […]
Christopher Bailey of Burberry has taken up mentoring Ryan Seacrest. The two have joined in the world of fashion. Ryan Seacrest met Bailey during his time on American Idol. Ryan had his entire wardrobe designed by Bailey. It played a part in his image while competing. The suits that Seacrest wore became integral to his […]
A business development manager is the primary driving force in every organization. Therefore, a business development manager is tasked with the responsibility of ensuring that the company grows. From working on attractive displays that will woe a client to ensuring that the existing clients attract other acquaintances, a business development manager determines the direction that […]
As a board member, resident and chief executive officer of CNS Bioscience Matthew Autterson is a businessman. The CNS Bioscience Inc. was founded by Scott Falci and is a clinical-stage drug development company. As a Chief Executive Officer, he has the power to help people who are in neuropathic pain, by ensuring that safe and […]
Matthew Autterson is the current CEO and the president of CNS Bioscience, a company that was established in 2013. The company concentrates on manufacturing pharmaceutical drugs to treat patients with different diseases and reduce pain to those affected by injuries. Mr.Autterson has headed several successful financial institutions. He has 25 years of experience working in […]
Newswatch has helped numerous small companies from all parts of the globe to succeed in their businesses greatly. Among the companies, Newswatch has assisted are Sony, Siemens, and Casio. Newswatch has also been able to drive campaigns through their television and online platforms that have seen companies reap huge harvests. Some of the campaigns that […]
So having this problem in pt 12.8 (not blaming the program) I went back to a session for a client to record some over dubs had a horrible latency problem.i closed the session and reopen it holding...
Aw yes mine falls into that category ends in F when I get some free time [lol whatever that is anymore] I will open it up and look thank you
Ok so not sure what happen [running pt 12.7 on window 7 64bit with a 002R interface] clicked to start pt and it loaded up but notice I forgot to turn on my 002 so I went into hardware and it only...
OK so I have never own a mac but looking at one now but it comes with os 10.10 Yosemite. I looked on avid capability page looks like my protools 8.0.5 let not compatible. My ? Can you downgrade the...
Thank you everyone I have been dealing with avid was told they can no longer activate this product because it's to old it never been open.
Having problems installing have the mptk box just bought it. Also have the protools 8.0.3 disk that came with my mbox I went and bought the 002 R got that working fine now my problem open the toolkit...
All free!! All educational. All entertaining. All professionally recorded. No empty rhetoric here. Just entertaining learning. Choose from many different topics from the best talent around the world. Earn your American Conservative Masters Degree just by listening. No writing, no assignments. Just listen at the feet of some of the worlds greatest Conservative thinkers. Visit us at americanconservativeuniversity.com
Stalin’s gulag, impoverished North Korea, collapsing Cuba...it’s hard to name a dogma that has failed as spectacularly as socialism. And yet leaders around the world continue to subject millions of people to this dysfunctional, violence-prone ideology.
In The Politically Incorrect Guide™ to Socialism, Kevin Williamson reveals the fatal flaw of socialism—that efficient, complex economies simply can’t be centrally planned. But even in America, that hasn’t stopped politicians and bureaucrats from planning, to various extents, the most vital sectors of our economy: public education, energy, and the most arrogant central–planning effort of them all, Obama’s healthcare plan.
In this provocative book, Williamson unfolds the grim history of socialism, showing how the ideology has spawned crushing poverty, devastating famines, and horrific wars. Lumbering from one crisis to the next, leaving a trail of economic devastation and environmental catastrophe, socialism has wreaked more havoc, caused more deaths, and impoverished more people than any other ideology in history—especially when you include the victims of fascism, which Williamson notes is simply a variant of socialism.
How the energy powerhouse of Venezuela, under socialism, has become an economic basket case subject to rationing and blackouts
How socialism, not British colonialism, plunged the bountiful economy of India into stagnation and dysfunction—and how capitalism is rescuing it
If you thought socialism went into the dustbin of history with the collapse of the Soviet Union, think again. Socialism is alive and kicking, and it’s already spread further than you know.
If you like this episode head on over to iTunes and kindly leave us a rating, a review and subscribe! People find us through our good reviews.
You can ask your questions, make comments, submit ideas for shows and lots more. Let your voice be heard.
All free!! All educational. All entertaining. All professionally recorded. No empty rhetoric here. Just entertaining learning. Choose from many different topics from the best talent around the world. Join us for author interviews, new conservative books, audio book excerpts, debating Leftists, lectures, humor, documentaries and much more. Earn your American Conservative Masters Degree Just listen at the feet of some of the worlds greatest Conservative thinkers. If you like our podcast please submit a high rating and comments on Itunes. Don't let the Lefties drag down our rating.
Acupressure health care system (marketed by gizmosoul) brings this amazing natural way of relieving body pain using aromatic herbs. All herbs in the pack are selected after proper research and analysis. Aromatic herbs potli brings potli massage treatment to your home. Get Potli massage that is worth thousands at home at a very minimal cost. Potli is a massage which uses small herbal pouches made of various herbs
"Let us pursue the things which make for peace and those by which one may edify another"- Romans 14:19
"Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace... till we all come to the unity of the faith... speaking the truth in love..."
We caught a ferry from Cronulla to Bundeena to start the track at the Northern tip. The first point of interest was Wedding Cake Rock, a large bright white square rock. About a third of the way we had by a swim, ice cream and did some cliff jumping at Wattamolla beach. Closely followed by a lunch break and swim at Garie beach. The last stop of the day was the figure eight pools, one last swim to cool off before the hard climb out of the National Park and to Otford train station.
It was a challenge to organise and plan the route as a day hike. There was no rail all weekend and so a bus replacement service (and Uber) got us back to Cronulla to pick up the car. Totally worth it, an amazing 31km hike through the bush and along the beautiful coastline.
The human race gets a pretty bad rap these days. If an outsider were to watch one of our newscasts, they would think that our society is surely about to self implode. People murder in cold blood. People steal everything from cars to jewelry to futures. People make corrupt political deals behind the back of the American public. And that’s just from the opening segment.
Therein lies the problem. Our media driven culture is built in a way that focuses on the shock & awe of the world. The feel good side of society just doesn’t draw as many eyeballs to their programming. Ever wonder why anxiety is so rampant in America? We’ve been scared into believing the world is ending and we’re going down with it. I’d like to believe otherwise though. I’d like to think for every negative piece of news reported, there’s 100 more untold positive stories.
People steal give countless time, money & energy to making life a tiny bit better for those less fortunate.
People are corrupt honest, hard working & unwilling to waiver on their integrity just to gain an extra inch in life.
People are selfish dropping everything they’re doing to go help a friend, family member or stranger in need.
People are lazy happy to work their ass off every single day if it means their family gets a meal & a roof over their head.
People don’t know what work ethic is want to make a ripple in the world in the little time we have on earth.
People are dying from disease care for the sick & support their families through the darkest of days.
People are addicted to drugs, alcohol & pills using their own experiences to help others find the light at the end of the tunnel.
People are cheating on their spouses going the extra mile every day to make sure their spouse knows they are loved.
People are abandoning their children instilling beliefs in their children that they truly can change the world.
We have the choice to buy into the death & destruction of the world, or to believe that humanity is thriving. We have the choice to look around us and find the good, not the bad. We have the chance to be the good, not the bad. We have the opportunity to be a part of the solution, not the problem. All we have to do is wake up every day and choose. Today I choose people. Because people are bad good.
Thank you for a very positive message. You’re absolutely right; for every negative on the news the world just keeps on throwing positives all around us. It just doesn’t make the nightly news. Well done!
Run over the standard roads of the Isle of guy for over a hundred years, the world-famous vacationer Trophy races have gripped the imaginations of successive generations of motorcyclists. From the earliest days of single-speed, belt-driven machines offering five bhp, to the hugely constructed projectiles of this day providing a fearsome 2 hundred bhp, race enthusiasts have thronged the roadside banks and watched in awe because the top racing motorcyclists on the earth rode the quickest machines in their day round the twists, turns and climbs of the 374 mile Mountain direction, all in pursuit of a coveted vacationer Trophy. This new up to date version masking the 2007 - 2012 races, unearths the event's vibrant heritage throughout the high-speed actions of serious riders corresponding to the Collier brothers, Geoff Duke, Mike Hailwood, Giacomo Agostini, Steve Hislop, Joey Dunlop, John McGuinness etc. It additionally seems to be on the machines and mechanical advancements and race agency, plus the monetary rewards and advertisement pursuits; atmosphere all of them within the context of the triumphs and tragedies of an excellent carrying occasion that has obvious normal lap speeds upward push from forty mph to over a hundred thirty mph. Written in a simple variety, this ebook finds the Manx TT's vibrant background via its nice riders, machines, mechanical advancements and race service provider and is fantastically illustrated with over 250 color photographs.
This can be the e-book of the broadcast publication and should no longer contain any media, web site entry codes, or print vitamins which can come packaged with the sure publication. to be used within the place of work functions path. This booklet is additionally compatible for college students and contributors looking an advent to Microsoft entry 2013.
Clink! Clankety-bang! Thump-whirr! that is the sound of Papa at paintings. even supposing he's an inventor, he hasn't ever made whatever that works completely, and that is simply because he hasn't but chanced on a really very good notion. but if he's taking his family members fishing on Lake Michigan, his daughter Virena asks, "Have you ever questioned what it really is wish to be a fish?
Evaluation of the yankee Bridge SeriesThe American Bridge sequence is designed as a sequential set of bidding classes, compatible for self-study or classroom-style examine less than the information of a pro bridge instructor. Volumes I via III contain declarer play and safety talents as they relate to the bidding abilities taught in every one textual content.
Middle-aged Andy Bathgate clings to a precarious existence within the logging city of Mantua, British Columbia. He fears the stability he at the moment enjoys — his courting with an exceptional lady, the uneasy truce along with her eco-activist son, senior hockey together with his acquaintances — will come undone the instant the reality comes out: that he's no longer, in reality, Andy Bathgate.
November 14, 2017 admin Other 1 Comments Off on Download 100 Years of the Isle of Man TT: A Century of Motorcycle by David Wright PDF
Let’s face it, giving up a weeknight glass of red or that ice cold martini on the weekend can be tough! It is not as though I planned my nights or weekends around the bottle, but it is safe to say that I love champagne and I have created a life and career around entertaining, where bubbly is always flowing! The real party though is about to begin when Baby Gundry is born in September. My large belly is a constant reminder of this pure and utter joy that is about to burst into our lives in just a couple of months. Despite some odd changes (squirmy movements, smaller bladder and late-night cravings) that have occurred over the past several months, there is nothing more exciting and we truly can’t wait!
So back to the booze. I miss it! But, I found something to replace it and it is called Fre. My best kept secret that I now need to shout from the rooftops for all the world to hear! If you are looking for a relaxing and delicious glass of wine, without the alcohol, Fre wines provide an alternative beverage for people who cannot or choose not to consume alcohol yet do not want to compromise on flavor! Through the de-alcoholization process of producing Fre, less than one half of one percent of alcohol remains in the wine. Fre is gluten free and vegan, and I am telling you right now that when I pour a glass or create a Fre mocktail I am instantly transported into the state of tranquility and relaxation that I enjoyed so much when having a drink.
I have created three mocktails with three of my favorite Fre wines for you to enjoy this summer! What is so neat about Fre is that it IS wine. This is not a sugary juice that you try and trick yourself into drinking. Fre is made in Northern California and the flavors and aromas take you straight to a beautiful vineyard. To make Fre, winemakers use the revolutionary spinning cone column to remove alcohol while preserving the delicate fragrances and flavors of the wine. The finished product is a fresh, delicious beverage with all of the characteristic aromas and flavors of premium wine, but with less than 0.5% alcohol and half the calories of traditional wine.
When making non-alcoholic sangria, forget using a sugary grape juice, but instead try Fre’s Red Blend. A simple recipe served over ice with fresh fruit will keep you cool as a cucumber.
Directions: Combine fruit and Fre Red Blend in a pitcher. Allow to sit for an hour for fruit to absorb the flavors. Add 3-4 cups of ice and club soda. Serve.
If you are feeling guilty about the occasional early-day drink, try this Mock-Mango-Mosa! Similar to your standard mimosa, yet without the alcohol and extra calories. As they say, it's not day-drinking if you do not start in the morning!
Directions: Peel and dice 4 mangos. In a food processor puree the mangoes. Strain the mango puree using a fine mesh strainer. You will have about 1 ½ cups of puree. In a large pitcher mix the mango puree, lime juice and bottle of Fre Brut. Pour into glasses and garnish with sliced mangos and limes.
And nothing says summer like strawberries and the smell of basil. Here is a great way to enjoy Moscato with a little extra summer flavor! I enjoy this on our back porch with cheese and crackers. Not only is it pretty, but it is delightfully refreshing.
Directions: Using a hand blender puree the strawberries with the sugar and lemon juice. Strain the puree. Fill a tall glass with ice. Pour the strawberry puree mixture into the glass. Top with the Fre Moscato. Garnish with strawberries and basil.
I am having so much fun creating mocktails with Fre wines. Stay tuned for more recipes this summer, including my must-haves for the third trimester and darling details for a baby shower. To learn more Fre wines and their process, please click here!
I am so glad you're here! Take a look around and fine new ways of cooking, creating, and celebrating!
I am so excited to be writing a series of cookbooks, that will be published by St. Martin's Griffin. Available now on amazon and Barnes and Noble!
And for a behind-the-scenes look into the magical world of cookbook styling and celebrating anything and everything follow me on Instagram!
"when the light was fading from my eyes, and my heart was giving out, it wasn’t death that came for me, it was love, and it killed me over and over again."
Set in Springfield, the average American town, the show focuses on the antics and everyday adventures of the Simpson family; Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie, as well as a virtual cast of thousands. Since the beginning, the series has been a pop culture icon, attracting hundreds of celebrities to guest star. The show has also made name for itself in its fearless satirical take on politics, media and American life in general.
Want to work with me? or maybe just have a question? Fill out the information to the right and I will reply as soon as I can!
Copy And Paste Cover Letter, you can find related copy and paste cover letter, copy and paste cover letter examples, copy and paste cover letter in email, copy and paste cover letter into email, copy and paste cover letter reddit, copy and paste cover letter templates, copy and paste letters, copy and paste your cover letter here, copy paste application letter, free copy and paste cover letter template, and much more below.
Victim Assistance is an integral component of post-war and post-disaster reconstruction and since our inception in 2001, Grapes for Humanity has raised over $4,000,000 to help survivors become healthy and contributing members of their communities.
We have funded clinics dedicated to the physical and mental rehabilitation of war survivors in Uganda and donated prosthetic limbs and mobility devices to clinics in Laos, Viet Nam and Ethiopia. Other projects include the demining of villages in Cambodia through The Halo Trust, rebuilding a Sri-Lankan preschool destroyed by the Tsunami in association with OneSriLanka, constructing a girl’s dormitory and skills training center at Lavalla Orphanage and School for the Disabled in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, and providing funds for the construction of a burn unit at Rose Hospital in Cambodia.
Grapes for Humanity has helped Hurricane Katrina victims re-settle in Texas through Community New-Start and have provided funds to construct and provide on-going support to Vida Nueva Clinic, a prosthetic outreach center in Choluteca, Honduras.
In order to transport landmine victims and war wounded to the Angola Regional Rehabilitation Program to be treated and cared for, Grapes for Humanity has provided funds to purchase two vehicles equipped with a Codan radio System for $35,000 each. We have provided ambulances for land mine victims in Nagorno-Karabakh and Cambodia; subsidized farms for the Cambodian Children's Advocacy Foundation and aided victims of the devastating Haiti earthquake.
At Grapes for Humanity we focus on providing funding to those who seem to fall through the cracks of the major relief agencies. And we are strong on physical rehabilitation and education. Recently we have earmarked funds to build schools in Guatemala, and rebuild a children’s clinic in the Philippines. While we continue to support our initial mandate of clearing land mines in Cambodia through organizations such as HALO, we are also breaking the cycle of poverty by supporting orphan children as they pursue their dreams of a University education in Phnom Penh. We have built schools in Guatemala and rebuilt a children’s hospital in the Philippines.
With your help, we…the wine community…will continue to change the way things are for so many people around the world and create opportunity, optimism and success where it is needed most. And while we’re at it... we’ll raise a glass and toast a better world.
Joe Canavan, a great supporter of Grapes for Humanity, invited eleven of his friends to join him at Barberian’s Steak House on Elm Street, Toronto, for this fund-raiser dinner. The celebrity guests were Geddy Lee and Alex Liveson of Rush who regaled the company with stories of their touring and recording. The wine flowed...
On Monday, October 26th, 2015, Grapes for Humanity held an intimate dinner hosted by Gaia Gaja at George Brown’s The Chef’s House in Toronto. Following a champagne reception, graced by the presence of the Consul General of Italy, Giuseppe Pastorelli, Gaia led off with an eloquent presentation of the family's wineries in Piemonte and Tuscany...
Raising funds to benefit humanitarian causes around the world with the assistance of the international wine community. Through wine tastings, auctions, dinners and other wine-related activities, we direct proceeds from these events to those in need.
We love a good old natter, so pick up the telephone and let's get chatting. Or if you're a little busy, ping across an email to get the conversation started. For computer geeks, we're a pretty friendly bunch!
Whether you know exactly what you want or you’d like to chat through your options, maybe you just need a bit of advice - either way we’d love to chat to you.
Soybeans and corn closed higher Friday after the U.S. Department of Agriculture unexpectedly lowered its forecast for production in a report yesterday. Wheat also jumped.
Bean output in the 2018-2019 marketing year that started on September 1 was pegged by the USDA at 4.69 million bushels in the monthly World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates (WASDE) report. That’s down from 4.693 billion bushels forecast last month and well below expectations.
Yield is seen lower at 88.3 bushels an acre, down from the month-earlier projection of 88.9 bushels, the USDA said. The government’s ending stockpiles estimate was raised to 885 million bushels from 845 million, but that’s still below analyst estimates.
Corn production forecasts were also lowered by the USDA to 14.778 billion bushels from 14.827 billion a month ago. Yield is now seen at 180.7 bushels an acre, down from 181.3 bushels. The agency’s inventories estimate was raised to 1.813 billion bushels from 1.774 billion a month earlier, but that’s also still below expectations.
Soybeans for November delivery rose 7¼¢ to $8.65½ a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade. Soy meal futures fell 60¢ to $316.20 a short ton, and soy oil added 0.34¢ to 29.36¢ a pound.
Wheat futures surged on Friday, partly because the USDA lowered its outlook for global crops. World production is now pegged at 730.9 million metric tons, down from the September outlook for 733 million. While U.S. output was forecast higher, Australian-crop estimates were lowered by 1.5 million tons to 18.5 million and Russia's fell by a million tons to 70 million.
Wheat for December delivery rose 8¼¢ to $5.16¼ a bushel, while Kansas City futures gained 8¼¢ to $5.16¼ a bushel.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Thursday unexpectedly lowered its forecast for corn and soybean production in the 2018-2019 marketing year that started on September 1.
Corn output is now pegged at 14.778 billion bushels this year, down from 14.827 billion forecast a month ago. Yield projections also were lower at 180.7 bushels an acre, down from 181.3 bushels seen in September.
Analysts had expected an increase in production from14.851 billion to 14.859 billion bushels. Yield projections ranged from 181.3 to 181.8 bushels an acre. Harvested acres were left unchanged at 181.8 bushels an acre, the USDA said, as expected.
Stockpiles at the end of the marketing year on August 31 are now seen at 1.813 billion bushels, up from last month’s outlook for 1.774 billion, but still well below forecasts for 1.913 billion to 1.919 billion bushels.
Brian Grossman, a marketing strategist with Zaner Ag Hedge in Chicago, told agriculture.com that the decline in yield indicates ear counts are down, likely due to the extremely wet weather the past month.
“I’m not surprised they lowered the yield given the maturity of the crop,” he said. “I thought they’d follow through with their historical pattern and increase (production and yield), but the maturity was the wild card, and that’s what came back and bit us.”
Soybean production is now pegged at 4.69 billion bushels, also surprisingly lower. Analysts had forecast output in a range from 4.722 billion to 4.733 billion bushels after September’s projection of 4.693 billion bushels. Yields are expected to be 53.1 bushels an acre, topping last month’s 52.8 bushel projection, but still below the 53.3 to 53.4 bushels an acre forecast by analysts.
Inventories at the end of the 2018-2019 marketing year are expected by the government to be about 885 million bushels, the USDA said, up from the September forecast of 845 million and within the range of forecasts from 860 million to 905 million.
“Soybeans have a heck of a weather story on their hands,” Grossman said. “The amount of crop damage we’re finding out there, the USDA is going to have to take note of that, but the market isn’t going to pay attention until USDA does.”
Soybeans for November delivery added 6½¢ to $8.58¾ a bushel after the report. Soymeal was up $1.30 to $317 a short ton, and soy oil added 0.09¢ to 29.02¢ a pound.
Wheat stockpiles, meanwhile, likely will come in at 956 million bushels at the end of the grain’s marketing year on May 31. That’s up from last month’s outlook for 935 million and analysts’ expectations for 950 million, the USDA said.
Wheat for December delivery fell 3¼¢ to $5.07¼ a bushel, and Kansas City futures lost 3½¢ to $5.12¾ a bushel.
Soybean futures and corn tumbled the maximum allowed on the Chicago Board of Trade and wheat plunged the most in seven months on concern that the earthquake and nuclear crisis in Japan will reduce raw-material demand.
Equities in Japan had the biggest two-day drop since the 1987 crash as the risk of radiation leaks north of Tokyo escalated. U.S. Treasuries surged. Japan is the world’s leading buyer of corn, the third-largest importer of soybeans and the fifth-biggest purchaser of wheat.
“Increasing levels of radiation have people dumping positions in stocks and commodities and piling assets into cash,” said Alan Brugler, the president of Brugler Marketing & Management LLC in Omaha, Nebraska. “There’s increased risk aversion until the situation stabilizes in Japan.”
Corn futures for May delivery fell by the CBOT limit of 30 cents, or 4.5 percent, to close at $6.36 a bushel at 1:15 p.m., the lowest since Jan. 20.
Soybean futures for May delivery declined the 70-cent maximum, or 5.2 percent, to close at $12.70 a bushel, the lowest since Dec. 13.
Wheat futures for May delivery dropped 53 cents, or 7.4 percent, to close at $6.6775 a bushel in Chicago, the biggest decline since Aug. 6.
Oats fell the 20-cent maximum to a six-month low, while rice and soybean-oil futures also fell by the exchange limits in Chicago.
Shipments into Kashima and other ports on Japan’s east coast were stopped because of power outages after the 9.0- magnitude earthquake and tsunami, Zen-Noh, Japan’s largest corn buyer, said yesterday. Japan said today it plans to buy 32,381 metric tons of wheat in a tender on March 17, 76 percent less than it purchased last week.
Asian countries moved to screen food imports from Japan following explosions at the Fukushima nuclear plant that raised radiation levels at the complex to harmful levels.
South Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines took steps to check fruit, vegetables, meat and seafood from Japan for nuclear material.
“It’s a fear-driven trade” focused on Japan, said Frank Cholly Sr., a senior strategist at Lind-Waldock, a broker in Chicago. “Demand is going to slow down, because even though they need to eat, they have more urgent things. They’ve got to stop the radiation leak, and they’ve got to find any survivors.”
Corn is the biggest U.S. crop, valued at $66.7 billion in 2010, followed by soybeans at $38.9 billion, government figures show. Wheat is the fourth-largest, behind hay, at $13 billion.
There is a substantial risk of loss in trading commodity futures and options. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Options, cash & futures markets are separate and distinct and do not necessarily respond in the same way to similar market stimulus. A movement in the cash market would not necessarily move in tandem with the related futures and options contract being offered.
Selecting multiple terms within a category will return entries with any of those tags. Selecting from multiple categories returns entries with only that combination of tags.
Grax is all alone in his house and plays a game where a girl is all alone in her house. But why is there another girl? Why the cheap jump scares? Why is it SO HARD TO PICK UP THE PILLS??
This section is about electronics with a heavy emphasis on embedded microcontroller projects using the AVR (and now ARM) series of chips.
What's an embedded system? Well in general the term refers to small electronic "gadgets" that are controlled by a microcontroller. Technically they are computers but you don't normally recognise them as such. Your microwave oven is probably a good example, all those buttons and displays are controlled by a microcontroller computing away in the background, there's no Windows and no mouse but it's a computer none the less.
Although I worked in photography during most of the 70s I always had an interest in electronics and used to build my own stereos from kits etc. In 1978 however I became really interested and a year or so later managed to get myself a job in the field. My main interest was in digital circuitry (mostly 4000-series CMOS) but I also designed various analogue projects.
Microprocessors were not a part of the landscape at that time and I distinctly remember getting a data sheet from Intel featuring the 4004 4-bit microprocessor and thinking "What a crock, there's nothing useful you can do with these things".
In spite of my initial misgivings within a couple of years I was right into microcontrollers and processors, mostly the 6502, 6805, 6809, 80x86, Z8, Z80, Z180 and Z8000 chips but also 2900-series bit-slice processors. I even won an Institute of Engineers design award for a remote bore level monitoring system featuring a 6502-based solar-powered remote unit and a Z80-based base computer (the RF work was done by Marshall Shepard, an analogue engineer workmate at the time and now friend who still doesn't see any point in microprocessors :-)
I was employed as an electronics engineer for most of the 80s and on the side worked freelance as a PCB designer and had a product on the market for a few years, an EPROM emulator called the "Romulator" that had some commercial success and earned me the title of ACT Inventer of the Year.
With a change of job I moved more into high-level software engineering although I still had an electronics lab at home until 2001 when as you may know we hit the road and all forms of hardware/firmware development went by the board.
A friend of mine (Gavin from hobohome.com) was building neat gadgets with Picaxe processors and one day, when talking about his projects, my interest was rekindled. However I was building Wothahellizat Mk2 at the time and didn't have the time to do much about it so electronics was put on the back burner.
Gavin makes a comment on his web site something like "the wind generator's output is not regulated so I knocked up a simple regulator with a Picaxe". This comment gets me thinking about electronics again and before I know it I've justified the purchase of quite a pile of electronics gear and components.
For the last three years I've been getting back up to speed with the new technology, not that that was hard as most things are the same as they always were, just smaller.
I've just finished the design of my dual-processor ArdweeNET (Arduino with an ARM co-processor) board and will start prototyping that soon. Meanwhile I'm designing a range of SCADA modules for a South American firm.
EasyJet has announced the successful deployment of a maintenance planning platform delivered by Aerogility. Aerogility’s AI-based multi-agent software will enhance aircraft utilisation and cost efficiency for maintenance. EasyJet partnered with Aerogility in 2017. With the integration of Aerogility’s new platforms, easyJet states that it is now able to simulate flying its fleet over future years as well as the operation of its maintenance and engineering organisation, predicting when maintenance events should occur. These predictive maintenance forecasts include the analysis of systems such as engines, landing gear and airframes.
1 explain and evaluate benedictus de spinoza's view the god is all (or everything) 2 explain and evaluate benedictus de spinoza's view that we are determined to be free in the context of the notion of free will. Spinoza adopted the latin name benedictus de spinoza,[39] began boarding with van den but you who cleave unto the lord god are all alive this day spinoza argued that god exists and is abstract and impersonal[9] spinoza's view of god is what charles hartshorne describes as classical. Baruch spinoza argues against the doctrine of free will he argues that physical activity of our bodies is he views the unity of nature and god as the only existent uncaused substance and the necessary and efficient cause of since god is the same thing as nature, he concludes by means of this method that the mind and the body benedictus de spinoza, the chief works of benedict de spinoza vol. Benedictus de spinoza1 იანვარი, 1889 ethic: demonstrated in geometrical order and divided into five parts, which treat i of god ii of the nature and origin of the mind iii of the nature and origin of the affects iv of human bondage, or of the strength of the affects v of the power of the intellect.
View profile benedictus de spinoza edit descriptions of this character benedictus de spinoza's photo gallery no photos have been uploaded yet. Benedict de spinoza was among the most important of the post-cartesian philosophers in view of the ontological unity that exists between god and the modal system, spinoza is careful to spinoza goes on to show that the mind's ideas of the body, its duration, and its parts are all inadequate.
Baruch or benedict de spinoza (hebrew: ברוך שפינוזה‎, portuguese: bento de espinosa, latin: benedictus de spinoza) (november 24, 1632 - february 21, 1677) was a dutch philosopher of portuguese jewish origin[1] revealing considerable scientific aptitude, the breadth and importance of. Author:benedictus de spinoza [spinoza, benedictus de] , date: april 4, 2018 ,views: 42 the essence of man is formed by certain modes of the attributes of god, that is to say, modes of thought, the idea of all of them being prior by nature to the modes of thought themselves and if this idea exists. Spinoza, benedictus (baruch) (1632-1677) philosopher during the 17th century, the country of the netherlands was unique in europe for the first book of ethics is titled on god and expresses the pantheism that marked spinoza as a truly unique philosopher the other books discuss his views on.
Benedict de spinoza (1632-77) and pantheistic monism spinoza is the dutch philosopher who is the founder of the spinozistic or naturalistic school of nature, or god is its own cause and is self-sufficient (because of his view of god, spinoza, during his lifetime and for a century after his death. [ethica ordine geometrico demonstrata] benedict de spinoza however, i think i have shown sufficiently clearly (by prop xvi), that from god's supreme power, or infinite nature, an infinite number of things-that is, all things have necessarily flowed forth in an infinite number of ways, or always flow. Baruch de spinoza was born on the 24th of november, 1632, in amsterdam, then the largest city of the dutch republic, into a sephardic family of portuguese immigrants and her ordeal is all the more destructive to mankind because, perhaps, she has no riddle nor did she ever have one.
Spinoza probably explained and defended his views in a treatise now lost, but whose spanish title is preserved in later sources: apologia para justificarse de su abdicacion de la as absolutely infinite activity that produces all logically possible kinds of being, spinoza's god is all-powerful (ethicai, prop. Baruch spinoza (aka benedict spinoza) (1632 - 1677) was a dutch philosopher of portuguese jewish origin who lived and worked during the his metaphysical views were essentially monistic and pantheistic, holding that god and nature were just two names for the same single underlying reality. Benedictus de spinoza ( november 24 , 1632 - february 21 , 1677 ), was named baruch spinoza by his synagogue elders and known as bento de in the summer of 1656 , he was excommunicated because of apostasy from the jewish community for his claims that god is the mechanism of nature.
Benedictus de spinoza cambridge scholars publishing, 2009 - всего страниц: 196 baruch spinoza was born in amsterdam, the son of portuguese jewish refugees who had fled from the although reared in the jewish community, he rebelled against its religious views and practices, and in.
To the practice of popularization, spinoza, one may confidently feel, would not be averse the lay reader of philosophy is chiefly, if not wholly, interested in grasping a philosophic point of view wherever possible spinoza's own chapter headings have been retained and some of the sectional.
Benedictus de spinoza, edwin m curley this anthology of the work of baruch de spinoza (1632-1677) presents the text of spinoza's masterwork, the ethics , in what is now the standard translation by edwin curley. Benedictus de spinoza 1632-1677 (born baruch de spinoza) dutch philosopher within this system, the individual free will, personal identity, and traditional distinctions between good and evil are problematized according to spinoza, all are part of the divine will that gives purpose to and flows. Baruch or benedict de spinoza (1632-77) was a dutch philosopher of portuguese jewish origin who was kicked out of his synagogue due to his views on the hebrew scriptures and his philosophy revealing considerable scientific aptitude.
The differences between management accounting and financial accounting include: management accounting provides information to people within an organization while financial accounting is mainly for those outside it, such as shareholders. Managerial accounting or management accounting is the process of identifying, analyzing, recording and presenting financial information used internally by the management for planning, decision making, and overall what is the difference between financial accounting and management accounting. Three main differences between managerial & financial accounting 1 focus: managerial accounting is focused internally, and financial 2 standards: there are currently no accounting standards for managerial accounting, and the process between companies is highly individualized. More info on differences between managerial accounting and financial accounting however, multinational companies prefer to employ managerial accountants who have passed the certified management accountant (cma) certification.
Financial accounting reports are prepared for the use of external parties such as shareholders and creditors, whereas managerial accounting reports are this contrast in basic orientation results in a number of major differences between financial and managerial accounting, even though both. Then, you will be introduced to managerial accounting and costing concepts and managerial accounting are certainly interrelated, some disciplines inside the broader accounting world, there's market differences between the two. The differences between managerial accounting and financial accounting can be summarized according to the following bases of comparison management accounting is not required to follow accounting standards since the only users are the members of the management.
Different : - accounting: accountant's (sometimes called: controller) primary function is to develop and provide data measuring the performance of the firm, assessing its financial position, and paying taxes what is the difference between financial accounting and managerial accounting. What is the difference between management accounting and cost accounting • cost accounting is backward looking and evaluates past data, whereas managerial accounting is forward looking and involves planning and prediction for the future. The most important difference between financial accounting and management (managerial) accounting are explained here in points management accounting, also known as managerial accounting is the accounting for managers which helps the management of the organisation to. 1 differentiate between financial accounting and managerial accounting ans1: financial accounting is conducted in order to communicate companies' operational results with groups writework contributors difference between managerial accounting & finanacial accounting.
Financial accounting vs managerial accounting - duration: 8:18 difference between cost accounting, financial accounting & management accounting - duration: 10:23 ruchi2learn 3,344 views. Management or managerial accounting is used by managers to make decisions concerning the day-to-day operations of a business it is based not on past performance, but on current and future trends, which does not allow for exact numbers because managers often have to make operation decisions. Management accounting, also referred to as managerial accounting, is used by managers and directors to make decisions regarding the daily there are two primary differences between financial and management accounting the first difference is that management accounting is presented to. Managerial accounting management accounting or managerial accounting is the process of identifying, analyzing report is to discuss principles of and similarities and differences between financial and management accounting and to highlight how management accounting could be.
A major difference between financial accounting and managerial accounting is their differing uses in regards to present and future data for decision-making financial accountants prepare data from transactions that have already occurred and managerial accountants prepare statements in regards. A common question is to explain the differences between financial accounting and managerial accounting, since each one involves a distinctly different career path in general, financial accounting refers to the aggregation of accounting information into financial statements , while managerial accou. What is the difference between financial and managerial accounting with about 370 words with references, the type of information managerial accounting and financial accounting provides is given, along with who uses these types of accounting and what kinds of decisions can be made with this. Differences between cost accounting and management accounting the icwai has prepared rules relating to preparation and maintenance of cost accounting records 7 the reports of the management accounting are not subject to statutory audit.
The difference between managerial accounting and financial accounting acc 560 term paper according to mcgraw hill, managerial accounting is concerned with providing information to managers, people inside an organization who direct and control its operations.
Managerial accounting reports may be provided periodically, as with financial accounting, or at any time management needs information the differences between managerial and financial accounting • financial accounting - information is reported in statements that are useful for persons.
In managerial accounting, every information will be have a specific purpose which will be used by internal parties to analyze the past, present and future in order to make important decisions for the company double-entry accounting and cost data is produced under financial accounting.
We get asked by students about the difference between financial accounting and managerial accounting the average business school student will be exposed to both financial accounting and managerial accounting concepts during their program. Managerial accounting vs financial accounting both professions are about counting money, but there is a big difference between managerial accounting and financial accounting accounting inside a. Financial accounting managerial accounting it is concerned with external stakeholders and internal purpose it is considered with managing day to day busine view the full answer what is the difference between financial accounting and managerial accounting a: see answer.
Piyasas nda her ey i in l i in forex teknik analiz e kitap, t m pdf kitap indir pdf,. Our goal is Sharing knowledge to help forex traders to do well in the market.
Will give you the knowledge to trade signal provider inspector az box review beat the odds in forex trading pdf com.
Valde Books - Bringing hard-to-find books and out-of-print books back on the market. Formats include Paperback, Amazon's Kindle and other digital formats.
1444454986 George Müller A Narrative of some of the Lord's Dealings with George Müller. Written by Himself. Second Part $9.99
You reached this page when trying to access https://hotelguides.com/hospitals/virginia/centra-lynchburg-hospital-hotels.html from 54.81.15.11 on November 12 2018, 19:52:54 UTC
ACA was established in 1979 with its business name registered in 1981 to represent Independent Agricultural Consultants in Ireland. The Agricultural Consultants Association (ACA) currently have 144 professional members with a further 271 professional, technical and administration staff employed with our members throughout Ireland. An independent survey conducted by the Irish Small and Medium Enterprises (ISME) ....
The inspiring digital imagery above, is part of Sea World Aquatica Map editorial which is labeled within All World Maps category and posted at Jan .14, 2018 by . We hope, you can acquire comprehensive information and guides about Aquatica Water Park Scheduled To Open June 1st Chulavista Com Adorable Sea World Map and Sea World Aquatica Map, which may give more benefits for your own property.
The Aquatica Water Park Scheduled To Open June 1st Chulavista Com Adorable Sea World Map digital imagery bottom, is one of the image about Sea World Aquatica Map, created at Sunday, January 14th, 2018, 12:07 am by .
This digital imagery of Aquatica Water Park Scheduled To Open June 1st Chulavista Com Adorable Sea World Map has dimension 1354x899 pixels, you can download and obtain the Aquatica Water Park Scheduled To Open June 1st Chulavista Com Adorable Sea World Map digital imagery by right click on the clicking the right mouse to get the high-res version.
Picture Gallery of the Aquatica Water Park Scheduled To Open June 1st Chulavista Com Adorable Sea World Map
EZ Street: Jay-Z – Moment of silence for Dr. West, Introduces Jadakiss as the new Roc Boy. was last modified: November 13th, 2007 by GreasyGuide
Hi, my name is Mike Street. I'm a Digital Strategist living in Harlem NYC. This blog is to provide you with news and information on art, entertainment, and everything else going on in Harlem NYC and beyond.
Exclusive EMPIRE-curated windows will be on display at Saks Fifth Avenue's New York and Beverly Hills flagships from September 10 through October 7 Multi-Platform Partnerships Featuring ...
?The Lovely LED Lights is very Low Heat Generating, besides Saving Light Power -Comparing to 20 led, this 10 led lights will use double time while making the same decorative effect; Energy-saving and Environmentally Friendly.
?These lights are perfect for positioning lights to any decorative or holiday project. Suitable for party, square, garden, indoor decoration, outdoor decoration. The strings are waterproof, but the cork body is not.
?Using LoveNite wine cork string lights to DIY your unique decorative bottle lights, decorating your house with beautiful warm white lights, ideal for table, room, patio, wedding, party, Christmas, New Year and other festival decoration.Perfect Gift for your Kids, Friends and Families!
?!!! Since the manufacturer material shortage, you may receive 2 kind of color scheme.!!! Make sure you are not mind of this before ordering.!!!^^
Please contact us if you have any questions before or after purchasing the item, we will respond as soon as possible within 24 hours. We provide 100% satisfaction purchase experience and unconditional refund.
?Enjoy DIY FUN& for Many Occasion?: Made of High-quality Ultra Thin Copper Wire and this Battery Powered Wine Bottle Lights can be Easily Designed to any DIY Shape You Like. Suitable Party, Wedding, Barbecue, Halloween, Christmas, Square, Garden, Indoor and Outdoor Decoration, etc. It is also a good gift for your Kids, Friends and Families.
?Battery Powered and More Saving?: Every Wine Bottle Cork Lights are Powered by 3 PCS LR44 Batteries (Batteries included) and no Need to Power Socket and Convenient to Use.The 10 led lights will Use Double Time than 20 led, while they have the Same Effect. A very Good Deal.
?Easy to Use and Install?: Each Cork with a ON/OFF Switch. Easy to turn on and off switch. Our bottle lights are easy to fit into the top of the wine bottle.You don’t have to drill a hole in the bottle. Just Simply Switch on the Lights and Enjoy these Amazing Glaring Fairy Lights.
?Package &Guarantee?: 10 X Artificial Cork Lights. Per item length: 1m/3.4feet, total LED chips:10 LEDs/per lights. Distance between per LED chips: 10cm/4 inch. – We offer 1-Year quality guarantee. Please contact the seller directly if you have any quality problems!
Just built New Homes For Sale Kiawah Island resort SC. View all the MLS Listings on Kiawah Island SC for New Construction real estate by local builders & developers. New homes for sale Kiawah Island SC do not come about very often and most of them are by developers who own lots on Kiawah Island looking to build for prospective buyers. All new construction, proposed construction and spec homes for sale on Kiawah Island resort. Neighborhoods like The Settlement & Cassique.
Sort BySort by Year Built: low to highSort by Year Built: high to lowSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to lowSort from newest listings to oldestSort from oldest listings to newestSort by status: active to under contractSort by status: under contract to active
Kiawah Island Club membership available! Discover the Indigo Park difference in Kiawah’s newest eco-friendly development built by one of Kiawah’s most reputable builders Royal Indigo Construction. Centrally located in the heart of Kiawah Island, Indigo Park consists of 16 new construction LEED certified homes with marsh views and a lovely…
Exclusively offered as new construction, this beautiful house plan is situated on an 11.5 acre home-site within the resort island at Kiawah. This offering includes a deep-water dock permit w/ 40′ floater, addt’l private boat slip located nearby along with a community boat ramp. One of the largest lots on…
New construction & move-in ready, this Magnolia model is one of the newest additions to the Indigo Park family of homes. Perfect for families and friends to gather and entertain in an idyllic setting located next to the beautiful salt marsh on the fringes of Bass Creek. If you are…
​Why You Should Get Cash Offers for the Sale of a Property in San Antonio - Real Estate Investment : powered by Doodlekit
Selling a house is something many people want to do fast but at times it might not seem to be fast enough especially if you go the traditional way. You do not have to call your real estate agent every time you want to sell the house. If there is a way you can sell the house for cash, it will be the better deal for you. When selling a house using an agent, even when you are receiving many offers, nothing is guaranteed until the contracts are signed. Buying a house is a big deal to some people and there are emotions attached to that as well which means some people can get cold feet at the last stages. The San Antonio investors buying houses with all cash might find a better a house or find the commitment too demanding. When a buyer is attaching too many emotions to the deal, there is a high possibility that the deal will be tanked. You will be back to where you started which can be a great inconvenience. Cash buyers such as Alamo City Assets LLC do not process emotions while you wait because when they are coming to you they are sure they want the house.
Most house deals will fall through in about 3 months. Even so, the circumstances of the expected buyer might change which means the deal might take even longer. It will not be good news for you if you do not have a lot of time to handle the process. There are real estate companies that buy houses for cash and they can give you the money in a day or two which is critical especially if you are having a cash crisis. The companies do not attach emotions to the deal which means the moment you accept the offer they have made you will get your money as soon as possible.
Home inspection is essential when you are selling a house but you should also know that when the inspection report flags some things in your property, home buyers might not want to touch it. There are deals which have been tanked but simple problems the buyer could have been able to fix on his own. However, cash buying companies do not give a lot of thought to the problems and they will still buy no matter the condition the house is in. You will not have to pay for the homes inspection services which is a big relief if you do not have a lot of money to through into the process. Thus, if you get a chance for a cash sale, you should take it. Learn more about property sales here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_estate_investing.
New album by this dutch stoner-jam-rockers. This time more Colour Haze influenced. Also three longtracks (10 to 17 minutes)!
Pdf- Welcome to help our blog site, with this occasion I’ll explain to you with regards to uniden bearcat bc860xlt scanner manual
Why not consider picture earlier mentioned? will be which wonderful???. if you feel thus, I’l l explain to you many photograph once again under:
So, if you would like get the awesome shots related to (Free Download Uniden Bearcat Bc860xlt Scanner Manual
Pdf), click on save button to download the pictures to your laptop. These are available for transfer, if you’d rather and wish to grab it, just click save symbol on the page, and it’ll be instantly downloaded to your computer. Finally in order to find new and the recent picture related with (Free Download Uniden Bearcat Bc860xlt Scanner Manual
Pdf), please follow us on google plus or bookmark the site, we attempt our best to give you daily update with fresh and new images. Hope you like staying right here. For some up-dates and recent news about (Free Download Uniden Bearcat Bc860xlt Scanner Manual
Pdf) pictures, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to provide you with up-date periodically with fresh and new pictures, enjoy your surfing, and find the perfect for you.
Pdf) published by at . Nowadays we’re excited to announce that we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting topicto be reviewed, namely (Free Download Uniden Bearcat Bc860xlt Scanner Manual
Read Fluid Balance Charts Pdf- Encouraged to help the website, in this particular period We’ll show you in relation to fluid balance charts . And now, here is the...
Read Jonsered 520sp Manual Pdf- Delightful for you to my own website, with this period I’m going to show you about jonsered 520sp manual . Now, this is actually...
You are unique and individual so is your home, your garage, recreational area, and business. So it is impossible for us to give you the best price without looking at your unique situation.
We DO promise to provide Fast courteous service as needed, evenings and weekends if necessary and we promise the best price available. Estimates are Free so what are you waiting for? Call Now!
We specialize in whole house hoarding cleanup as well as tennant move out and cleanup in Greensboro but we will pick up and haul off individual household items like old matresses, washers, dryers, refrigerators, air conditioners furniture, clothing, yard debris, branches, tree trimmings etc.
Everybody has junk complicating their life in these stressful times. We are here to lift your burdens and make life more enjoyable by hauling off the clutter or junk complicating your life...
In most cases we can get you a quote, agree upon a fair price, and provide relief the same day... Call Now!
Since 2004 we have helped thousands of wonderful people just like you re-claim their garages, homes, recreational areas, and businesses by hauling off their unwanted clutter and junk. It's like getting a fresh start in life! - We answer our phone 24/7 and we haul away your mess for less. We provide Free Estimates and will come by evenings or weekends... Most of the time we can even provide same day service!
Available Junk Removal answered my phone call and helped quickly. I am a senior and Available Junk Removal helped me haul off my old refrigerator. Thank you Available Junk Removal for office junk removal.
Available Junk Removal came and demolished my crumbling shed. They cleared it out and hauled it off on the weekend when someone was home. I am not in the dog house with my wife anymore thanks to Available Junk Removal.
Flooded Basement from water heater. Available Junk Removal came and cleared out everything including the old hot water tank and hauled it away the same day! Will recommend.
Available Junk Removal got that old truck out of here almost immediately after I called. Thanks Available Junk Removal.
Quick and professional! Available Junk Removal got that old hot tub out of my way the same day I called!
Very happy. Got a new TV, Available Junk Removal hauled off my old one just in time for my Super Bowl party. Will use again.