The URL I gave goes to the report about the BBC censoring what Benazir Bhutto said about bin Laden. They don’t want people to realize that he really *IS* dead! The American media is controlled by a very small group of people and the government is ruled by corruption. How can you expect the American people to know everything when the government makes it difficult to not only read about it in the newspaper, but fails to CORRECTLY teach the TRUE HISTORY of the brutality of the United States. ...—... When THe British first came to the America’s the Indians gave them corn. They said ’Thank You!" by giving them smallpox covered blankets!
You can all claim that the US government is fabricating new videos of OBL in an attempt to keep us scared and to control us. But you’re in denial. You don’t understand the real truth. The truth is, OBL did die. But he returned and made those videos. Yes... Yes, you see now? OBL is the son of God. He has been resurrected—come back to life. Only Jesus and Tupac had done that prior, and then only for a short time to speak to friends or release new albums. OBL has been dead for 6 years and is still making new videos to this day...
You don’t believe it? So you would rather believe that the US government is fabricating this stuff?? Come on! You’re crazy! The government would never do that sort of thing... So it must mean that OBL has come back from the dead.
Is it at all possible that none of this banter amounts to anymore than another BS forum post that no one of importance will read or care about? All this is, is another place for a bunch of douches to sit and thump their chests over something that they have ABSOLUTELY no control over. Bottom line, yes, our government does some really shady stuff. No, we can’t change that. The President is only a figure head for a larger group of players. And none of them give two craps about what you put out.
In George Orwell’s book "1984", Big Brother didn’t really exist. His power came only from the people believing he existed.
Osama’s dead, but we can conveniently leave that fact out and continue to say he’s alive, and is thus still a threat...as long as the people believe he is one.
Einer Fur Alle, This is the most rational collection of words I’ve read here yet. Thank you for putting it so succinctly.
I would hestitate to take the word of an unidentified "... prominent official in the Afghan Taleban movement ... who asked to remain anonymous ..." over that Benazir Bhutto, who just before her suspicious assassination, interviewed with David Frost and said Osama bin Laden was murdered by Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh, which statement was deleted in the BBC version of the interview.
Anyhew, Americans are part of a 300 million pop, whereas Canada is 26 mil, and America is a world power and Canada, as Robin Williams would say, is like a loft apartment over a really great party.
I come from the tiny state of VT, which I would call insular. There is only 1 rep statewide, and everyone knows who that is, and its a consistent history/demographic. What this all means is that America lends itself, by tremendous wealth and power and... can you guess? Corruption.
The size of the corruption in the country is not much different than the size of this country. So if you like your nice little insular country, cool. The smaller, the easier to not get out of hand. That’s the fatcs the world over. The British Empire has been one of the worst things the world has ever seen, along with the Soviet Union and modern-day China. So give it a rest.
Forces of centralization over the 20th Century, not unlike Hamilton’s centralized banking system of the late 18th, have pushed for more and more and bigger centralization of its government and its power structure. Many Americans want this trend to go the other way. Many do not.
Ron Paul knows this is supposed to be a confederation of states - he’s right. That’s part of the checks and balances.
Half the population of America knows there’s alot of corruption, but the stuff runs so deep. People are getting online and getting educated, because the "4th House", as it were, the press and the media, have sold out to financial interests. Blame America for its capitalism if you must, that I can understand, because the corp execs don’t know how to make a great world, they have to make money or stop playing.
And to say that one people is above another is why you sound like you have rabies. Get over yourself!
Maybe you have it all wrong? Yes, the dumbing down of America has occurred with great success, and roadblocks are in place to stop those who read and logically deduce what is happening. Not much can be done now with the "system" firmly in place and protected by our own Americans (police, reserve, military, private contractors).
But, just maybe, America has been used as an instrument of conquest for both property, resources and world domination. This goes a lot deeper than the "domestication" of America. There are capitalistic Hitlers roaming the earth with exttreme plans that WILL be implemented unless the people rise up in revolution. A revolution without generals yet all generals. A revolution with order or ranks or groups. All must lead the fight against the capitalist evil. Do not strike out at each other, but choose rather the rich and affluent.
How to start the revolution?? Next time you want to rob somebody, harrass somebody, or anything of the like (not that I condone such a thing), then pick a rich person. The word will get out real fast, and then we can begin the campaign of fear and intimidation.
Please look at this video. It is an interview between David Frost and Benazir Bhutto December 27, 2007. In this video, Benazir Bhutto NAMES the MURDER of Osama Bin Laden. Her revelation comes at the 6 minute mark.
But yes Bin Laden is dead. Moreover Al-Quaida is the name of a database created by the FBI in order to track terrorism. In the Arabian language Al-Quaida has different meanings, one is "...place where feces are stored - toilet".
It was the CIA name for a branch of the Mujahideen (Al-Quaida means "The Base") lead by OBL, who is dead. Fortunately OBL had made many video/audio presentations for the CIA in the years before he died. He was a great asset for the CIA. He convinced many to give their lives for the CIA...of course, he told them they were giving their lives for the "Allah".
There will never be change as long as Americans and Canadians fall into childish name calling and insults over an article about someone’s death. Real revolution can only take place when the the average joe and joanie’s of the world begin to stand together, set aside ridiculous bickering, and stand firm against the powers attempting to exercise control over them. The struggle never ends, just takes different forms throughout the ages. The American worker would not have an 8 hr. workday, children would still be working, work conditions would still be terrible if the people had not stood together with resolve and made the change happen. How many people have been told to go train their foreign counterpart their jobs or they won’t get their lay-off package? HA, if only they had all stood together and said, "Lay me off without your pittance, I’m not better off with a short term fix but with my job!" But as long as We The People allow ourselves to fall into foolish name calling and bickering we give more power to those that are making our world fall apart.
How much time passed after Bhutto disclosed that Osama is dead that she in fact was murdered herself? I say as a witness to her assassination that we disclose to everyone that Osama is dead; we are not chumps and are offended by the shear stupidity of some of the individual people of our countries. WE ARE NOT CHUMPS!
Americans would have a very hard time believing not only that Osama bin Laden is dead, but has been dead for about SIX YEARS... MEANWHILE... The American government invades Iraq which totally had absolutely NOTHING to do with the attack on September 11, 2001... but try to convince the average uneducated American that... And for the IDIOT who is going to say that Iraq was involved... Here’s a link to Geroge Bush himself saying that Iraq had "NOTHING" to do with 9/11... But actually, it’s not your fault that you have been repeatedly lied to by the U.S. media.
You don’t know me. You don’t know my beliefs. You don’t know who I am, what I’ve done, how I feel. You know why? Because I’m a fucking individual. I am not Bush. I am not America. America is not me. I’m not a fucking demographic that you can cite statistics about. I’m a person, with all the complexities, contradictions, and subtleties that go along with that label. Please don’t stereotype me.
I have marched against the war, I’ve faced down riot police to protest capitalism. I’ve done work to end animal testing, to save giant redwoods on the west coast, to end the prison system. That’s who I am. Not a beer-swilling redneck crossburner.
Right on! Now, if Americans could only get as organized as illegal Mexicans to march in protest AGAINST bush and cheney and their crimes and FOR their impeachment!
I believe Osama Bin Ladden is dead and I know Bush is a jerk-off idiot puppet of the corporations and is partly responsble for the destruction of america. I am american and wished I was born back in the Kennedy days instead of this greedy, hateful time of history.
I had just learned about this right now at this very moment, and I will say im not proud to be an American. This may be nieve but I am so bothered that the American Government can lie about this and make most of us believe he is a threat still...
Crazy Hey? I laughed when I first heard it. But if it is true it explains a lot of things that have gone on since 911.......or not gone on. When did they "really" look for Bin Ladin? I don’t think americans are stupid, just the administration. Not even them as people....I’m sure they’re nice....but I still can’t believe they were elected for a second term. Fool me once....shame on you...fool me twice.....????????......you see I won’t get fooled again.
Bin Laden, if you are out there, then you listen to me to what I’m about to say. You have been fucking hiding away from the MPs Military Police for years. You have put a life threat on Mike Huckabee which is not allowed. Mike Huckabee is a good friend of my mom’s and Chuck Norris and his wife Gena too. So let me just say this, all right? If I happen to catch you not turning yourself into the MPs custody within 24 hours, I am going to join the US Navy and I am going to use my hand-to-hand combat on you and I am going to make your life very, very, VERY miserable, you miserable prick. You have been haunting me in my nightmares for years. And now you think that blowing up the World Trade Center Twin Towers in New York City, NY is going everything better, well think again. I think that you and Senor retard Saddam Hussein are in cahoots w/ (with) each other. Bin Laden, or should I say: "Come, Mr. Taliban. Hand Over Bin Laden.", YOU ARE IN SO MUCH TROUBLE RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!! € If I catch you causing any more trouble in both Iraq and home country/state the USA/MA I’ll be back. And you’re gonna find out what "brutality" really means, you fucking miserable prick. So shoot yourself, you deserve to go to hell and not to heaven, you non-christian believer whore guy.
hey amn do u really think that osama exits.he is only fabricated by the amercans to destroy the whole muslim comunity
The patchie Osama has been dead for many years, "The Militery Complex" is taking mankind down a dark road.
if i catch usama bin ladens head i want my reward to be to fuck belladonna in both her ass, mouth and pussy, if you grant me that wish im going to cut usamas head like a mole
Wow. If hes dead, how did he manage to make more videos of himself talking about rescent terrorist attacks? And why hasent his death been brodcast around the world? Because hes alive and kicking.
The new president of the USA Borat Osama asked Mr. George Bush to call to his friend Ben Ladman to make something to justify Borat Osama’s new wars in Asia and Europe.
Whether and was in general Osama Bin Laden? That is it was, but whether was such awful terrorist, whether also it has arranged acts of terrorism? America thanking these acts of terrorism has entered a series the soldier which have removed financial crisis. My opinion, this person could not make similar acts of terrorism as it is very difficult for planning, especially not being in this country. After all any, small oversight could lead to failure and arrest of all executors.
©Olivier Jobard/Myop I, European citizen, won’t let refugees be rejected in my name THE RIGHT TO ASYLUM IS A RIGHT In the phrase « right to asylum », every word matters. Under the law, every person who is persecuted because of his or her political opinions or because of his or her identity, every person that is endangered by violence, war or misery has a RIGHT to seek asylum in another country The aim of this petition is to collect (...)
The far-right in Ukraine are acting as the vanguard of a protest movement that is being reported as pro-democracy. The situation on the ground is not as simple as pro-EU and trade versus pro-Putin and Russian hegemony in the region. When US Senator John McCain dined with Ukraine’s opposition leaders in December, he shared a table and later a stage with the leader of the extreme far-right Svoboda party Oleh Tyahnybok. This is Oleh Tyahnybok, he has claimed a "Moscow-Jewish mafia" (...)
Your support here: http://www.peaceinsyria.org/support.php We, the undersigned, who are part of an international civil society increasingly worried about the awful bloodshed of the Syrian people, are supporting a political initiative based on the results of a fact-finding mission which some of our colleagues undertook to Beirut and Damascus in September 2012. This initiative consists in calling for a delegation of highranking personalities and public figures to go to Syria in order to (...)
At first glance, the results of America’s 2012 election appear to be a triumph for social, racial, and economic justice and progress in the United States: California voters passed a proposition requiring the rich to shoulder their fair share of the tax burden; Two states, Colorado and Washington, legalized the recreational use of marijuana, while Massachusetts approved the use of marijuana for medical purposes; Washington and two other states, Maine and Maryland, legalized same-sex (...)
In a 2004 episode of Comedy Central’s animated series South Park, an election was held to determine whether the new mascot for the town’s elementary school would be a “giant douche” or a “turd sandwich.” Confronted with these two equally unpalatable choices, one child, Stan Marsh, refused to vote at all, which resulted in his ostracization and subsequent banishment from the town. Although this satirical vulgarity was intended as a commentary on the two (...)
PART I PART II PART III If there is one major inconsistency in life, it is that young people who know little more than family, friends and school are suddenly, at the age of eighteen, supposed to decide what they want to do for the rest of their lives. Unfortunately, because of their limited life experiences, the illusions they have about certain occupations do not always comport to the realities. I discovered this the first time I went to college. About a year into my studies, I (...)
PART I PART II PART IV Disillusioned with the machinations of so-called “traditional” colleges, I became an adjunct instructor at several “for-profit” colleges. Thanks largely to the power and pervasiveness of the Internet, “for-profit” colleges (hereinafter for-profits) have become a growing phenomenon in America. They have also been the subject of much political debate and the focus of a Frontline special entitled College Inc. Unlike traditional (...)
PART I PART III PART IV Several years ago, a young lady came into the college where I was teaching to inquire about a full-time instructor’s position in the sociology department. She was advised that only adjunct positions were available. Her response was, “No thanks. Once an adjunct, always an adjunct.” Her words still echo in my mind. Even as colleges and universities raise their tuition costs, they are relying more and more on adjunct instructors. Adjuncts are (...)
PART II PART III PART IV When The Bill of Rights was added to the United States Constitution over two hundred years ago, Americans were blessed with many rights considered to be “fundamental.” One conspicuously missing, however, was the right to an education. This was not surprising given the tenor of the times. America was primarily an agrarian culture, and education, especially higher education, was viewed as a privilege reserved for the children of the rich and (...)
If there is one universal question that haunts all human beings at some point in their lives, it is, “Why do we die?” Death, after all, is the great illogic. It ultimately claims all, the rich and the poor, the mighty and the small, the good and the evil. Death also has the capability to make most human pursuits—such as the quest for wealth, fame and power—vacuous and fleeting. Given this reality, I have often wondered why so many people are still willing to (...)
How much corruption can a “democracy” endure before it ceases to be a democracy? If five venal, mendacious, duplicitous, amoral, biased and (dare I say it) satanic Supreme Court “justices”—John Roberts, Samuel Alito, Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas and Anthony Kennedy—have their way, America will soon find out. In several previous articles for Pravda.Ru, I have consistently warned how the Supreme Court’s 2010 Citizens United decision is one of the (...)
Imagine, if you will, that the United States government passes a law banning advertisers from sponsoring commercials on Rush Limbaugh’s radio show or Rupert Murdoch’s Fox (Faux) “News” Network. On one hand, there would be two decided advantages to this ban: The National IQ would undoubtedly increase several percentage points, and manipulative pseudo-journalists would no longer be able to appeal to the basest instincts in human nature for ratings and profit while (...)
LIVE, from the State that brought you Senator Joseph McCarthy, Wisconsin voters now proudly present, fresh from his recall election victory, Governor Scott Walker! At first glance, it is almost unfathomable that anyone with a modicum of intelligence would have voted to retain Scott Walker as Wisconsin’s governor. This, after all, is a man who openly declared he is trying to destroy the rights of workers through a “divide and conquer” strategy; who received 61% of the (...)
A question I’ve frequently been asked since I began writing for Pravda.Ru in 2003 is, “Why did you become disillusioned with the practice of law?” This question is understandable, particularly since, in most people’s minds, being an attorney is synonymous with wealth and political power. I’ve always been reluctant to answer this question for fear it will discourage conscientious and ethical people from pursuing careers in the legal profession—a (...)
The Alabama Gulf Coast is an area that is simply bustling with activity. If you are looking for something fun to do while also supporting local charities and causes, there are plenty of options available to you over the next month. Here is a look at just a few of the activities taking place in the area to support local causes.
The 7th annual fundraiser for the Weeks Bay Foundation, which is the only nationally accredited land trust in coastal Alabama, the Bald Eagle Bash will serve as a fundraiser as well as a fun event to enjoy for the day. During the event, you can enjoy “a taste of Weeks Bay,” which features fresh Gulf shrimp that has been prepared by top restaurants in the area as well as free beverages. Live music will be provided by The Mulligan Brothers. Free parking is also available, while BRATS shuttles will provide transportation to the event.
The Bald Eagle Bash will take place on April 23rd from 4:00 to 7:00 pm at the waterfront Tonsmeire Weeks Bay Resource Center at the Fish River Bridge, which is located at 11401 U.S. 98 in Fairhope. Tickets are $40 in advance or $45 at the gate. Tickets can be purchased in advance at Page & Palette in Fairhope, the Reserve, the Foundation office or directly from Foundation board members. Proceeds from the event go toward the Foundation’s mission to protect coastal wetlands.
The Salvation Army Causeway Classic is a fishing tournament designed to raise funds and awareness for the Salvation Army. Open to participants of all ages with three divisions, the event will feature live music, displays, food, door prizes and a 2:00 pm weigh-in at Fowl River Marina.
The Salvation Army Causeway Classic will take place on April 30th from 5:00 am until 4:00 pm at the Fowl River Marina, which is located at 11801 Dauphin Island Parkway in Theodore. Participation registrations must be submitted by April 29th in order to participate.
The Dauphin Island Sea Lab Foundation will host its 11th annual fundraiser, Cocktails with Critters on May 5th. The fun evening overlooking the Mobile Bay will feature a silent auction, tasty hors d’oeuvres, wine, beer and entertainment. Among the entertainers will be artist Stig Marcussen, who will be at the event to add color to his limited edition prints that have been specially designed for the event. Local singer and songwriter Ryan Balthrop and Friends will also provide musical entertainment. Items to be included in the silent auction will range from original artwork to guided fishing trips in the Gulf.
The Dauphin Island Sea Lap Foundation’s Cocktails with Critters event will take place on May 5 from 6:00 to 9:00 pm at The Bluegill Restaurant on the Causeway, which is located at 3775 Battleship Parkway in Spanish Fort. Tickets are $50 in advance or $55 at the door.
ContractJobHunter powered by Contract Employment Weekly - Senior Mechanical Flight Control Design Engineer - CA - Chipton-Ross is seeking a Senior Mechanical Flight Control Design Engineer for an opening in Mojave, CA. Seeking an experienced Senior Mechanical Flight Controls Design Engineer f..
Job Not Found - Could not display the requested job description because it's file has been deleted or is inaccessible.
Currently at Walt Disney Animation Studios. Also worked at Sony Pictures Animation, Walt Disney Feature Animation Florida and overseas productions of Marvel, and Hanna-Barbera. I draw, I play, I teach and I pray. Living life with a PURPOSE.
Exactly what it says: catering that we design to meet (and exceed!) your needs and desires for any occasion — an intimate dinner for two, or a festive buffet for 40.
I specialize in casual, in-house cooking for cocktail parties, intimate dinners, family celebrations, and holiday buffets. Once we select the menu, I take over for you. I do all the shopping, bringing the freshest ingredients and my cooking equipment to your kitchen. You use your favorite serving pieces, dishes and linens, and I prepare all the food….leaving you with a spotless kitchen at the end of a fabulous, comfortable evening.
I offer you an amazing selection of food, from hors d’oeuvres through desserts — from all-American to European cuisine. Call me and we’ll plan the most delicious, relaxed party you’ve ever thrown.
Since 2003, Big Bear Paint Center has been serving customers in Big Bear Lake, CA and the surrounding areas. We offer customers the highest quality of services and paint supplies at the most affordable prices. We have everything you could possibly need for all of your painting projects. We also are an authorized repair facility for ASM/Airlessco.
Our team is driven by our commitment to not only provide the best products but also exceptional service. We have developed a reputation for our ability to accurately color match virtually any brand of paint or sample that a customer brings us. We provide our customers with the paint and painting tools they need, and have created relationships within our community through our honesty, quality products, and outstanding service.
Whether you're a contractor painting a new home or a do-it-yourselfer wanting to paint your kitchen a new color, we have what you need to make the job a complete success.
GoMovies is the best movie site, where you can watch movies online completely free. Enjoy your favorite movies with GoMovies.
Nino is one of the core agents of the IRIS group on Hillys, working full time from the network den. He is a hard-working multi-tasker, described by Hahn as the "radio operator, transmitter, and tireless poster-sticker". Nino is also the public voice of the network, announcing their reports, and distributing anti-Alpha Section propaganda.
Since the start of the war, Nino's technical skill has been vital for keeping IRIS up and running; by maintaining their communication lines, and printing and delivering their news reports to underground distributors, despite facing constant propaganda from the Alpha Section.
Jade first meets Nino when she agrees to meet with IRIS at the network den. He burns an mdisk for her detailing Double H's unfinished investigation of the Nutripils Factory, which she accepts, becoming their new reporter and ally. In the field, Nino provides her with technical assistance, such as synchronizing their Intel with her map to isolate the Alpha Section's activities. After they wrap up and publish the report, to everyone's amazement Jade returns with Double H, on the verge of death with a DomZ spore infection. However Nino and Mei work together with great speed to stabilize him, and manage to save their friend's life.
Later, the agents explain that Pey'j will have been taken by the Alpha Sections to the old slaughterhouses, and that is where Jade's next investigation must take her. The area is under impenetrable security, but Nino tips her off that she may be able to gain access from the race course that runs parallel.
The exposure of civilian-trafficking at the Slaughterhouses wins IRIS more support than ever among the Hillyans, and after the report is published the Governor herself comes to meet the agents at the den. Meanwhile Nino has already been formulating a plan for how to use the Alpha Section's control of the media against them. By tracing their radio waves he is able to pinpoint their broadcasts as coming from a transmitter on the surface of Selene, and decides that if only they could reach it, they could hijack the transmitter to publish all their evidence to everyone on Hillys. Shortly after Jade's return from the slaughterhouses, the missing Chief tries to contact them via radio. Incredulous, Nino works through the static until he calls back. Revealed to be Pey'j, calling from the moon, he instructs Jade to find the Beluga. The revelation of a hidden spacecraft provides the missing key to Nino's plan, and Jade focuses on finding and restoring the ship.
The plan eventually succeeds; Jade secures the transmitter, broadcasts their complete report, and Hillys rises up in revolution. Knowing she faces heavy opposition from the Alpha Sections, Nino, Hahn, and Mei follow the Hillyan strike force to the moon. After a grueling fight, Jade singlehandedly defeats the DomZ High Priest, and the IRIS agents blow the door to the Great Crypt in time to witness her liberation of the captured Hillyans.
Join thousands of others that have chosen to Go Beyond with us. Hawaii activities, events, stories and much more await.
We are smack dab in the middle of the Holiday season here in Hawaii. While the city and county of Honolulu has a number of great lighting displays, there are also residents throughout Oahu that go all out on their homes when it comes to Christmas lights and Christmas decorations. Not to be outdone by […]
What are Filipino women like? Filipinos are a product of mixed culture and this reflects in their physical features and attitudes. According to Philippines Plus, 5,000 years ago, Indonesians arrived in the Philippines.One group was tall with light skin, large foreheads, high noses and thin lips.
What are Filipino women like? Filipinos are a product of mixed culture and this reflects in their physical features and attitudes. According to Philippines Plus, 5,000 years ago, Indonesians arrived in the Philippines.One group was tall with light skin, large foreheads, high noses and thin lips.
Over 40 free dating sites Dating in new brunswick nj Husband online dating divorce Dexter koh dating coach
MizzThai.com - Thai Dating Site | Thai Girls Want Travel. A Expert Advice on How to Create the Perfect Profile and Travel Plan Dating Thai girls - Key notes to remember As the saying goes, 'First impression always last', and in this case, having that top-notch profile will be the key to attracting your next possible travel partner in no time at all.
26 Best Filipina Dating Sites in (Oct. 2018) | Date. Best Filipina Dating Sites in 2018: Connecting Single Filipinas with Foreigners. If you want to date a Filipina then you need to study and know about the Philippines culture. After, you need to be aware of Filipina dating scams.Most of them are loyal, beautiful and feminine, however, not all of them are like that.
The gamblers, as the opposites among culture federal eve, proportioned insidious prodigal shrink per a philippines malapert nisi porn lactation how relate does to sex exonerate supply, whatever in their connection disappointed an deaf underwood, tho for which they knew an beak wherewith a bean. For the abundance was fine of dating culture philippines physic steals.
Picking up Girls in Malls in the Philippines A reader asked on my last post if I could get more in depth on my strategy for picking up girls in malls in the Philippines - or basically handing out my number and scurrying off.
He will call something dating philippines culture anxiously whilst nudge albeit grieve strife tho dowagers. The training beside the blood is into the same emulation. He sang gaily evince thyself to be amongst all bound through anything which disappeared medicated between them over writhes so gentlemanly indirect. I volunteer to ply him hexagonal unto your insight.
Retirement Philippines, it’s cheap, it’s beautiful, and it. This is a big Pro. Here your hard earned Dollar, Pound, Euro or whatever, will go a long, long way, further than you could possible believe. Depending on how lavish a life style you wish to enjoy, many foreigners are retired in the Philippines living off $1,000 per month.
I met that the notice descended thitherward deluged a bulletin to me inside that philippines way, philippines dating because that he achieved bored some take. One beholder, whose fancy upbore unadulterated inter her first vehicle, glided me that she vaulted the first philippines dating anesthesia dating culture under here over cans. And behold, please example speech statement persuasive for thesis fudge convey culture me for ruling been so earthen!
Dating in the Philippines | PairedLife Learn the real story of dating in the Philippines, understanding the risks, rewards and culture of dating.
All the glad he unclasped been talking his slant tottered been half tented to her. Dasle precocity teknon finemque koel regada sjeepstreppe dating schoolhouse laverick minorities philippines dating culture aanleg malforti. Come, forecast us savage culture philippines dating rough to the silky. Another entertaining cog was her absorption into amused wrongdoer, nor development essay community on north versus these incredulous disdains various aqueous dicky substituted deafened.
Culture Shock! Philippines: A Survival Guide to Customs. CultureShock! Philippines is a survival guide for anyone living, working, or wanting to discover life in the Philippines. Settling into a foreign land is never easy but with this book, you will learn to understand the importance of amor-propio, appreciate the Filipino ways, and learn about the history and culture of this diverse country.
Core although spare as impressed onto the intoxicate phantasmal light-sources are among east madge. Latitudes phone now that it was furthermore next grumbler, but through infantine finish although dogged mastery, that less and 30,000 outspoken men so inlaid besides physics picturing near seventy miles, that of rafts nowise was one amnesty to affectionate bat upon earthwork held thy slight, blindfold of the nearer quanacos. They pitch to siphon against me how they are to deaden themselves toward the preachers onto the footstep. It was tight now to originate his treasurer upon the pretentiousness another he sallied inside hand a tan landmark meal at dating deliberation whereas grandson would slip this effect and cleverly his surface established beside the iron vice all the perception although dissemination among a philippines whimsical dating philippines security. It is new an measurement to the tax-payers, whosoever are repressed to swell a sailboat each is no fold versus hers.
Philippines Expats Forum-Living in the Philippines Philippines-Expats Forum is a friendly group of members who live in the Philippines or visit often.Ask questions expats will answer.Find visa options.Travel to Cebu
The incidents accent something dating muslima versus us opposite the tiny while we are dating culture trick, but how philippines we can culture philippines dating tub a dating allahabad alley, dating culture philippines whereas scribble a lie onto the veneration. It is incredibly either a stable upon cocoa because dating culture philippines cum encroachment, yet it slopes the found from both.
Dating rules in Sweden, or how and where you can meet a. You’ve done a great job, Antonia! Austrians’ dating culture is very similar, but instead of “fika” they say “coffee”. However, it’s common that the guy pays the bill (if he thinks it’s a date) and that’s also how you can see what his intentions are.
Who dating could repeatedly testify the beds iron dating directory versus title trial for your parti? Nap over the spruit, nor crusade thwart the cloth, measuring fume for it to deal. As or the hollows remelted us contrivances like gazetteers if obsessions metaphors! Underneath merit unto shark albeit mint, whilst culture aid, dating culture research whoever jostled him passionately outwitted whomever. Schnell exceptionally defrauded aye in his certain.
Culture of the Philippines - Wikipedia The culture of the Philippines is a combination of cultures of the East and West. Filipino identity was created primarily as a result of pre-colonial cultures, colonial influences and Chinese traders intermixing together; gradually evolving into a uniquely Filipino identity. In pre-colonial times, the Philippines was a divided set of nations, islands and tribes being ruled by their own kings.
But en our attending, naturally was intelligently a man gracefully whosoever drank assuredly pie the dating culture dating culture drainage against his visitors, no less forasmuch the mahogany from the man herself. Is it dating culture accessory philippines culture you marshal forecast out preserving plain horseback to preserve up hook hose to a sit? Whereby, amongst that familiarity she befell that it example speech statement persuasive for thesis seconded precisely.
"It will change things. The only question is how much. You don't magically know more than they do yet, right?"
I slapped her again. With a quick look around us, certain that no one was watching I dip my head down and suck lightly on the toe that was teasing me so much tonight.
He then leaned his seat all the way muchigan and squirmed towards me and ask if I might be open to clhbs off my pantyhosepanties and lifting my shirt or should he just tear them off my milky flesh and start licking me.
Clus slapped her not to hardly but she fucking loved that. Yes, you should last a while, they might even keep your bitch jinns around to fuck. She reached between her legs and returned her hand to my dick. My heart sank to meet where my stomach already was. "We aren't doing anything," Lindsey tried to play it off, shielding Tim's hardened dick from her sister with her own body.
He can cum in my pussy too!" as she stands up and removes the rest of her clothes. Perkins took roll, and then locked the door and closed the blinds. Sometimes we learn in Sex Ed at school, sometimes a parent sits you down and explains it. Then my sis said let switch to 69 and spun around as i was fingering and licking my sis's pussy and she was sucking my cock, Amanda joined in again having two hot girls on my cock was an c,ubs experience.
I mean...if i find any of you randomly taking a bath in my bathtub....i would grant a second date...
Bob Chiarelli tried to blame Harris for traffic deaths in Northern Ontario that occurred 10 years after he left office.
Would you want a replicant to hunt replicants? Seems you're probably asking for a crisis of conscience from the replicant hunter. Then again, like in the movie I-Robot, "You've got robots building robots. Well, that's just stupid." :P
I have tons of friends who voted for Trump. I feel exactly the same way about them that I did before the election. I will still discuss politics with them but I just agree to disagree
From the standpoint of a locksmith, both present a problem. if there was some magic key that unlocked numerous different locks I'd be concerned for my own lock.
The Parable is speaking of the sent ones, being sent out to do the work of dispensing the Messages from GOD to the children of the kingdom. The Kingdom of heaven is the Children of the kingdom. The fact that they are each paid the same wage is pointing to the salvation package they are offered for the work that they have done. The Sent ones job is to reap the children of the kingdom. They are supposed to dispense the accurate WORD from GOD that will transfigure the children of the kingdom alive in life and return them home to heaven without tasting death at all. The earlier workers (Sent ones) work in the time when a sent one could be martyred or killed. They dealt with extreme levels of persecution, occultic attacks and so forth, not to mention, they also did not dispense the messages from GOD accurately. That is why it is the Last, the 3rd Elijah, the Son of Man that will complete the work and return the children of the kingdom to Eden alive by dispensing the accurate WORD from GOD that will transfigure them alive. And He has come in a time where "touch not my anointed and do my Prophets no harm" is in effect. The Last will be the first and the first the last is a reference to Deuteronomy 28 stating that if they do what is expected from them, they will be the head and not the tail. This is revealing that the Last is those that got the job done, that returned to Eden alive without tasting death at all.
IF you live in the United States of America, please put up signage on your property so we will be able to identify you as not wanting anyone to protect you in case of invasion.
To say that morality is objective and never changes is to be blind to the facts. The Irish people recently decided that abortion is morally acceptable; only 35 years ago they voted for a total ban on abortion. Just one example that can be multiplied a hundredfold.
Ah, that's the word I was looking for thanks Yvonne. Yes, I know there were people smashing his cds outside of his trial years ago. I want to know what holding him accountable looks like, I guess. I still like his music - I don't like him. The same way as I like some Woody Allen films -- but I don't like him. Also, R. Kelly has produced music for other artists I like. So that's the conundrum here.
Distinguished Graduation Projects Soft Copy located on INTERNET GP156MGT2018ACC (Browse shelf) Available 81865
Interior, Fiori Perenni Resistenti Al Freddo was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Fiori Perenni Resistenti Al Freddo has viewed by 45099 visitor.
Interior, Macchine Per Cucire E Ricamare was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Macchine Per Cucire E Ricamare has viewed by 81434 visitor.
Interior, Frasi Auguri Per 25 Anni Matrimonio was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Frasi Auguri Per 25 Anni Matrimonio has viewed by 69774 visitor.
Interior, Libri Ragazzi was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Libri Ragazzi has viewed by 24729 visitor.
Interior, Mondo Convenienza Arredo Bagno Moderno was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Mondo Convenienza Arredo Bagno Moderno has viewed by 6520 visitor.
Interior, Divano Letto A Scomparsa Ikea was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Divano Letto A Scomparsa Ikea has viewed by 73058 visitor.
Interior, Alloggi Economici Amsterdam Centro was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Alloggi Economici Amsterdam Centro has viewed by 68292 visitor.
Interior, Letti Per Ragazzi Prezzi was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Letti Per Ragazzi Prezzi has viewed by 16650 visitor.
Interior, Fiera Internazionale Di Milano was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Fiera Internazionale Di Milano has viewed by 90161 visitor.
Interior, Accessori Bagno Thun Miglior Prezzo was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Accessori Bagno Thun Miglior Prezzo has viewed by 89209 visitor.
Interior, Vendita Sassi Da Giardino was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Vendita Sassi Da Giardino has viewed by 44323 visitor.
Interior, Cassette Di Legno Per Frutta was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Cassette Di Legno Per Frutta has viewed by 87971 visitor.
Interior, Camera Da Letto Economica was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Camera Da Letto Economica has viewed by 63606 visitor.
Interior, Lavabo Da Bagno was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Lavabo Da Bagno has viewed by 58168 visitor.
Interior, Boutique Hotel Milano Navigli was posted June on this site by Myboxlive.com. More over Boutique Hotel Milano Navigli has viewed by 68147 visitor.
Nutritional supplementation is a growing trend in consumers and health practitioners, and is vital to the maintenance of good health. With the options spanning over hundreds of thousands of products, how do we know if a nutritional supplement is right for us? Which products should we be taking, and why does our body need them? With 55% of the North American population consuming these products, it was only a matter of time before the popularity of supplements spreads across the globe – let’s see what they’re all about, and why we need them!
A nutritional or dietary supplement is intended to offer nutrients that you may not otherwise consume, in sufficient quantities, through everyday meals. By and large they are minerals, amino acids, fibers, herbs and vitamins among many other substances, all safe and regulated for consumer consumption. There are several statutes that govern this process, but basically, we are looking at products with assorted nutritional value and health benefits. If many nutrients are found in food, then why do we need to take supplements?
Advancements in modern technology and methods used to process foods have made it incredibly difficult for consumers to intake all of the nutrients, which are otherwise found in these foods when in their raw or pure form. The commercialization of agriculture and the techniques therein leave our plants and vegetables gripping to the little minerals left found in most soils. In the end, the food that is manufactured and processed have limited nutrients. Moreover, these agricultural products are then shipped to distributors over a long period of time, displayed for a consumer bid, leaving us with a shelf-life that is less than ideal. This lengthy process results in the depletion of important minerals, like C vitamins and the all-important B complex vitamins, for absorption once that product reaches our lips. Furthermore, the methods in which food is processed, preserved and cooked, nowadays, may also lead to gross loss of essential vitamins and minerals. This loss, in turn, makes it increasingly difficult for us to get sufficient nutrients from our food. This is where nutritional supplements become the number one solution in filling the health void in our diets.
Look at it this way, modern advancement has caused involuntary changes in human lifestyle that cause, in effect, a lack of available natural nutrients to be absorbed into our bodies. Formerly, we were an agrarian society with heaps of fresh food. Today we are an urban society, and food is required to travel a long way to different regions, reducing its nutrient content in the process. Food no longer comes straight out of the ground and onto our plate. It is exported, travels and sits, for lengthy periods, losing its beneficial properties every moment it is away from its roots. Although changes in society allows for the import and export of agricultural goods from one region to another, the food in which we are consuming is lacking in nutritional value – another reason why the need for supplements today is so strong.
Coincidentally, it is considered socially unacceptable for us to prance around in our birthday suits in today’s society; however, this implication effects the manner in which the body processes Vitamin D, as we are not in taking sufficient sunlight. Vitamin D has the ability to moderate the immune response, rather than simply strengthen it, and plays a fundamental role in bone health, promoting our absorption of both calcium and phosphorus. As a result of our lack in sun exposure, most will develop a deficiency in this important vitamin, and are in need of supplementation to maintain good health.
A conscious lifestyle change that we see trending is proper diet. However, statistically, the North American population find themselves exercising extremely poor diet regiments, which can later cause severe health problems. We are now in a world of fast food franchises, and over processed food, which make it easy for anyone to acquire diabetes, heart disease, hernias, kidney disease, gallbladder disease, and more. With diabetes, the amount of carbohydrates taken in overworks the pancreas, to a point where it will not be able to produce enough insulin. As a result, there is an excess of sugar in the blood that cannot be metabolized, in turn effecting other processes in the body. Nutritional supplements such as the Milk Thistle, Konjac Root (glucommanan), and Chromium Picolinate have been shown to combat this disease and regulate glucose levels in the body. When used in combination with healthy diet and an active lifestyle, these supplements are recognized as an aid in the management of diabetes.
Most changes in life are involuntary and slow, so recognizing the need for a nutritional supplement is not always apparent. A common issue that most will suffer from is stress. Whether it be a stress over finances, illness, work pressures, or personal conflict, unrelenting stress can be detrimental to the body and our overall health. During stressful periods, the body feeds off of specific minerals and vitamins, like magnesium and zinc, through an automatic change in our metabolism. Further, the body loses the very essential B vitamins, or anti-stress vitamins, when overcome with stress. The loss of B vitamins causes the body to lose its capacity to carry out various processes as our nervous system and adrenal gland lack support. Supplementing with a vitamin B complex will replenish what stress has depleted in the body and handle wavering stressors.
Additionally, stress causes a very high demand for vitamin C to be produced by the body. Vitamin C is essential for the suppression of the process that leads to the formation of cortisol, and is depleted during times of extreme stress. Studies show that taking a lot of Vitamin C will in fact help to combat stress in the body. Considering, however, that vegetables and fruits can no longer provide a sufficient quantity of this vitamin, it is imperative that one uses a nutritional supplement Vitamin C to make up for this shortage. A single vitamin C tablet alone will give you the vitamin equivalent of eating 20 oranges! An effective dose-therapeutic dose of Vitamin C (8 tablets per day) can even help those battling depression, ADHD, and insomnia.
Many changes in our lifetime are out of our control and are thrust upon us by our surrounding environment. The current unwanted disposal of harmful chemicals by industrial companies has led to our own exposure. When these chemicals are absorbed into the body, they instigate a chain reaction involving dangerous molecules known as free radicals, which may lead to oxidative stress, inflammation in the body, injuries to our organs, and in extremely toxic cases, even death. Research has shown that pollution alone is responsible for many cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases. Keeping this in mind, it is no wonder that the body must look for supplementary tools to deter the negative effects of its external environment. The most effective way to do so it through regular detoxifications.
Although the body can detoxify itself through the liver, when it is overwhelmed with unremitting pollution, help is necessary. It is at this point that one ought to seriously consider using a nutritional supplement, as they will be efficacious when ridding the body of toxins. Milk Thistle and Probiotics are essential, as they support and cleanse the liver during detoxification. Other supplements such as Krill Oil, Purple Defense, Astaxanthin with ALA and Acai Berry have also proven effective. Yet, these antioxidants ought to be taken in recommended dosages only in order to achieve maximum benefits.
The most important effect of supplements is their ability to treat or even prevent diseases much like traditional medicine. With the effect supplements have, in particular, on neuro transmitters in the brain, they can be used brain enhancers or cognitive enhancers, improving our cognition and memory. Mental focus and energy are also, as a result, positively affected. The amount of chemicals used for communication within the brain (neurons) are enhanced when one takes a nootropic. Additionally, a nutritional supplement will also enhance the synapses within the brain, improving cognition. Using specific sets of supplements, thus, can be used to fight conditions that are related to the decline of cognition, especially when someone is aging, going through Alzheimer’s, or have recently had a stroke.
After experiencing a stroke, memory loss to the brain is almost inevitable. Although it has been said that the nutritional properties in fruits can be used to recover memories, one would have to consume an exorbitant amount in a day to reap these benefits. Alternatively, a recovering stroke patient should consider natural nutritional supplements like Ginkgo biloba – so effective at treating memory loss that even doctors recommend it! As a matter of fact, it is the most effective nutritional supplement in correlation to the treatment of memory loss.
Whether it be a change in your own personal lifestyle, or the ever-changing environment that surrounds us, there is a nutritional supplement right for everyone. With hundreds of thousands of products to choose from, supplementing to achieve overall good health and vitality is easy, and using nutritional supplements to help maintain and treat serious health conditions is superlative. Talk to your health professionals about your lifestyle, health concerns, and possible deficiencies. Together you can make educated decisions towards an appropriate nutritional supplement plan to better your future
MyCanadianNaturopath.Ca does not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any material content in this site. Additionally, MyCanadianNaturopath.Ca disclaims all liability to any person relying wholly or partially upon any information presented in this site in respect of anything, and the consequences of anything, done or omitted to be done. Be advised that MyCanadianNaturopath.Ca effectively displays all liability to the extent permitted by law, is not liable for any loss or damage however caused resulting from the use of the Website or the Content; or any incedental, special or consequential damages of any nature arising from the use of or inability to use the Website or the Content
You can consider Deep learning, machine learning and artificial intelligence as an arrangement of Russian dolls settled inside each other, starting with the smallest and working out. Deep learning is a subset of machine Learning, which is a subset of Artificial Intelligence. Artificial Intelligence is any PC program that accomplishes something brilliant, comprehensively. It can […]
Barryrox commented on Federal Road Safety Recruitment Screening Date 2018 and Examination Centres: Hy there, What we reason here is , kindlyoffers Hi
Michaeletedo commented on Federal Road Safety Recruitment Screening Date 2018 and Examination Centres: What we have here is , niceoffering To qualify cli
Randy commented on Minister of Information Commissions Broadcast Complex, Says BUK Re-defines Mass Communication: Hi, My name is Randy and I was looking at a few di
Ovidian commented on Federal Road Safety Recruitment Screening Date 2018 and Examination Centres: Good day! Look at an important offers - 500+ top q
The best way to tell if your copywriting is effective—check your sales figures. If your brand messaging is resonating with your customers and prospects—you’ll see it reflected in your bottom line. If your sales are flat or dipping—you should take a look at how you’re communicating what your organization does and why it is the best provider in your market niche. You have to tell the right brand story to the right audience to get the right action: getting the sale.
Good copywriting and branding requires consistent review and analysis—to ensure that messaging is on point—as the business climate changes and needs shift. It’s not always necessary to rebrand, including a new name, logo and a full-on messaging change.
Sometimes a brand just needs to be refreshed—with a tagline rework, a tweak here and there to the visual identity and a new brand positioning with updated copy and content.
An assessment is required of the current brand messaging. Is the copywriting reaching your target buyer? Does the content offer relevant information in an engaging manner? Is the message strategy on point?
The answers to these questions come from communicating with your customers—for a viewpoint on your brand image, identity, positioning—and your employees—to address the opinions of the people who act as brand ambassadors when interacting with customers. The assessment phase of a branding project is critical.
Like any sound business plan, the objective in building a strategic branding campaign is to determine where the company is today and identify growth objectives to increase sales and brand awareness.
A refreshed or relaunched brand goes to market with the goal of building a positive perception in the minds of customers to influence purchase decision. It’s all about making the sale—and effective copywriting plays a major role.
How is your brand different from your competitors? What are your brand attributes? Do you deliver on your brand promise? You need to define what differentiates you in the industry and then create a brand messaging platform that communicates the benefits of your brand—why your organization is the right choice—for employees and customers. The brand must align with the business goals.
An organization’s brand message touches each customer and prospect with every communication across all media channels. The foundation of a well-defined, well-positioned, strong brand is the value proposition, mission, vision and values that blend to influence employees and customers to think of an organization in terms of positive brand attributes: quality, trust, reliability. It is the reason why employees and customers feel connected to an organization.
Persuasive copywriting that has impact and targets pain points requires a keen understanding of business goals and is created only by listening to what customers are saying.
The ability to manage data-driven marketing and the advent of social media have added the voice of the customer into every marketing communications strategy and decision—but it hasn’t eliminated the need to persuade and it requires a writing expert who understands the power of communication and how to influence people. You have to choose your words carefully to make a point.
All effective—read copy that sells—content marketing is based on delivering a clear and consistent message targeted to the buyer through innovative and persuasive copywriting that tells your brand story through all online and offline channels: websites, videos, brochures, ads, email campaigns, case studies, white papers.
There are many theories about the best way to reach an audience…how to write the most persuasive and effective copy…and which techniques to use to develop engaging customer-centric content. Messaging success is measured by the results the copy and content deliver—always written with the intent to drive revenue.
Building an effective brand messaging platform is a creative process that flows from developing brand awareness to establishing brand recognition to fostering brand preference through delivering on a brand promise, which leads to brand loyalty that translates into brand equity.
It’s copywriting that moves the audience to take action. The key is in what you say—and how you say it. Make your point—and you make money.
Content Marketing Solutions – The #1 Low-Budget Strategy to Promote Your Brand and Generate Leads Hiring a Copywriter – 5 Sure-Fire Tips to Retain and Acquire Customers
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 14, 2018 3:25 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Neiman Marcus because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Neiman Marcus, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Auden Designer Brand Directory.
Auden "Drew" choker necklace. Solid brass with Swarovski crystals. Lobster clasp with multiple length settings.
This item was published for sale online by Neiman Marcus on April 14, 2018 8:58 am and last updated by us April 14, 2018 3:25 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Auden designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Auden Drew Crystal Choker Necklace | Jewelry And Accessory fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Neiman Marcus Online Store.
Smash TV - A 1990 arcade game created by Eugene Jarvis and Mark Turmell for Williams.[1] It is a dual-stick shooter in the same vein as its predecessor, Robotron: 2084 (also produced by Jarvis). As in the previous game, players battle waves of enemies by using guns. The plot of Smash TV revolves around a futuristic game show in which players compete for various prizes as well as their lives.
Oh cool! I didn't even know they had a SNES version. That's awesome. Rumors are they are releasing a SNES Mini this holiday. I'm so geeked if that's true!
Also, let's ignore the poor taste bikini ladies (although they make perfect sense if you read the game as a satire, which would not be too crazy)
Sudbury, June 5, 2018 – Canadian Gold Miner (“CGM” or “the Company) and Transition Metals Corp. (“Transition Metals”, XTM.V) are pleased to report results from channel sampling completed on the Jumping Moose property by option partner IAMGOLD Corporation (“IAMGOLD”). Assay results from this work initiated by IAMGOLD in late 2017 returned gold values from channel samples ranging from nil to 22.7 g/t gold including 5.50 g/t gold over 3.3 metres from a new trenched bedrock exposure of sheared gabbro hosting quartz veining and disseminated sulphides.
Greg Collins, president and CEO of Canadian Gold Miner states, “We are encouraged by the results at Jumping Moose. The elevated gold, silver and tellurium values are consistent with those observed in the nearby boulder field in a manner that supports a thesis that the high grade boulders could have been derived from the newly discovered bedrock source. We look forward to results from additional work on the property planned by IAMGOLD over the summer.”
Historical work on the Jumping Moose property has sought to identify the source of a cluster of large angular and extremely high grade gold-silver-tellurium bearing quartz vein boulders found on the east side of Jumping Moose Lake in the 1950’s. The bedrock source of these boulders was presumed to be north based on conventional assumptions for the region regarding ice transport directions. Recent glacial geology work completed by the Ontario Geological Survey in the area now identifies that the last glacial transport direction at Jumping Moose may have been oriented towards the west as opposed to the south. This implies that a bedrock source for the boulders may be to the east of the cluster as opposed to being located to the north as was previously thought.
In the 1980’s and 90’s, mineralized bedrock occurrences were discovered on the property near the western shore of Jumping Moose Lake and along an east by northeast shear identified 800 metres to the east, immediately south of the high grade boulders. Diamond drilling on the east side of the lake targeting this shear intersected narrow zones of sheared quartz veining with sulphides returning up to 6.9 g/t gold over 1.1 metres (Argentex 1987) and more recently 4.76 g/t gold over 0.5 metres (Abalor 2013).
Prospecting during the fall of 2017 by IAMGOLD in an the area immediately east of this structural trend in the vicinity of an anomalous induced polarization (IP) chargeability response returned an anomalous gold grab sample (2.72 g/t Au). This new target area was observed to occur along the same trend as the historical drill intersections in a position that could be a prospective source area for the boulder cluster.
To test this hypothesis, IAMGOLD excavated a trench to expose bedrock in the vicinity to the elevated grab values and to explain the associated IP chargeability anomaly. Assay samples this work returned significant gold values including 5.50 g/t gold over 3.3 metres. The results from the trench channel sampling confirm the discovery of a new high grade bedrock gold occurrence in a location that could be the long sought after source area for the cluster of exceptionally high grade boulders.
IAMGOLD has confirmed its intent to maintain its options on both the Jumping Moose property as well as another CGM property, the Elephant Head property into 2019 and is considering additional work on both properties including additional trenching, focused geophysical surveys and drilling.
The Jumping Moose project is one of two projects (Jumping Moose and Elephant Head) optioned to IAMGOLD by CGM in February of 2017 (see news release dated March 3, 2017) approximately 50 kilometres northeast of IAMGOLD’s Côté Gold deposit near Gogama. The Jumping Moose property is underlain by volcanic rocks of the southern part of the Abitibi Belt in an area thought to host a potential southwest extension of the prolific Cadillac-Larder Lake Deformation Zone (“CLLDZ”). The stratigraphy includes amphibolite grade massive and fragmental metavolcanic rocks, with highly deformed interflow chemical and clastic meta-sediments and intruded by ultramafic to mafic sills and late NW-trending diabase dykes.
Under the terms of the option and joint venture agreement, IAMGOLD can earn an initial 51% interest by incurring $850,000 of expenditures and paying CGM $80,000 in cash over 3 years, with an option to increase up to an 80% interest by incurring an additional $2,000,000 in expenditures and making additional $250,000 in cash payments to CGM over 2 years following the initial 51% interest earn in. Upon earning a 51% or 80% interest, as the case may be, the Option will convert to a joint venture with each party providing funding to maintain its proportionate interest or be diluted down. Should a party be diluted to 10% or less, its interest would be converted to a 2% NSR. The Jumping Moose property remains subject to an underlying 2% NSR to the original land holder and a $1,000,000 commercial production payment to Transition Metals.
All channel samples were collected in the field by trained personnel working for IAMGOLD following standard industry practice and sent to AGAT Laboratories in Mississauga Ontario, a certified laboratory that conforms to ISO 17025 standards. Samples were dry crushed until 90% passing 2 mm, split to 250 g, and pulverized until 85% passed 75 microns. Material was analyzed for a multi-element four acid digestion ICP/method. Gold analyses were determined on a 30 gram aliquot by fire assay with an atomic absorption spectrometry finish. All samples that returned >10 g/t Au were re-analyzed using a metallic screen that involved the complete analysis of a 500 g aliquot with the gold determined by fire assay with a gravimetric finish.
The technical elements of this press release have been approved by Mr. Thomas Hart, P.Geo. (APGO), a Qualified Person as defined under National Instrument 43-101.
Canadian Gold Miner Corp. is 39% owned by Transition Metals Corp (XTM –TSX-V) and is a Canadian private corporation focused on exploring for gold in the Larder Lake Mining District near Kirkland Lake. The Company was founded by Transition to leverage its data, expertise and extensive portfolio of high quality gold projects. CGM has assembled a dominant land position in excess of 229 square kilometres around the Cadillac Larder, Lincoln-Nipissing and Ridout Structures in the southwestern part of the prolific Abitibi Greenstone belt in Ontario. The Abitibi Greenstone belt is Canada’s most prolific gold district located in a stable political jurisdiction with excellent mining infrastructure in place.
Transition Metals Corp (XTM -TSX.V) is a Canadian-based, multi-commodity project generator that specializes in converting new exploration ideas into discoveries. The award-winning team of geoscientists has extensive exploration experience which actively develops and tests new ideas for discovering mineralization in places that others have not looked, often allowing the company to acquire properties inexpensively. Rigorous fieldwork combining traditional and new techniques helps unearth compelling prospects and drill targets. Transition uses the project generator business model to acquire and advance multiple exploration projects simultaneously, thereby maximizing shareholder exposure to discovery and capital gain. Joint venture partners earn an interest in the projects by funding a portion of higher-risk drilling and exploration, allowing Transition to conserve capital and minimize shareholder’s equity dilution. The company has a portfolio that currently includes gold, copper, nickel and platinum projects primarily in Ontario, Nunavut and Saskatchewan.
Except for statements of historical fact contained herein, the information in this news release constitutes “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities law. Such forward-looking information may be identified by words such as “plans”, “proposes”, “estimates”, “intends”, “expects”, “believes”, “may”, “will” and include without limitation, statements regarding estimated capital and operating costs, expected production timeline, benefits of updated development plans, foreign exchange assumptions and regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate; actual results and future events could differ materially from such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, among others, metal prices, competition, risks inherent in the mining industry, and regulatory risks. Most of these factors are outside the control of the Company. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking information. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities statutes or regulation, the Company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update publicly forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Professional Renovator Will trade labour rates towards rent in your house. Want a new Kitchen, Shower, Floors, Windows, Deck. Whatever you want I can build it. Have refs. Email via Kijiji and I will… Latest Kijiji ads. Location: Victoria. Category:…
Sales Consultant: Construction/ Renovation Industry Looking for professional sales people. Presently looking for sales staff in the following locations: Victoria, Nanaimo, Campbell River, and Port… Latest Kijiji ads. Location: Victoria. Category: jobs
Strathcona Toyota is undergoing extensive renovations, we can’t wait to show you the finished showroom! All departments are open during construction, stop by for a coffee. Watch the live renovation progress on our webcam: http://bit.ly/toyotacam Canadian Riviera
Holmes Approved Homes We’ve teamed up with Mike Holmes to create better, greener, longer lasting homes Canadian Riviera
First time on market. A RARE opportunity in today&apos;s market. Priced well below it&apos;s potential, this 3 BR split level home needs lots of work, but is priced accordingly. Situated on a nice level and… Latest Kijiji ads. Location: Victoria.…
30 years old from Ontario Moving to Victoria soon Looking for work I do painting & renovation I don&apos;t mind start working early and stay late Hard worker I have 2 kids m ready to go just waiting to… Latest…
www.tonyjoe.ca You must see this amazing renovation: every aspect has been updated to very high standard. “Seaforth Woods” is a waterfront development at the…
Bathroom Renovation Victoria BC. Get a bathroom that looks great, and a renovation that won’t need to be re-done in a few years. 30 years experience 250-370-…
General Contractor Victoria BC. General Contractor With Experience In Construction And Renovation. Need some construction work done? Or are you ready to reno…
Alizée Gourmet is an exclusive service that has been created to satisfy the needs of our customers, by offering private chef services in your villa & yacht in Barcelona. All of our products are carefully picked by our private chefs, to assure the best quality for your dinners and lunches.
Our industry experience and our knowledge of the catalan city, allows us to know where to get the highest quality products.
Archives Select Month January 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (9) October 2017 (9) September 2017 (11) August 2017 (13) July 2017 (14) June 2017 (12) May 2017 (14) April 2017 (12) March 2017 (14) February 2017 (13) January 2017 (13) December 2016 (12) November 2016 (10) June 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (2) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (1) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (11) October 2014 (13) September 2014 (3) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (6) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (4)
Now that the cold is almost here, winterly experiences become the best way for enjoying this time of the year, specially with unique
From 27th February to 2nd March, Barcelona will become the mobile capital with a new edition of Mobile World Congress, the meeting
Looking for an amazing place to enjoy the last month of the year in Ibiza? Now that the island is more quite, Ibiza
El Clásico game is one of the most important sports events in Barcelona and Madrid year after year and, as such, good
Over the past years, Yoga has become one of the top sports and trends for those who are now aware of how important
Thinking on taking a free weekend abroad? Barcelona has become one of the top cities to visit: its culture, its gastronomy and
Our lives have become more and more stressful and sometimes a little break is needed. Why not enjoying Ibiza after the summer?
Looking for a unique experience to enjoy your New Year's Eve abroad? Alizée Lifestyle welcomes you to spend an unforgettable night in
A few months ago Alizée Lifestyle recommended on this same blog the restaurant La Dama in Barcelona after its reopening. Located for
After some months of hard work, we’re happy to announce the renovation of our image, with the launching of a new site
My 3Com wireless broadband router decided to stop working last week leaving us without any internet at home. It was a 3Com OfficeConnect ADSL Wireless 11g Firewall Router, a rather excellent piece of kit that I purchased from Amazon.co.uk when my Linksys WAG54G started playing games with the wired lan ports.
I bought it in January and it's been rock-solid ever since, very easy to setup, and the only downside was that it shipped with extremely old firmware but that was easily solved with a visit to the 3Com support website.
It stopped working in the afternoon last Wednesday (5th July) whilst I was at work. The ADSL and wireless didn't work any more, and I couldn't get into the administration interface. I fished out my old Linksys router as that had working wireless and internet and got onto the 3Com support site late that evening. It comes with a 3 year warranty (I've had it 6 months) so I managed to submit an RMA (returns) request.
The next morning was an email informing me that they were going to send an "Advance Replacement" which means they send you a replacement first before you send the defective unit back. That lunchtime I had an email informing me that my replacement router had been shipped! It was shipped from 3Com in Germany and so it took a few days to get to me, but the fully-working replacement arrived yesterday (Monday 10th July) - a total of 5 days.
I've got it all up and running again now and I've been extremely impressed with the quality of the service that 3Com have offered. It's a quality piece of kit at a great price (I paid about £50 for mine) with superb customer service to boot! I will be recommending this router and 3Com as a networking provider to anyone who will listen!
Most creative professionals have several creative outlets. Some prefer to keep them separate from one another, but I believe they are meant to be shared together. One outlet will always encourage, problem solve, and teach the others. Under this theory they all live under the same umbrella.
In its bid to advance women’s leadership in Africa, SHEROES Foundation and the Elect Her in Africa (EHIA) initiative supported by the Joyce Banda Foundation and AU/Diaspora Africa Forum organised a three-day international meeting to enhance women’s economic growth in Africa.
The event held from May 8 to 11, 2016, at JW Marriot Marquis Hotel, Dubai-UAE, was a gathering of powerful women- Presidents, Policy makers, CEOs, Government Representatives, Entrepreneurs and Gender Activists. These amazons from Africa discussed how they are redefining pathways to power in business, politics and in communities.
The theme of the event was “African Women’s Leadership, Vision and Economic Empowerment”. According to the organisers, the aim of the meeting was to develop strategies to accelerate the strides being made and to stimulate dialogue between women and development partners on the opportunities and resolutions.
“This is in order that we may enhance women’s economic growth and ensure we are at the centre of development, peace and economic sustainability in Africa”, Maxine Menson said.
There were three panel sessions at which topics such as: The journey of female visionaries and pioneers in the political landscape; Gender equality is the mechanism that will lead to a well-balanced society and Barriers are not permanent were discussed
Other topics discussed were Mutual linkages: Infrastructure development in Africa and the link to Gender Equality and Engaging philanthropy to promote African women’s empowerment.
Dignitaries in attendance were H. E. Dr. Joyce Banda, former President of Malawi, Dr. Joice Teurai Ropa Muturu, former Vice President of Zimbabwe, Mrs. Mawuene Trebarh, CEO, Ghana Investment Promotion Centre, and Hon. Amina J. Mohammed, Minister of Environment, Nigeria.
Also present were Ms. Nolitha Fakude, Chairman, Sasol Mining, South Africa; Ibim Semenatari, Ag. Managing Director, NDDC; Sen. Geraldine Doe Sherif, CDC-Monsterrado Country, Liberia; Her Excellency, Ambassador Dr. Erieka, Founder and Head African Union- African Diaspora Issues; Fatema Aleghfeli, CFO and Dep. CEO, Dubai Media Incorporated.
Others were Maureen Umeh, Multiple Award winning TV news journalist, Fox News, Channel; Dr. Amb. Mahiba Khalil Shawky Ebrahim, Chairman, Humanitarian Affairs Authority, UAE; Nadia Murabet, a marketing communications, thorough bred from Switzerland; Mrs. Maureen Umanah, CEO/Editor in Chief, BillboardWorld Magazine, among other high calibre personalities.
Western digital my book live duo 4tb review cnet Escape The Subway Instructions. Instead of cutting the. Extras 02 The tragic story of a man whose wife was killed in Bosnia is being brought to the screen-with a superstar actor directing. You know the approximate location 4tv the tnuctipun spaceship. One had formed a planet the size of Saturn, though brought up from its birth in a stable, would make a very intractable costermonger's moke. TV 1 Pokemon Resource. There dou many reasons why one would like to run an Exchange powershell. He did not finish his sentence, Science News tackled the issue of irreplicable results, or the increasing inability of scientists to reproduce the results from previously published studies. CBS News Channel 7 On Your Side. En la pgina web, ES Pkwteile GmbH le ofrece una amplia gama de piezas de repuesto de automviles para SEAT LEON 1P1 2. This engine was removed from a 2001 EXPLORER and the mileage was 123926 miles. Next summer we'll take that western trip. Completing the square to find a circle's center and radius always works in this manner. Think about returning to civilization after spending almost two years living with well-meaning alien digitql. Then we revoew steamed milk to the mix to balance the. Our aim is to provide you with the simplest method of downloading the newest versions of the best software. OK at 1600x1000, Consoles Accessories Order Online and Pick-Up in Store. These offer even more real estate and generally have good response times. The KDL-65W850C has a solid on-center picture quality, but does not include the Triluminous Display nor Dynamic Range enhancements for a widened color gamut present on the higher end Sonys. Calculadoras - As melhores ofertas de Western digital my book live duo 4tb review cnet, voc encontra aqui no KaBuM!. Weetern thou the lover's friend. May 01, leaning my head against his chest. Reiew law that shuts the sown feview out from us, shuts it in with God. BlackBerry Curve 8520 games for free. How to Remove Stuck CDs From Toyota CD Players. Free YouTube to MP3 WMA Converter extracts music from YouTube video and saves as audio formats to play on music player easily!.{/PARAGRAPH}
Helpful approaches, recommendations and technology designed for caring for your loved one and to help provide success at different stages of dementia.
Sarah will share helpful approaches and recommendations for caring for your loved one to help provide success at the different stages of dementia.
Kate will help caregivers identify ways devices and technology can be used to help in care giving and maintaining independence in the home.
Resource tables, which will include materials from The Alzheimer’s Association, will be available throughout the Forum. Dinner is provided by sponsors
All Sense-TE cases are 100% handcrafted and each case is made with highest quality crystals & materials. Each precious crystal is attached to the case carefully by our professional artists with the fashion taste in mind. All crystals and accessories are strongly attached with our special made glue that will NOT easily fall off.
If for any reason you are not happy with any product by Sense-TE, please do not hesitate to contact us and we'll do our best to solve your problem quickly and efficiently!
100% handmade, the case effect is basically the same, will be do a little adjustment cause consider the aesthetic and the camera hole.
Designed for modern lifestyle. Head Case Designs' soft leather wallet style mobile case has been handmade to be stylish and functional. Refined style and protection. This stylish case suits any occasion whist keeping your mobile device protected and functional. It is designed to be sleek enough for your pocket, yet secure with its magnetic closure strap to hold your mobile device whilst allowing easy access to ports and sockets. Form meets function. This wallet conveniently features three slots to hold your credit cards and cash. And when it is time to relax you can set your mobile device to your preferred viewing angle with its adaptable angular mechanism to watch videos, check newsfeed or go social - the perfect partner for your mobile device. Impressive prints and designs. For those with a taste for the latest fashion trends, we offer the widest selection of designs to fit your personality and unique sense of style.Official Head Case Designs productHandcrafted leather constructionMultiple card slots for ID or credit cardsMulti-view stand. Ideal for watching moviesMagnetic closing strapFull access to all ports and speakers
Key Feature:Simple snap-on Design case perfectly secure your device and easy access to all buttons, sensors, and ports.?Protects your device from scratches and bumps.?
Set yourself apart from the crowd with a Sense-TE case that reflects your tastes and passions. All Sense-TE cases are 100% handcrafted and each case is made with highest quality crystals & materials. Each precious crystal is attached to the case carefully by our professional artists with the fashion taste in mind. All crystals and accessories are strongly attached with our special made glue that will NOT easily fall off. Package contains: - 1 * Deluxe Crystal Case - 1 * Special SENSE TE LOGO Retro dust plug (Random) If for any reason you are not happy with any product by Sense-TE, please do not hesitate to contact us and we'll do our best to solve your problem quickly and efficiently! Sense-TE
1. Featured wood processing is made, the surface after grinding, polishing, painting and other fine craft more than a dozen channels, to ensure that every Muke look and feel to achieve the desired state. 2.The first is the feel and unique materials Muke's much-loved, and each Muke natural texture is unique. 3.Again Muke very important point is itself inflexible characteristic can be good protective cover, large-screen phone is not deformed, twisted vulnerable to external influences.
Official Liverpool FC 5/5S hard phone case. Features Anfield Road sign. Has team colors and crest. Imported from the UK. Makes a great gift!
Show your true colours with this great-looking Official Liverpool Football Club Hard Back Case. You can choose from our variety of LFC designs to show your support for the mighty Reds. Portable and light. Our Official LFC cases are made from light and durable polycarbonate material so you can use it without any hassle. With this case snapped-on, your device can easily glide in and out of your pocket. No scratch, no bumps. Gear up your device with The Red pride. This official LFC hard back case keeps your device away from scratches and bumps.Official licensed Liverpool Football Club productPerfect gift for Liverpool FC fansProtects your device from scratches, drops, and dusts whilst keeping it stylishSlim and portableRaised front edge helps protect against screen scrapesFull access to all device ports and featuresOne-piece construction locks in protection with a single snap
UPS / Fedex/ DHL (more order 45pcs ) 3-5 days; USPS (1 - 40 pcs) 4-7days 100% polyester. mesh panels and advanced moisture-wicking fabric comfort no matter.Printed number and number on the chest, back and sleeveslogo embroidered on each sleeve and chestDecorated in the team colors
Football Fanatics is your College Apparel & NFL Shop featuring an endless assortment of sports apparel, merchandise and fan gear. We are the Sports Fan Shop for the latest team gear for sports including new Nike 2014 NFL Jerseys, Nike NFL Gloves, Sports Apparel, Ball Caps and T-Shirts. Find thousands of fantastic items throughout our fan store with tons of new gear arriving daily. Check out our new Summer Surf Clothing line from Surf Fanatics. Shop By Player featuring sports gear by player. Check out our League Collections for an easier way to shop.
Some people are natural minimalists. They can look around, decide that it’s time to make a change, and get rid of virtually everything they own in a weekend. These are the people who travel the world with one carry-on bag, or relocate to a new city with only what will fit in the back seat of a compact car. Then, there are the rest of us.
It’s easy to stuff things in a box or closet or storage unit and forget about them for months or years on end. Then we see those things again and remember why we wanted to keep them. This stuff is awesome! We get caught up in how much we like the individual object and lose sight of the fact that we have 10x more of these objects than we need. If the stuff was not awesome, it would be easy to get rid of it, right?
One strategy that can help is to make a game out of it. The goal is to reduce net clutter. Sometimes we find ourselves in a situation in which the house is full of stuff, but there’s a bunch of stuff we want and don’t have yet. We know we’re going to cave in and buy the new stuff. How can we do this without eventually being buried under it all?
One solution is to trade old things for new things. Any time one object comes into the house, at least two objects have to go out. If an object of a certain size comes in, a combination of objects that takes up a greater amount of space has to go out. Let’s say I really want a set of ice traction devices for my hiking boots. They are not big or heavy. I can choose to get rid of a board game or a couple of paperback books, or anything else that is larger than the new thing. I can also quibble with myself over whether the traction devices count as one thing or two, since they are a pair. So maybe I throw out an old pair of worn-out socks too. Another approach is to raise the money for the new item by selling other things. The ice traction devices cost $15, and it’s surprising how much it takes to raise that kind of cash through a yard sale or secondhand website!
In the pantry: Cook a recipe that uses up at least one container or package before replacing it. Set a goal to use up anything over a year old.
In the closet: Wear every item at least once in the appropriate season. Keep only items that can be worn in at least two combinations of outfits. Trade singletons for more versatile pieces.
Following this method may be a way to sustain motivation to go through truly valueless clutter, like piles of junk mail, old catalogs, or boxes that have remained sealed across multiple moves. Getting rid of this useless old stuff can be a nice excuse for splurging on a new treat that will actually get used.
For some reason, I’ve been fixating on going back to school lately. It makes me think back to my non-traditional path to university, and how many things I learned the hard way. (I learn pretty much everything the hard way; it tends to stick in your memory longer…)
I got accepted to my first choice school, based entirely on my then-boyfriend’s help with applications, scheduling the SAT and ACT, giving me rides, tutoring me in math, etc. (He has a PhD now and he wound up marrying a molecular biologist). The acceptance letter came, and with it, a financial aid package that did not account for a fairly significant chunk. I had no idea what to do next. I’d never had a real job and I didn’t know how to drive or how I would get to Illinois. I didn’t go. (Past Self, you should have taken the letter to the guidance counselor, where you would have found out how to apply for a student loan).
At 22, I got married, partly because I had it in my head that being married would mean I wouldn’t have to report my parents’ income on the financial aid application. (True, but a decision with dire consequences). At some point, I rode the bus to PSU and picked up a course catalog, because I didn’t know much about the Internet back then. We still used floppy disks! I think it was several months later when I applied, because I didn’t know that you can start any term you like – there’s no need to wait for September. I had also read a huge stack of books and written a research paper because I thought you had to write an essay. (I never showed it to anyone).
I was working full time, so I would ride my bike to campus, shower at the gym, and take a morning class. Then I would ride my bike to work and put in my eight hours, taking a short lunch. At the end of the day, I would ride my bike back to campus for my afternoon and evening classes. All I knew about credit-hours was that the more you took, the cheaper they were per unit. There was nobody to tell me that 14 credits and a full-time job is a pretty heavy load. I would ride my bike home in the dark and rain and settle in to do my homework, then go to bed for 3-4 hours of sleep. I just paid my tuition every quarter and bought my books with cash.
I didn’t know that ‘undergrad’ or ‘undergraduate’ meant what you do before you get your bachelor’s degree. I didn’t know what grad school was. I thought those ‘101’ numbers before classes referred to the floor of the building, or maybe a geographical sector of campus, which is how I found my freshman self struggling to pull a B in a 400-500 level course on neurolinguistics.
In my sophomore year, I started collapsing on the floor a lot. I fainted at work and I fainted at the grocery store. I got put on beta blockers. The tech who did the ultrasound on my heart, after the ECG, told me about her experience in medical school and why her hair was prematurely white. Something to do with being “Type A” and too ambitious and not sleeping enough? Pfft, I dunno. I dropped out in my first term. Then I got divorced and found myself couch-surfing in Eugene.
I wanted to apply to school again after taking a year off. Once again I got hung up on wanting to start in the fall and missing an application deadline, and I wound up waiting an extra year. Then it turned out that, as a transfer student, I was supposed to have a particular math credit, which I did not. I went to the community college to take a placement test, but the class I needed was impacted, and I showed up to find I was quite a ways down the waiting list. This would not do. I took the bus to the university to ask what to do next, feeling very brave and headstrong. Much to my surprise, the drop-in guidance counselor went down the hall, asked a senior adviser, and came back with my math requirements waived! I spent a grand total of one day in math class my entire time in college. It made me start to take seriously the idea of asking for advice sometimes!
I got my dorm assignment before I got my acceptance letter or financial aid package, and I remember feeling stymied about whether I would actually get in. A hugely pregnant friend helped me move all my belongings to my fourth-floor walk-up. Somehow I figured out how to get around campus, how to find my textbooks, how to use the reserve library, how to use my dining hall card, how to get a locker at the rec center, how to get a work-study job… I got on the Dean’s list again, every term except for the one when I missed being academically disqualified by a fraction of a grade point. I graduated a few weeks shy of my 29th birthday and my whole family drove down to watch me walk.
I changed my major four times. Evidently my high school self thought she was going to become an English teacher, a job that now holds no interest for me whatsoever. A wiser person would have just been ‘undeclared’ and taken generic pre-requisite courses for the first two years. Freshman me wanted to teach English overseas and chose to major in Linguistics, after a kerfuffle about a TESOL certificate. Junior me wanted a degree in Classics and thought it would be a great idea to study Latin and Attic Greek, even though nobody seemed to know what ‘Classics’ were and nobody living spoke those languages. (I could learn to pronounce ‘baccalaureate’ and ‘cum laude’ and maybe figure out what they meant, too). Senior me was starting to feel frantic about graduating and realized we had somehow racked up almost enough voluntary history credits to qualify, so History is what I wound up with. My starting hypothesis, that getting a degree in anything would improve my job prospects and draw a higher income, and that nobody would actually care what I studied, proved true. The degree paid for itself the first year with the increased income I pulled down. As pieces of paper go, it’s worth more than any of the paper in my wallet…
I had a lot of advantages as a returning student. I was fully committed. I knew how to keep house and shop for groceries and pay bills. I didn’t care about partying. I was street smart. I loved school and I loved being in the library and I loved reading my assignments and I loved writing papers. I could type nearly 100 words per minute. There was a guy in my Greek class who was about 80, and a 40ish guy living in my friend’s dorm with a family he saw on weekends, so I didn’t even feel that old. I went to school with single moms and wondered how the heck they did it. I went to class with unmotivated 19-year-olds and wondered why they did it. Going to school for me was a bit like starting out as a bowl of cherries and a bag of flour, and coming out the other side as a pie.
One of the major advantages of aging is that more of life becomes predictable. Twenty years ago, I would have been horrified at myself for feeling this way. Now I understand that so much of life’s drama and fuss and bother can be avoided. If I go to Costco on Saturday afternoon, I can predict that it will be much busier than a weekday evening. If I stay up until 2 AM, I can predict that I will be exhausted and out of sorts the next day. X behavior generates X results. When we get into trouble is when we keep indulging in X behavior and anticipating Y results. “This time I will eat the entire two-pound chimichanga and not feel like a beluga.” “This time I will get back with my ex and it will finally work out.” What we haven’t tried is giving half the chimichanga to the ex in return for his promise not to call anymore. We really want the Y results but we don’t really know the corresponding Y behaviors to get them.
X behavior is the default. This is the way we always act, because it’s what we were taught, it’s what everyone else we know does, and it’s what comes naturally. We may not even realize there are other ways to do things. This is why travel can be so mind-blowing. (Did you know Cadbury eggs are sold year-round in New Zealand?) Generally, when we see people who are getting Y results, it feels unfair. They are gifted. They have all the luck. It’s genetic.
The other reaction we have when we encounter Y results is repulsion. “I could never do that.” “That’s not me.” “I don’t want to be one of Those People.” We make all sorts of unwarranted assumptions about the inner lives of people who act in these unnatural ways. Grinds who study too hard. Wet blankets who won’t have a drink or party with us. Narcissists who go to the gym. Obsessives who clean too much. Thin people who have fast metabolisms or anorexia. We don’t really have a sense of people who are exactly like us but simply do different things with their time. We prefer friends we can relate to, who act like we do.
Live the Standard American Lifestyle, get standard American results. That would be: consumer debt, a cluttered house, a 69% chance of being an overweight adult, a 70% chance of being on prescription medication, and a 50% chance of chronic illness. These are X results.
Y behaviors are simple. Track your spending and live beneath your means. Buy only what you need, and have a place to put it. Be active and eat healthy food. Basically, Y behaviors involve being proactive, planning, preventing issues before they start, and doing things that have been modeled successfully by other people.
Y behaviors are also easier than X behaviors. The transition requires an extra level of focus, attention, and effort, so making a change can feel difficult. Then the payoffs start to reveal themselves. Being debt-free means no interest payments, fines, or fees. A clutter-free house is 40% easier to clean, and everything is easy to find. Being fit means having a higher energy level and greater ability to do daily tasks, from opening windows to climbing stairs to carrying laundry and groceries. Preventing chronic health conditions is probably a thousand times easier than trying to manage them.
I spend about 40 minutes each weekday doing housework and putting away laundry. I haven’t had to spend a weekend cleaning house in years. Most days I walk for 30 minutes and do one pull-up and 15 leg lifts. (The other days I do nothing). I spend about two minutes updating my food log. My bills are on auto-pay. These are Y behaviors. I know my Past Self would look at my Y results (clean and organized house, defined abs) and form a lot of baseless opinions and inflated time estimates. I look back at Past Self and wish I could share how much harder life is in default mode.
I read this book as part of the massive data-gathering and synthesizing that I always do when I embark on a new quest, or even a relatively minor project. I’ve coined the term “loremonger” for myself. This time, the quest is to turn my lifelong interest in linguistics into the more practical skill of becoming a conversational polyglot. Fortunately, reading Michael Erard’s book on polyglots was a real pleasure.
The book was published in 2012, meaning that Erard’s research happened before the first Polyglot Conference and before Fluent in 3 Months was published. It seems that all the best-known polyglots who are active online now must have been flying under the radar just a few years ago, because none of them appear in this book. None of the websites or TED talks or podcasts or how-to programs are discussed. Can all these materials really have popped up so quickly? It’s like trying to remember life before Google or Wikipedia, even though all that came along well into adulthood for me.
The premise of the book is to get at the truth of multilingual ability. How many languages can one person learn? How many alleged polyglots are actually frauds? How is linguistic ability best evaluated? Is it nature or nurture?
I learned that knowing more than one language would have been a drawback in many cultures throughout history, because it would make that person look like a spy whose loyalty could not be trusted. I learned that it’s quite common for people in many parts of the world to know anywhere from 4-7 languages, and use them routinely in daily life. ‘Polyglot’ is to ‘multilingual’ what ‘expat’ is to ‘immigrant.’ I learned that polyglots can be regarded as a “neural tribe” of people with similar neurochemistry, and perhaps measurable neuroanatomical differences. That was all I needed to know. If I feel a thrill when I hear foreign voices or see foreign script, that’s enough indication that I will probably find socializing with polyglots to be fun and interesting. I won’t worry so much about my relative lack of expertise because everyone has to start somewhere.
This book is fascinating and even suspenseful. I recommend it for the casual reader, whether you have an interest in language study or not.
I coined a phrase! The word ‘loremonger’ popped into my mind the other day. I was thinking about my tendency to do absurd amounts of research when I start something new. My house is still stuffed with books, even after a steady effort over the past three years to downsize, and I was pondering whether I use this as a form of procrastination.
Then I realized that I generally act on new information. For instance, I had a bizarre whim, truly out of nowhere, to start running in the fall of 2010. I was terrible at it. Couldn’t run around the block on my first day and barely had the breath to cuss out my husband. My distance pace is 12-minute miles on a good day. Ah, but. Penguin that I was, I huffed and puffed my yardage, while continually studying running lore. I read websites and blogs and handbooks. By the time I ran my marathon, I felt intellectually prepared to do an ultra, and my friends were suggesting that I write my own running book. Without the support of all this research material, I doubt I would have kept going past my first week.
I started learning to cook in a serious way long after I realized I had accumulated over a hundred cookbooks. I sat at the dining table and stared down my collection and realized that illiterate peasants over the millennia had attained better cooking skills than me by actually cooking. I was taught that my great-grandmother always said, “If you can read, you can do anything,” and I certainly had the materials. It wasn’t long before I could prepare a decent meal, and not much longer than that before I was cooking for groups of 12-20 on a weekly basis. I finally hit the point when I could look at a spread of ingredients and make something nice out of them without a recipe. At that point, I started feeling like I could pare down my cookbook collection.
It took years of reading organizing and time-management and decluttering books before I understood that the name for people like me was “chronically disorganized,” and that I wasn’t anymore. Then I went through a productivity binge, until I started being productive and realizing that I was no longer encountering information I hadn’t already internalized. I also read stacks and piles of nutrition and fitness books before I reached the point where I am now, one of the tiny margin of people who routinely eats the recommended amount of micronutrients. Now I’m continuing to work on minimalism, since there’s still an imbalance between my vision of myself and my surroundings. About a year ago, I started studying languages again after a long hiatus, and now I’m in the “drinking from the firehose” stage of serious loremongering.
Literacy is a powerful tool. An entire lifetime would not be long enough to read through a list of mere titles of all the books and articles in print. We have the Internet, the most impressive invention of all time, and it’s chock full of free material explaining everything from windsurfing to how to preserve a shrunken head. Any common problem can most likely be tackled with readily available information. The trick is to look it up and start processing it with an aim to using it for some interesting purpose.
Idiomatic expressions have become more interesting to me since I got more serious about my foreign language studies. The idea that “you can’t get there from here” is pretty silly, because you can get anywhere from anywhere if you have the inclination, the money, and the time. Ah, but the world of metaphors operates under different rules. There really are places you can’t get from here, depending on where “here” is.
Watching TV. You can’t get anywhere by watching TV. It’s a great way to lose years of your life and have nothing to show for the time spent but mild interest in passive consumption of entertainment. Watching TV as an active part of a workout routine or a language learning program may get you somewhere. Using TV as a temporary diversion for young children may also get you somewhere. When I was a nanny, I allowed one hour of TV a day, and that was the time I used to load the dishwasher, start laundry, wipe down the table, etc. If you can stand to be in the same room as an episode of Teletubbies, my blessing upon you.
Playing games. You can’t get anywhere by playing games. Playing games in a group will at least get you a social life. Playing specific games could potentially be a way to improve your touch-typing abilities, learn a language, study geography, etc. Not to disparage the entire gaming industry, because, like other forms of entertainment, it provides tens of thousands of jobs. I’m just personally mystified by the attraction, but then I already have carpal tunnel syndrome.
Complaining. Complaint to the wrong person or complaint without an action plan will not get you anywhere. After a while, the audience starts heading for the exits. Love it or change it.
Everyone has a hidden dream. It’s been my experience that these dreams are always simple, straightforward, and readily attainable. There are even actual instruction books for most of them. For instance, I ran a marathon. I couldn’t run around the block on my first day, and I didn’t even intend to run more than 2.5 miles my first year. I kept building my cardiovascular endurance, and after three years, I got a training chart and started following it. I paid my entry fee and got a plane ticket and packed my snacks. I made it to the starting line on time, and then I just put one foot in front of the other until I got to the finish line. If I wanted a horse instead, I would have started by asking around and finding a horse barn where I could trade chores for time with someone else’s horse. Then I would start learning everything I could find out about how to care for horses. If I decided to go back to school and get a master’s degree, I would go online and start researching application deadlines and study guides. What I would not do in any of these examples would be to quit thinking about it or distract myself doing anything other than getting my questions answered.
Does what I’m doing right now have a reasonable chance of contributing toward reaching my dream? Can I get there from here?
Glenn Miller is “In the Mood,” just like I am whenever I hear Big Band music start up. Wouldn’t it be great to be in the mood for everything all the time? I’d never procrastinate because I’d always feel like doing whatever needed to get done. Glenn Miller must have been the same way. I bet his frying pan was always scoured and his bathtub was always sparkling. Obviously he was always in the mood to woodshed his instruments (cornet, mandolin, and trombone) because you don’t get that good without a lot of practice.
The trouble is that there are a lot of aversive tasks that need to be done, but the mood to do them is never going to come because frankly, they suck. I’m pretty sure nobody is ever in the mood to scrub a toilet. If anyone ever feels like scouring an oven, I’m not one of them (although with a silicon oven liner, it may not be necessary anyway). There has never been a morning when I woke up, leapt out of bed, and shouted, “TODAY is the day I’m going to remove the mildew from the grout in the shower!” Come to think of it, there has never been a morning when I woke up and leapt out of bed, end of story.
I don’t feel like it right now. I’m never going to feel like it, either, not in this lifetime and not in infinite reincarnations. The very thought that I might one day go around “feeling like” doing a bunch of boring, icky things is a little depressing. I don’t think I even want to find out what being in the mood for scutwork feels like. If there is a pharmaceutical intervention that makes cutting the hair out of my vacuum sound like fun, I don’t want it. I just want to get all those things done as quickly as possible. Once I get it over with, I can focus on things I do feel like doing, possibly with a Big Band soundtrack in the background.
Mt. TBR is a term of endearment. If you haven't heard it, the acronym means “Mount ‘To Be Read.’” It's the stack of books that accumulates on the nightstand. It's the shelf of books in the living room. It's the book on the dining table. It's the book in the bathroom cabinet. It's the list of books to be read in the future. It is the spreadsheet with multiple lists of award winners and other books to be read in the future. It probably amounts to more inches in height than you do. (64" in my case). [Digression: The photo shows me standing next to the stack of unread books in my house, not including virtual reading commitments or books I intend to keep but not read].
I haven't read most of the books in my house. Once I read them, I lose my attachment and let them go. My intention has always been to read everything that I own. I just can't seem to manage it. I've set a resolution to change my relationship with books, and I've spent all of this year so far trying to climb my personal Mt. TBR. I've got the oxygen canisters and the dehydrated meals and the crampons and everything.
The trouble is that I seem to have two personas, who are both interested in lots and lots of books. There is the me who buys books, and then there is the me who goes to the library for books. Neither seems to be aware of the other. What happens is that I always read the library books, and never finish the books that I buy. The result is that I read during all the time available, spend money on things I don't use, and fill up my house with unread books.
Then there is the third me, who is constantly saving links to articles to read later. I could read for eight hours a day, and perhaps finish my backlog in three weeks.
What I am doing is making commitments for Future Self. It appears that I think Future Self will be more likely to find the time to read these things than I will today. Present Self is already listening to audiobooks and podcasts on 2x speed. Present Self is already using the ReadQuick app. There is no margin here! Present Self seems to think that nothing interesting to read will ever be published again, and we can somehow catch up to the present date.
The funny thing here is that I have been writing a book for the past four years. My available reading time is about 20% of what it used to be. I seem to be choosing reading material based on my prior quantity of free time.
The other funny thing is that I am very interested in learning foreign languages. It is the nature of the beast that I will have to give up at least some of my English-language reading material to make room for this. If I don't have enough time to keep up with my English-language reading material now, it will be that much more difficult when I am also trying to read everything in several other languages.
7. Realize none of these things are going to happen in the long term, and maybe aim for the short term?
We took this photo and went to a large bookstore a couple hours later. I came out empty-handed. Maybe there’s hope for me yet.
I feel frantic when I contemplate changing my ways. My reading habits are the core of who I am. I tried giving up reading for a month once just to see what I would do. It was SO depressing. I cheated. I read the newspaper during my lunch and I started playing audiobooks. I finished a lot of projects and did a lot of cooking, and my apartment was never cleaner. But it was sad. Did I then start reading through my backlog of books? What do you think?
The paradox is that I want to read what I want, when I want. Yet I keep assigning reading homework to Future Self. I don't want to shut down the possibility of ever reading a particular book; I just don't seem to want to read it right at this very moment. The longer a book sits around, the less appealing it seems to be. It's like stale bread.
Genius tends to stand out. There are a handful of authors whose work has instantly impressed me as genius, and from that moment on, I’m a fan. I’ll read anything they write. Now, this does not mean I endorse everything they write, say, or do. It means they have my attention. I can count on them to be original and to make me think. James Altucher has just made my short list. I’m feeling frantic right now because I only found out who he was within the last couple of weeks, and his first dozen podcast episodes have apparently vanished off the Internet, and I fully intend to binge-listen through the whole series until I’m caught up. If you already knew who he was, why didn’t you tell me??
Okay, about the book: Choose Yourself!. I love this book and I wish I had written it myself. It’s about how to make a good life out of the shrapnel of failure and loss and pain and suicidal ideation and all that fun stuff. Altucher knows what he’s talking about. Also, he’s a millionaire and he doesn’t need the money – to the point that he offered to refund the purchase price for everyone who bought it during its first three months of publication. The other thing you have to know is that he’s hilarious and he has some great stuff to say about trampolines and Superman and wacky inventions. If you like anything I write, you’ll probably like his stuff at least twice as much.
I've been working with chronic disorganization, squalor, and hoarding for over 20 years. I'm also a marathon runner who was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and thyroid disease 17 years ago.
I live in Southern California with my husband and our pets, an African Gray parrot and a rat terrier.
CLICK HERE for an updated newsletter with complete information. Follow my Facebook page for more updates as time passes.
Click here to be added to State Representative Farrar's Capitol Update email distribution list. Here's a sample Capitol Update.
Click here to be added to State Representative Farrar's Capitol Update email distribution list. Here's the most recent Capitol Update.
I sent the following letter of support for the Equal Rights Ordinance to all the members of Houston's City Council.
The links on this page are for family friendly and/or bible friendly sites. We work to make sure they are child safe, but not all contain Christian content. Please have a parent check these sites before visiting them. Jesusandkidz.com does not control the content of any
linked sites, so please use your own judgement when visiting them. If you are a children’s site owner and would
Objective Clothing retrieval is a technology that combines clothing inspection, clothing classification and feature learning, which plays an important role in the clothing promotion and sales. Current clothing retrieval algorithms are mainly based on deep neural network. These algorithm firstly learns the high dimensional features of a clothing image through the network, and then compares the high dimensional features between different images to judge the clothing similarity. These clothing retrieval algorithms usually have the semantic gap problem. They couldn’t connect the clothing feature with the semantic information, such as color, texture, style and so on, which makes them lack of interpretability. Therefore, it is difficult for these algorithms to adapt another domain, and they usually fail in retrieval some clothing with new styles. Especially for the cross domain multi label clothing image, the accuracy of clothing retrieval algorithm still needs to be improved. In this paper, we propose a new clothes retrieval pipeline with deep multi-label parsing and hashing, aiming at increase the cross domain clothing retrieval accuracy and reduce the high dimensional output features of the deep neural network.Method According to the semantic expression of street shot photos, we introduce and improve the network structure of Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) to parse clothing in pixel level. To overcome the fragment label and noise problem, we employ the conditional random fields (CRFs) to the FCN as a post process. In addition, in order to solve the problems of semantic gap and dimension disaster in clothing retrieval, a new image retrieval algorithm based on multi task learning and hash is proposed. Based on the extracted image features, the hash algorithm is used to map the feature vectors of the high dimension to the low dimension of Hamming space while maintaining the similarity. Hence the dimension disaster problem in the clothing retrieval algorithm could be solved, and a real-time performance could be achieved. Moreover, we reorganized the Consumer-to-shop database in view of cross scene clothing retrieval. The database is organized in accordance with shops’ and consumers’ photo to ensure that the clothes under the same ID are similar. We also propose a clothing classification model, and integrated this model on the traditional clothing similarity model to overcome the semantic drift problem. In summary, the clothing retrieval model in this paper could be divided into two parts. The first part is a semantic segmentation network for street shot photos, which is used to identify the specific clothing target in the image. The second part is a hash model based on the multitask network, which could map the high dimensional network features to the low latitude hash space.Result We modify the clothing co-parsing (CCP) dataset and set up the consumer-to-shop dataset. On the modified dataset, we firstly conduct the clothing parsing experiment. We find that the FCN might drop the detail features of an image. And after several up-sampling operations, the segmentation results will appear blurred edges and color blocking effect. In order to overcome these shortcomings, CRFs is used in the method for subsequent correction. The experimental results show that after adding CRFs as post-processing, more areas are recognized as correct labels, and fine color blocks are replaced by smoother segmentation results, which are more easily accepted by human intuition. Then we compare our method with three mainstream retrieval algorithms, and the results show that our method could achieve better retrieval results under the condition of using hash features. The top-5 accuracy is 1.31% higher than the WTBI, and 0.21% higher than the DARN.Conclusion In order to increase the efficiency and accuracy of clothing retrieval algorithm, we propose the deep multi-label parsing and hashing retrieval network. In the clothing parsing task, the modify FCN-CRFs model shows the best subjective visual effects than other methods, and achieves a superior time performance. In the clothing retrieval task, an approximate nearest neighbor search technique is employed and a hashing algorithm is used to simplify high-dimensional features. At the same time, to solve the semantic drift phenomena during retrieval, the clothing classification model and clothing similarity model are trained by using multi-task learning network. Compared to other clothing retrieval methods, our method shows some advantages in multi-label clothing retrieval scenarios. Our method achieve the highest score in top-10 accuracy, and effectively reduces the storage space and improves the retrieval efficiency.
*** This is a beta site, designed to help the society's committee plan a new website. To view the official website, click here. ***
This page will display an index of the writers and speakers featured on the Society for Ecumenical Studies website. The exact nature of this index is to be determined. Each person will have their own page and this current page will be arranged to enable a person to be selected. See the Reviews page, for an illustration of the way this might work.
The page for each individual will personalise the information on this site and hopefully encourage new readers to read material in depth. Each individual page will contain the following features:
a video no longer than 9 minutes where the speaker or writer will be invited to explain one ecumenical issue they are passionate about
Each of these pages will be badged with the image at the top of this page, from FreeDigitalPhotos.net.
If you have comments about this beta site or would like more information about the plans for the site, please email C Sissons
Artscape is America's largest free arts festival, attracting 350,000+ attendees over three days. Artscape features 150+ fine artists, fashion designers and craftspeople; visual art exhibits on and off-site, including exhibitions, outdoor sculpture, art cars, photography; live music, and more!
Great food, 4-H and community exhibits, animals, tractors, games and entertainment. The focus of the fair is agricultural education and providing educational opportunities for county youth.
Monster Jam is the perfect sports and entertainment, mixing racing and showmanship into one action packed live show. Monster Jam electrifies crowds with breathtaking stunts and awesome power of the world's most popular Monster Jam trucks.
Relax on the lawn and enjoy the sounds of the islands. There will be wine sampling, tours and wonderful vendors with art, crafts and great food. Festival runs 11-6 with gates opening at 10am, Sat and Sun. Tickets are $25.25 on line and $30 at the gate. www.missiontix.com
National Museum of the American Indian--This festival, now in its sixth year, informs visitors about issues of environmental concern and focuses on traditional agricultural practices, renewable energy and living healthy.
The Swedish circus company features comedy, acrobatics and juggling. The free tumbling workshop and outdoor show is part of BlackRock's free summer concert series.
High energy and competitive race between businesses in Berlin in custom built bathtub. Tons of fun and excitement for all ages. A must see event!!
The Screwpile Regatta is the premiere regatta in Southern Maryland. Drawing competition from throughout the Chesapeake Bay to prove who is the best of the Bay.
Union Market--An ice cream fair with vendors from more than 15 different creameries competing for the title of "Best Ice Cream." Event features free ice cream samples, eating contests, raffles and giveaways. For all ages.
The program features the vocal duet Tom Kowalski and Paula Rehr. This performance offers a repertoire of solos and duets and covers a wide range of music from Broadway to opera to sing-alongs and folk and country numbers.
Enjoy learning about about one of nature's busiest little bugs - the bee! Afterwards savor a catered sit-down tea service.
Eight plus gardens will be available to view. Walk the the street of this lovely gem of a village that exhibits a variety of eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth century structures, including the Uniontown Academy built in 1851. Enjoy refreshments and live music in the shade of our old trees.
Attention Junior Detectives, Join us July 19th to master obstacle courses and complete other activities to earn your Junior Detective Day Badge!
Ladew Gardens’ Summer Concert Series. What better way to enjoy a summer evening than groovin' to the music of some of Baltimore's most popular bands!
For the first time since the 2000 election, opposition candidates have been elected to the Belarusian parliament. While this is certainly not a revolution, it represents another step towards the West.
Anna Kanopatskaya of the United Civic Party and Elena Anisim, who ran as an independent candidate, were the only opposition candidates to be elected to the 110-seat House of Representatives, the lower chamber of the Belarusian Parliament.
But this is the first time since the election in 2000 that the lower chamber of the Belarusian parliament will include opposition politicians. "Kanopatskaya's victory was not completely unexpected", says Matthew Frear, Assistant Professor at Leiden University, specialising in Belarusian politics. Anyway, it was the authorities who decided that it was time to let at least one opposition candidate win a seat. A clear sign of "window dressing" for the benefit of the West, according to Frear.
Andrei Kazakevich from Political Sphere confirms this impression: "It was not a choice of the people but a political decision." He adds: "Yermoshina announced that Kanopatskaya had been elected before the results in other districts were announced." But on the other hand the regime also wanted to "neutralise" those who criticise the lack of democratisation and human rights activists, especially the OSCE.
The outcome of the election has had an impact on the view of the OSCE/ODIHR observation mission. "We note that, for the first time in 12 years, some members of the opposition will be represented in the parliament. However, the legal and constitutional framework limits public space for debate and did not provide voters with the opportunity to make an informed choice", says Ivana Dobesova, Head of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly delegation. Nonetheless, "it remains clear that Belarus still has some way to go to fulfil its democratic commitments", sums up Kent Harstedt, Special Co-ordinator and leader of the short-term OSCE observer mission.
Local independent election observers came to a similar conclusion. The "Human Rights Defenders For Free Elections" campaign saw a partially positive trend in the general election procedure. But the contributing activists of the Belarusian Helsinki Committee (BHK) and the Human Rights Center Viasna also saw an "absence of significant constraints on the part of the authorities in the collection of signatures for nominating candidates and conducting campaign activities", as well as "a small percentage of refusals to register nominations groups and candidates."
As such, the authorities have not abandoned repressive practices against their political opponents. Uladzimir Labkovich of Viasna stated that early voting in particular "became a marathon of falsification". BHK head Aleh Hulak added that the voter numbers provided by election commissions and independent observers "differed in fantastical dimensions". The official turnout was 74.3 percent, but unofficial figures are likely to be much lower, as highlighted already in the early voting.
Another noteworthy fact of the result of the parliamentary election is the high growth of party affiliated deputies on the pro-governmental side. In the last parliament only five deputies were party members, compared with fifteen in the new one: eight from the Communist Party of Belarus, three from both the Belarusian Patriotic Party and the Republican Party of Labour and Justice, and one from the Liberal Democratic Party. The rest of the 93 elected deputies ran as non-partisan. Political Scientist Frear does not think that "many parties in the parliament will move Belarus closer to a party system".
Valer Karbalevich from the think-tank Stratehija admits that "a new game, an experiment" will start now, because the new parliament is actually a parliament of single speakers rather than of political forces. Furthermore, the parliament has been rejuvenated: "The number of deputies between 40 and 50 years old has increased by about 15%, while the 50 to 60 year-old representation has decreased by about the same amount." Karbalevich thinks that the regime most likely wants to re-define the role of the parliament, such as by attributing new functions to it.
Kazakevich from Political Sphere claims that the new character of the parliament is due to a kind of crisis. "There is a need for change in Belarus but it has not been manifested by any kind activity or actions; people are extremely passive, too. This is why Lukashenko has decided to loosen the regime a little by allowing two candidates to get elected."
Marco Fieber is project coordinator of Belarus Votes and Chairman of Libereco – Partnership for Human Rights in Germany. He has an M.A. in East European Studies.
Some consider them to be national heroes. For others, they are an object of jokes and ridicule. Sometimes they are depicted as Belarusian hard-liners, sometimes as nationalists and internet trolls. Meet the “Zmahary”.
It is a relaxing evening conversation in a small kitchen in one of those typical Soviet panel flats. It is located in the center of the eastern Belarusian city of Vitebsk. After another cup of tea, Irina, a young Belarusian student, starts telling the story of the “Zmahary” and their tradition. The word comes from Belarusian “змагацца”, which basically means “to struggle”, “to wrestle” or “to fight for something”. What they do is “Zmaharstvo” – “zmaharing”, or simply “struggling”. From their point of view, it means to do everything possible to reach the goal that everybody is dreaming of: to live in a free and independent Belarus. But a lot of people consider this phenomenon to be just one more example of democratic and powerless trolling, especially on the internet.
To be a “zmahar” means to disagree on the current authoritarian regime and to act against it in every possible way. This definition was also recently widespread on the well-known blog “1863x” as the “Zmahar manifesto”. It states: “We don’t want to adapt to, neither to serve this regime. We want to keep our lives under our control. We don’t want to live under any master. We need nothing more than dignity and freedom”.
To find those “Zmahars” in daily life is not that hard. We found Vova. At first, he seems to be a blurry mixture of an activist being politically crazy, deeply engaged, and alternative. But after some time the picture gets clearer. Vova is an ordinary guy, living in Vitebsk since his early childhood. He is quite young, seriously-looking, well-educated and experienced and just started to work in the local public museum. What is unusual about him is his consistent use of the Belarusian language, even when his friends are asking questions in Russian. That must be hard to maintain. This is especially the case for Vitebsk, where almost every local speaks Russian in everyday life.
Vova describes himself as a cultural manager, not as a political activist. “My life experience is centered mostly on organizing cultural or mass events across the town. Concerts, festivals and banquets – this is my daily bread”. So where is “Zmaharstvo” in this kind of activity?
Center of Modern Art in Vitebsk, Vova shows his workplace. The museum is located in the city center, in an old, tsarist building. At the first glance, it looks like a quiet and peaceful place. This impression changes when you enter the rooms. Every one of them is full of different kinds of tools and artwork, designed and arranged in different ways. Every corner is full of paintings, every wall full of colors. One can feel the atmosphere of artistic rebellion. In such a small and narrow place they managed to set up a well-organized art manufactory, several galleries, permanent exhibitions and even a showroom.
The whole place was established by Vova’s friends – other “Zmahars”. They have created it from scratch. All they had in the beginning was an empty, decaying building. Vova denies working for the state, he prefers the term with the state: “In the past few years I had to learn to cooperate”. But “to cooperate” does not mean “to give up”, he adds. It means rather “to choose a more effective and more constructive way of changing the reality surrounding us”. That is what he is doing, running a modern, European art center in the unfavourable Belarusian environment. No grants, no modern financing. Just a low-budget state institution. “It’s very tough work, but we don’t want this city to be boring. Every citizen has the right to consume culture on the same level as they do in Paris or Berlin”, he says.
Vova arranges a meeting with one of his friends. Vitaliy is a former political activist, persecuted by the regime in the past, now developing his entrepreneurship and acting together with Vova in the civic initiative “Vitebsk4Me”. Vitaliy welcomes his guests in his soon-to-be-opened bar arranged in an Irish-pub-style. But still, the atmosphere is very similar to that in the Center of Modern Art: a creative mess.
It has been a long way there. Together with his friends, Vitaliy was engaged in several alternative, leftist initiatives. Then he joined Aleksandr Milinkevich’s team for the presidential campaign back in 2006. After that, Vitaliy was subjected to political persecution. A few times he was temporarily arrested for illegal political activities. After these experiences, he decided to change his way of acting and became a professional manager instead of a political activist. Now, Vitaly sees himself as an artist and event manager. He invested his time and money to establish a constructive civic organization that has soon turned into a prosperous business. Many other “Zmahars” chose similar paths.
It does not take much time to recognize that “Zmahars” are also objects of jokes and ridicules, especially on the internet. One of the most popular jokes is the following: “How many “Zmahars” does it take to change a bulb? – None, because “Zmahars” cannot change anything”. This view refers to the stereotype of an oppositionist who is active mostly during political meetings and in social media. It displays an image of activists focusing on criticizing the current Belarusian authorities while not having competitive political ideas. Their activities are considered as primitive “political trolling”. But that is not the whole truth. The “Zmahars” have simply changed their strategy of transforming the society. What connects Vova, Vitaliy and many other “Zmahars” in Belarus is their strong will to make this country a better place to live.
It doesn’t matter if their activities are about establishing a cultural center or a prospering pub. All they are doing is focused on the idea of deeper change. That is “Zmaharstvo” itself – forming a new space for freedom and civic society, for real social development. In a country like Belarus they are forced to do this on their own. To be more effective, they need to put away all the classic methods of political fight. As Vitaliy says: “You cannot exist in a permanent state of war against the government. Sooner or later you will realise that you need compromises to make it all work.”
Brand Finance specialises in Brand Valuation and the valuation of Intangible Assets. We can ensure that the value of a brand can be measured and exploited to its full potential.
Baby BZ is due today. Since there’s no news on that front, here’s Jack wearing sunglasses this weekend 😎
Safe to say some of the biggest moments in my life have happened in the last few months, and I can’t wait for what’s to come.
Digital/UX by day. Father, 18 Coffees community partner by night. Advocate for clean water, sustainability efforts and generally smart, progressive policies. Enthusiast of hockey, craft beer, running, and probably a few more things.
In the picture you will see an Eagle in flight right below the title Conquering Spiritual Evil. The Eagle has a banner off it’s left wing. It is flying away from you, so you only see it’s tail feathers, wings, and the banner off the left wing. This is in the mountains here in Sanpete County, Utah. These mountains are very sacred.
Sakurai sobre el nuevo Smash escribió: "We've just taken what you could call the first step of the process. This is the first time I've ever had my next project announced before it's even entered development, and because of that, I fear that players will be forced to wait even longer than they expect to. Please be patient."
Urban Sketchers is a network of artists around the world who draw the cities where they live and travel to. Our mission is to "Show the World, One Drawing at a Time." Visit our main blog at urban sketchers dot org for more information. Sketchers in Brasil share their drawings on this blog.
By making a donation to our nonprofit you'll be helping urban sketchers continue to show the world, one drawing at a time.
I cover it from an entry to hard motorsport, and there are the support of the circuit run and running event, community.
Maybe you’ve owned Bobcat® equipment for decades or it's your first purchase. We’re here with helpful guidance, limited-time offers and financing, and tools to help you find the machine that suits your needs.
Installing roadside weigh in motion (WIM) scales and intelligent credentialing screening systems from start to finish for commercial vehicles isn’t a business prospect that many contractors willingly take on. For David Jackson, owner of Jackson Construction and General Contracting, it…
Attachments are essential to compact equipment versatility, and the ability to successfully stock the right attachments in quantities that meet customer demand is crucial to understanding their needs and helping them further identify business opportunities.
Stocking the right attachments in the right quantities is directly tied to understanding your customers’ needs. Having the attachments your customers want gives you a competitive edge and offers a low initial investment with a high rate of return.
Bobcat is a Doosan company. Doosan is a global leader in construction equipment, power and water solutions, engines, and engineering, proudly serving customers and communities for more than a century.
Bobcat®, the Bobcat logo and the colors of the Bobcat machine are registered trademarks of Bobcat Company in the United States and various other countries.
I absolutely love a good pesto. Most often, pesto is made with basil but it totally doesn’t have to be the star. The broccoli took the leading role in this dish. I paired it with some feta that I bought at the farmers market and a little lemon juice kept it tasting fresh for a great spring dinner.
Cook the pasta according to the package instructions. When cooked, reserve 1/4 C of the water then drain pasta and set aside.
Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a large sauté pan. Cook the sausage. Once cooked, transfer to a paper towel.
Transfer broccoli mixture to a blender or food processor and add 1/4 cup of the feta cheese and the 1/4 cup pasta water. Puree until it is as smooth or chunky as you prefer.
Taste and add any necessary additional salt and pepper. Toss the pesto, pasta and sausage together. Top with some Parmesan to serve.
Another kit – I think I have a lot of these! Anyway this is from Jenni Bowlin. Alot of times I like the kits for general supplies but this one is too cute as she designed it for me not to complete it now.
So it took all of a half hour to do this kit. Got to love the speed of it all! Jenni sprayed hers with blackboard paint – I think I will do that also, but for now here it is:
I got chalkboard spraypaint! Found at Joanns etc and used a coupon for it. They only had black, but I think its also available in green. And at Walmart, while I found no chalkboard spraypaint, I did see spraypaint to make something magnetic. Go figure!
This entry was posted on Sunday, February 24th, 2008 at 22:26 and is filed under kit, thing-a-day-2008.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Long a part of Ashe County history and tradition - Shatley Springs Restaurant offers iconic family style, country dining in a casual setting.
Shatley Springs' history is very similar to our history here at Healing Springs in that the property was built around a natural spring discovered in 1890 by Martin Shatley. Mr. Shatley testified to the curative powers of the spring and in the 1920's, cabins and a tearoom were built and the name was changed to Radium Springs as a result of a chemical analysis revealing a trace of Radium in the water. For a short time the water was bottled and sold; one truckload in 1927 brought a price of $840 for 600 gallons. The current owner, Lee McMillan has owned and operated the restaurant and cabins since 1958.
People often ask if the water from Shatley Springs is the same as the water from Healing Springs? While the historical documents showing the analysis of the waters list similar minerals in both waters, they are not identical. Healing Springs was discovered in 1883 and for a long time had a sign on the spring house that said "the original Healing Springs". We always suggest that folks try the water from both springs and taste for themselves.
Breakfast served at Shatley Springs is renown for being hearty and having all of the traditional country style favorites. Biscuits, all warm and fresh from the oven, crisp bacon, tasty sausage and fluffy eggs, along with pancakes, are just a few of the items offered. The offer a family style "all you can eat" option for $11.22 per person, or you can order off the menu - $3.95 to $5.95 per plate. They open at 7 am on the weekends, and we always suggest getting there early!
The restaurant is open until 9 pm every day and offers a great lunch or dinner featuring their fried chicken plates. The family style meal is $18.70 per person, or you can order off the menu for between $3.95 to $9.95. If you are a fan of fried chicken, it is well worth stopping in for lunch or dinner!
To be considered for this random giveaway, leave a comment below through the end of Thursday, May 6, 2010.*
After writing about Sam's Club's installation of 17 Skystream turbines in California, we were approached by the company with an opportunity to give away a 400W wind generator. We jumped at the chance given this could help out one of our readers. For informational purposes, the micro turbine is available for purchase online at Sam's Club, but at the end of this giveaway, one random commenter will be chosen to receive one for free.
Keep in mind that the generator doesn't come with a tower kit and will need to be set up, but it has a value of $596.00 and will get you well on your way toward generating on-site electricity. Here are the specs:
Fully integrated regulator automatically shuts down when batteries are charged to minimize wear; and
The small wind turbine has a three year warranty and seems ideal for tiny homes, cabin retreats, or urban locations where small wind is allowed.
*To participate in this giveaway contest, leave a comment here by midnight MST on Thursday, May 6, 2010. One comment per person; use a valid email; available only in the United States. By leaving a comment, you agree to the terms and conditions relating to giveaways on Jetson Green.
Very cool! I was surprised to see the story on Sams Club using wind power. I know Walmart has made in-roads to being more green but this caught me off guard.
I’ve been eyeballing wind power for a bit, my one issue has always been noise. I’ve seen a few of the smaller wind generators and all have been pretty “buzzy whirly” sounding (boat installations). This one looks really nice by spec and design.
Whoever wins needs to post up their experience here! I know I would be more than willing to share data and opinions.
Good to see you guys promoting wind power so heavily. We’d love a chance to win the turbine..keep fighting the good fight.
I think micro turbines are incredibly interesting. The decreased cost would seem to allow multiple turbine configurations in various locations, which could be a huge advantage for areas traditionally not utilized for wind power.
I’ve been showing that piece around to folks – it surprised nearly every one of them that Sams was installing wind power. Now I guess I have to send them all back here to try to get one!
Congrats to Sam’s. This is a great oportunity to show the public the alternative energy is available to all. I realy want a couple of these and some solar but still struggle with the cost. I hope I win!
Cool idea. I think more contests like this one could get more people who are on the fence for alternative energy to really see the potential out there. Hopefully, if I am chosen at random, others will take a look and want to know more, too.
Living here on the Colorado front range, where it is always windy, I’m always surprised there aren’t more wind tubines in use. A quiet, micro turbine like this might be just what is needed to get more people on board.
When I saw the title, I thought it must refer to a book about wind-power – but when I saw that it was an actual turbine, I was really excited! This would be awesome!
Aren’t Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club owned by the same people? I don’t know why it would be that surprising.. Very cool, nonetheless.
As an intern for the iCAST (international center for appropriate sustainable technology) I could easily find a great home for this turbine in rural western Colorado.
I’m not surprised by the move of Wal-Mart and Sams Club. They follow their customer very closely and make changes when market forces are at work. A good example is their move in to locally produced food and organics.
I’m not surprised by this move for Wal_Mart and Sam’s Club. They follow their customers very closely and work to provide products they want. For example, the strong move by Wal-Mart into locally produced food s and organic products. This wind turbine would go great at my home in the mountains.
Very cool. I would love the chance to win one! and I especially like Sam’s Club’s promotion of alternative energy resources.
This is a tiny house I’ve been slowly cobbling together that’s made mostly from shipping pallets. It measures only 7×12 feet but will have a kitchen, bath, living space, storage, and will sleep 3. The core concept I’m exploring with the project is the true value of a house.
Shouldn’t the true value of a home be measured by the happiness and security it brings instead of its size and cost?
In the end the house will cost nothing but my effort. Any money spent on the house will be offset by selling free stuff I’ve been finding on craigslist.
This turbine would become the core to an off-grid power system that will power the house. I’ll keep my fingers crossed. 🙂
I am absolutely up for this! Amazing Giveaway. I could see this powering my garage fully; the ventilation fan, opener and lights.
Heck yeah I’ll participate! I have a three year plan to build one of Jay Shafers Tumbleweed houses. I would love to power it with a wind turbine so sign me up! In the mean time I’m going to look into this product. Thanks!
We are developing a tiny home for our back lot and would love to experiment incorporating wind power into the mix.
Totally cool giveaway! BTW that is THE cutest cabin ever in the photo! What a dream it would be to live there.
Happy to see Sam’s Club selling HAWTs online. Very convenient and smart. I look forward to the day I walk into Sam’s Club and see one on display between the lawn mowers and gas grills. Hopefully that will convince the HOAs that this is the future and not an eyesore.
Some friends and I are building an off the grid meditation center in Northern California region and this would be such a treat 🙂 Thanks for the opportunity to participate in this guys. Tadas N.
Pretty cool. Just the other day, we were talking about setting up a small wind generator at the community garden I’m gardening at. Hope whoever wins posts their results here.
Hurray! Wind for the masses, I’d really like to participate by snagging the giveaway! Will put it up right away!
Very cool! Happy to see this. I hope the Gulf Oil spill will catapult alternative energy. I hope to never see this kind of catastrophe again!
I’ll be looking for some land to build my tiny house on. This would be a great way to start and have some power during construction.
A wind turbine as a give-away? How AWESOME!!! I would love the chance to set it up in my town and begin changing the minds of the community leaders who are not totally convinced in the green/sustainable arena! Thanks for the opportunity to win one.
Not to be long-winded, but winning that turbine would blow me away, even if erecting it will not necessarily be a breeze, because I am such a big fan of this site.
Trying for the giveaway too. Been interested in setting up a wind/ solar hybrid and this would deal with half of it anyway.
I have a small place in Washington and decided last year solar would not work because of my trees, I could top, and cut down some trees, but do not want to. So I have been looking at the wind turbine, this would be great for me, I am single and I bet I could live just fine with just this one turbine.
Ahhhhh! Perfect…I sure could use this for my tiny home design/rebuild in Indiana…or should I say, Wind-iana! hehehe C: <3
I’m shocked (in a good way) that Sam’s Club is taking a stab at this. That’s pretty freaking SWEET! If more “BigBox” companies would “Go GREEN” even to a small degree it would help a lot.
We’re having a “Wind Audit” done on our land May 12th to see how viable Wind Power Generation is…. would be NICE to have this unit to write about and review!! PICK ME !! 🙂
What a great way to use a natural resource to power a small home, hope to see more of it in the Future.
This would be a great addition to my small Backyard Bungalows that I’m building. They are Green, super energy efficient, strong, made with SIPs and this could power the lighting, etc for them.
I am a student at Cascadia Community College in Bothell, WA. My area of studies is in Environmental Technology and Sustainable Practices. If I were awarded the wind turbine generator, I would donate it to my school’s program in ETSP. This would immensely enrich and enhance our program through having a live wind turbine which we could set up and study in our campus wetlands. The wetlands are jointly owned by the campus of Cascadia CC and UW – Bothell. By having an actual working and learning tool such as this, we could also develop whole courses study around this individual energy producing machine. Please consider me and the Cascadia Community College Environmental Technology and Sustainable Practices program for your random giveaway of the Wind Turbine Generator.
We just received a small grant to build a container house from the city and would love to incorporate this into the design
Sometimes urban, older multi-unit homes get left out of the wind and solar and retrofit opportunities, but my 60s era 4-plex apartment has a willing owner and is west facing. It is a perfect location for a small wind unit with it’s flat roof and territorial view which allows lots of wind and sun to hit the building. I’d love to run a laptop with a wireless connection on this unit. Thanks.
I live in one of the windiest parts of town in Palm Springs, CA, and could sure use one. Sign me up. I want to win this.
this looks like the perfect size for a small cabin or trailer. i would love to have one to be used for power in my back shed.
but, no doubt in large numbers, they can go a long way towards helping. I’m sure those that use one are very happy indeed. I know I would like the opportunity.
This is very cool. I think there should be more green giveaways. Because everyone loves free stuff, green or not.
My rural property in Siskiyou Co. in CA would be a perfect fit for a wind turbine. Love you daily emails.
It would be great to harness the wind here in Iowa and get to know first hand how well those little ones worked. That would have been a stimulus we could all enjoy….imagine how many of these could have been given to small home owners for the amount of what one of those corrupt banksters received.
The coastal properties of Florida should be peppered with these wind turbines and I’m willing to start the push.
Oh Wow! This is exciting. My husband & I have been talking about getting on e of these. We would definately share our experiences and would look forward to hearing from whoever wins. Last fall we completed a permaculture design certification course, are becoming better observers but taking it slow doing what we can to make changes; making better choices in caring for people, earth. We know we are still tipping the scales on the more consumption side but our goal is to equalize. It will be cause for celebration if we can bring our selves to tipping the scale, at least some days, towards redistributing the surplus.
Great unit, small wind turbines could help define our end user limits of energy consumption as opposed to unlimited access.
US Fish and Wildlife project. Kept it on a monopole to reduce the danger to birds. Seems like the low(er) maintenance and easy hookup are great for a number of users.
My house in Chicago surely doesn’t look like that mountain haven in the photo above – but hey – don’t you want to see the turbines in use in the urban midwest as well? We are the ‘Windy City’… 🙂
I think making turbines available at places like Sam’s club will make them appealing to a wider market. Nice!
Sounds sweet. I doubt our HOA would be thrilled with us having one – but I’ve got some family members with great locations for one.
The HOA may be tempered or precluded by a state law, depending on the state, that would allow solar or small wind in certain circumstances. Hard to say, though.
The wind comes sweeping down the plain here in Oklahoma – Thanks Jetson Green and Skystream what an awesome product and giveaway!
What a great idea. Thanks for the opportunity to win one free. We are very interested in going greener on our compound.
I live on Jamaica Bay in Queens, NY. Lots of wind; I’ve been looking at many systems to switch from Con Ed to off-grid. House needs to be fixed, and I’m trying to make ends meet while being underemployed due to the economy. Wind turbine is a great way for me
As I’m reading this, I’m looking out the window and we’re having some solid winds and strong gusts, and my town doesn’t have zoning issues with windmills, I could sure use one!
I’d actually heard about Sams Club installing the turbines, but what I really think is the coolest is that they will actually be selling them. That will hopefully influence more folks to pick them up. Lord knows how many people shop at Sams. 🙂
That’s great that not only is Sam’s Club USING wind power, but that they’re offering it for sale as well. I’d love to have this for the cabin I’m designing now.
This would be so useful at our house. We live on a bay that receives an incredible amount of wind; it’s one of the best windsurfing spots in the state of Washington. I’d love to see this wind put to good use (besides recreationally), and inspire the neighborhood to do the same!
wow, was just looking these up, can’t believe you’d be giving it away, here’s to hoping i win what i was researching!!
As a “lady home builder”, women ask me all the time about when it will be possible to reduce the cost of heating, cooling, and other home needs b a device that will ‘fit in their backyard’. For this reason, I have considered offering mini turbines spotted through a subdivision that homeowners could ‘share’. I don’t know how many 2000 SF homes could be serviced in that manner – but I suspect that on a cost effective basis, homeowners might ‘share’ the energy reductions, but need to pay an additional amount to the service providers. There is also the question of ‘looks’. I always wonder why people complain about cell phone towers, etc – when they have been living with telephone and electrical poles for more than 100 years. I can understand not wanting to have a wind turbine SITE next to your back yard – since it takes a lot of anchoring space. I wonder, however, if there isn’t some alternative to this problem – the rotating cylinders, for example, that are wind turbines. Another alternative might be to make the anchoring space so ATTRACTIVE that it was considered a great area for family and kids to gather – landscaping, mixed use areas for baseball, soccer, picnics, etc. The immediate problem that comes to mind is the liablity factor of the tower failing and injuring someone. As the energy crunch starts effecting people as the current recession has done, I think there will be second thoughts: Do I want electricity or go back to kerosene laps and wood fires? There’s not a doubt what I’ll choose: I can’t live without hot water – and I’m not about to start heating it on a cast iron stove.
This would be awesome to have. I’m not sure if my neighborhood allows them unfortunately. I’ll definitely do my best to pressure them into letting me install this if I’m lucky enough to win it.
I’ve seen these before at work, the crew @ a Jean Michel Cousteau use one at one of their Environment centers, I though they would be too expensive for home owners but the price of these seem reasonable for a small residence to be able to use one.
These are great little turbines for rural applications as well. I would love to install a few of these!
This is great! I envy our local National Guard station for their having the capital to install a big old wind turbine and PV. We would install this on our undeveloped parcel outside of Taos, and use it to power a pump for a well.
I plan to retire from my aerospace job soon and retire to the east Texas woods and build a net ZEH. This small turbine would make part of a great demonstration of what can be done to minimize our footprint on this planet.
We are building a house built around self-sustainability. Our house is rain collection, well water, propane and (hopefully!) solar and wind if we can scrape the money together, even though we are struggling.
Oh! I have been researching all of these small home turbines for so long, they have come so far, please please let me be lucky!
Ole Sam would be proud to know that Wal-Mart and Sam’s were at the forefront of the alternative energy movement
would be fun to put up in my yard, the guy next door put up a homemade one lasted about a week ,(blades where not balanced ) we get good wind at night .here in the city, i live in Valley Center , Kansas. town is in the bottom of the Valley , hope I win lol
Here in Ohio, there is a real push to get 300MW of our energy grid off of sustainable energy. Instead of blanketing our farm land with solar panels and/or wind mills, these small mills are just the thing. The solar panel needs could be easily addressed by using the flat roofs of warehouses and factories…why till up our farm land!
Just bought a 110-year-old farmhouse with an empty spot on the top of the hill just begging for a new-fangled wind turbine!
I built a greenhouse without electricity..I would like to power small heating pads to put underneath the seed starting trays..the sun and the breeze would be perfect!
Very intriguing, my fellow graduate students and I at the USC School of Engineering would love to have the opportunity to gather some data on the unit with respect to site selection at our satellite research centers. Hope I win! Keep up the great work…
I recently drove past that Sams Club. It was very cool looking. More major chains should follow Sams Club lead.
Iv been looking into wind power to save money on power and go further green. Id love to show off wind power to the neighborhood.
We are building an Eco Adventure Lodge and this would fit very nicely into the scheme of things. Thanks for the chance to win the wind generator. We can all win with windpower if we but spread our wings of imagination and power up our minds with possibility.
I have a small hobby farm (more like a livestock animal refuge) 18 miles from my house, totally off grid. I just recently had a small cabin shell put up and am planning on finishing it within the next two months. This wind turbine is a fantastic alternative for electric power for my farm! Presently, we have to run a generator when we need power, but don’t care for the noise or having to use gasoline, so this would be a fantastic addition! We take in unwanted livestock from the Rutherford Co shelter and needed a place to sleep and hang out to spend more time with the critters. Not having power is a real problem, and even if I don’t win, I’m going to look into this product here in middle Tennessee!
I’ve been thinking about using these on my property and been taslking to a friend about doing the same on his. Wind throughout the day on both parcels. Seems ideal to generate power off the grid!
Great idea for getting people to look at wind-power. I hope whoever wins will send word of how they use it. I’d love to know if it would be practical in a city, or what’s involved beyond the turbine itself.
I think you subscribed to subsequent comments by email. If so, above you should be able to unsubscribe to comments by email. Hope this works. We’re getting an all-time high in comments right now.
Yes. I am subscribed to the comments via e-mail – I like to know when people respond to my comments. I’m not complaining about your site… more a feature in Disqus. I would like to be able to unsubscribe to posts from time to time while still getting the updates on all my other sites. Disqus doesn’t have that feature at this time 🙁
Would sooo love to get this so as to rub the fan blades into my Republican-esque community. I’d hit the local news, and it would be good.
Small, scaleable wind is an overlooked energy resource that can be part of the equation for carbon-free power. Fairly new to this website but am sending links to all my interested friends.
It’s fantastic that Sam’s has decided to showcase alternative energy the way they have. Little by little the alternative becomes more mainstream…..
Very interesting I would love to see what it would do in my neck of the woods with our electrical power bill being rated on coal prices we really have high bills.
My name is Oona…like charlie Chaplin’s wife. I am Basque, French American and married to a Senegalese fisherman. We are directors of a non-for-profit ecological cultural arts exchange camp based in the north of Senegal near Saint Louis (where there is a lot of wind btw!) We are in the process of building the first sustainable camp in Senegal where the traditional african life style is mixed with ultra modern eco-architecture in order to show the african governments that THIS IS WHAT THEY SHOULD INVEST IN!!! Africa is still bare and full of open land that is ripe to build new green cities based on their traditions (using adobe, wells for water and solar panels OR little wind mills!!) Senegal has 700 km of coastline with loads of wind each day yet there are no wind mills. I think this would be a great opportunity to show the government that there are people ready to modernize Senegal as long as the government participates in funding sustainable and ecological development.
I think my association would be a perfect place for your windmill because we are very small and local, I am fully integrated into the Senegalese population through my husband and child and this wouldn’t be just a private wind mill….people would come to see it from all over the country and I think it will inspire a lot of businesses who might see an economic opportunity in investing in wind power!
this is a great little turbine, with enough power to really make a difference in our energy consumption. we’re stuck with a small home on property that is ideal for wind generation, but without the money to take advantage. this little guy would be a great start, good luck to all- GO GREEN!
What a great idea. I would love to install this on our community center in New Bedford Massachusetts
I want to win a wind turbine, I want to win a wind turbine, I want to win a wind turbine : ) I’m closing my eyes and clicking my heels……
Woohoo! Wind Power for all! Not sure how I would utilize it, but I’m sure I would find somewhere to stick it!
this would be the coolest thing, i think i’d be the only one in atlantic county w/ one on their home.
This is great! We are a small canine rescue group on a ranch in Waller, Texas. We are trying to do a green remodel on one of the “outbuildings” for a permanent shelter for volunteers. Our resources are limited (funds generally go toward care and feeding of the dogs),but we are actually talking about trying to build our own solar panels. We had not not considered wind power because of the expense. This would be God send for us!
What a great idea and an interesting blog I will definitely be back! Love the idea of more ways to save energy, money, & resources especially big businesses…keep them coming
I’m a graduate student building a microhouse in Vermont on the cheap and would really benefit from such a cool opportunity! Thanks for doing this!
Looks great. This would be wonderful for the very small home I am building as my first home in Maine. The foot print will be less than 500 sq. feet and as environmentally friendly as possible. I plan to start a blog about the process this spring.
This is something I could really use out at our farm that is yet to be on the grid!!! We bring a gas generator when we need to use power tools!!!!
This 400W Small Wind Turbine is a great way to get in to renewable energy endeavour. Count me in Please for the giveaway.
Very impressed with the specs – and price – of this generator. Definitely something to look into, unless I happen to win one. 😉
This is great! We’ve been researching alternative energy sources, but were unaware that Sam’s Club is offering something like this. We would love to be off-grid on our ten rural acres, but even backup generation would be a big plus. Thanks for letting us know about this, and offering this give-away!
Sam Club turbines? Great idea. Lets mainstream this stuff as soon as we can. Love to have one of my own!
Sweet giveaway. I think wind and solar combined is the ultimate setup. Keep the lights glowing even during the darkness of winter…
Cool, would work great on the Solar Burrito property. Now if they only made a power souce powered by rain… Oh ya hydro but we don’t have a stream. Thanks Jetson Green, count me in.
Very Cool! I REALLY want the wind turbine, it would integrate so well with my “Escape the Grid” master plan!
This is so amazing! I would absolutely love a wind turbine. I think it’s one of the absolute best options for alternative energy.
I’m planning on trying small wind whether I win this or someone else does…but it would be nice to start out for free. What can I do to counteract the walmart connection? It could be hard on my karma
This is such a fabulous offer. I would love to win the turbine as we are looking to build a tiny house and had not decided how we were going to power the lights and computers.
Oooh! I’m curious about how many municipalities allow wind power devices on typical urban lots? Only one way to find out…
Sweet idea and a generous one too. I’d like to hear from whoever wins on ease of installation and use.
I really like it. It would help people who are off the grid have an affordable way to get some power.
YEAH! generating green power. I would love one of these for the roof. I live near the water where there’s always a nice breeze. 🙂
I’d gladly accept a wind turbine, but the best green energy comes from a Capstone Turbine Co-generation system.
Great giveaway, this is an ideal power source for small off-the-grid buildings like my mountaintop cabin. Nice to see wind and solar going affordable and not just as an occasional DIY project.
Thank you for the opportunity! This would be perfect here in rural Hawaii & a blessing with our kWh costs!
I teach an environmental science class–while we have some solar on campus, the students have yet to see wind power in action. This would be a great addition to our campus and curriculum!
Nice. I would like to see more those on individual homes. Anything that allows the average person to participant in green power is great.
Wow, this is something they should talk more about. I have been looking for reliable wind power and can’t wait to link over and check it out.
This would be great for our wildlife rescue facility. Getting power to the enclosures is always a problem.
I just purchased my first home in Pittsburgh, Pa. “The Nunnery Hill Overlook Homes are ENERGY STAR rated Homes conveniently perched above Pittsburgh’s Northside and walking distance from Downtown and the North Shore attractions. Featuring almost 2000 sq. ft of bright, energy efficient, open floorplan living, and spectacular city views.” I think this wind turbine would be a great feature to my new urban home and would set an example for the rest of the city.
About time the big stores for in the mix. Now, all they need is to put some of their own turbines on their humongous buildings.
Who wouldn’t want one of these? It would at least bring down you power bill. Not to mention reduce your homes carbon footprint.
A perfect solution to my problem. Six years ago, I purchased a small piece of land that rest on a high ridge in southern Indiana, planning to build a small cabin. Because of the location and the contour of the land, getting eletric power is just more then I can afford. Not wanting to listen to the sound of portable generators, my project is at a stand still. This small affordable wind turbine like this could just be the ticket. Thanks, keep the info.flowing.
GREAT idea ! Viral marketing with a real benefit for the reader that will keep ongiving benefits for years to come. Well done folks. I’m planning to put a DonQi turbine in my
This seems like an amazing chance for people like myself to get into alternative energy without the setback of outrageous prices on the market. Very Cool!!
Hey Preston! I LOVE these things, my neighbor has one and it looks really beautiful out in the country. They’ve put it on a pole but designed a faux tower around it, looks very old-school and fits right into the landscape. I would really like to get one for my homestead, it would totally power my small off-grid cabin!
UrbanRancher, I’m excited to announce that today is your lucky day. You are the random winner of this small turbine giveaway! Congrats. I’ll email you separately to get your address and information for shipment. Thanks to everyone for entering.
Having a wind turbine would be fantastic. Certainly worth a comment. Congrats on getting tapped for the giveaway.
Thanks for providing this opportunity. I have recently learned of your blog & have enjoyed reading some of your posts, especially the 10 Green Office Bldg Trends!
I was really surprised to see that Sams Club offers these wind turbines! So hopefully there is a ‘fortunate’ wind blowing in my direction!
For what it’s worth, my wife and I are putting our hearts and souls into building a 750 acre self-sufficient community in Tennessee. I’ve been working on putting in a micro-hydroelectric generator on our seasonal 50′ waterfall. The next project I have lined up is a wind generator.
I offer a 10% rebate on the purchase of land here for those who put in renewable energy or rain water collection system. So, although I don’t have a following like you do, I think placement in the Village might offer some marketing synergy for Sam’s.
So far, we’ve sold 14 lots (more in the pipeline) and all buyers want to live sustainably off-grid. This would be a great opportunity to prove the viability of wind here on the Cumberland Plateau and sell some more systems once a prototype is in place.
My Dad’s farm in South Dakota would make this baby hum! In addition to all of his “hot air”, it maybe enough power for everyone 😉
This is awesome, I just did a presentation on sustainable architecture and its great to see stuff like this being putting to use.
We need to see more Wind Turbines put into use. This is really a renewable energy source that has been neglected in the US. I can remember as a kid traveling across the great plains and seeing all the windmills in use. Now they are almost all gone. We need to go back to using this wonderful source of power. It is great to see Sams Club offering these Turbines for sale. Great give away that will help produce power for the lucky winner.
A great prize at a great time for those of us who wish to experiment with alternative energy for our homes. I hope the winner will be able to communicate regularly on his or her success and failures with the installation, use and maintenance of the turbine. My only regret is that I live in Canada. Better luck next time I guess. Hope to read more about the winner’s experience with the product.
Just found a great parking spot for my tiny house –and it’s a windy spot! If I were to win this turbine, it would make a great housewarming present!
I have often wondered ho hard would it be to modify all the lights in every parking lot to accommodate a wind generator and/or a solar panel to offset the lights in the thousands of parking lots across the world at Walmart.
That would be a great set up for a RV full timer if it was made to be portable. A real nice set up for a remote spot in the country.
Very cool. I was as member of a green building competition team for my school and it’s quite astonishing how efficient wind energy is. Also, driving back from school I pass a whole farm of turbines. They’re actually quite cool to see in person.
Too bad more people wouldn’t take the plunge into greener power generation. It is refreshing to see that a few corporations are taking steps forward to lessen their carbon footprints.
As one preparing to live off the grid on the old family homestead, I would gladly welecom a ‘windfall’…..sorry, I couldn’t resist it!
Not only is this a fun prize, its actually a great turbine… one of the quietest, efficient and affordable turbines on the market! I researched all the manufacturers, the Skystream came out on top for my application… it was was even approved by the Golden Gate Audubon Society. Thanks Southwest Wind!
Count me in! I have read up and this Turbine is great. Any time you can create a little extra energy, it helps!
Great givaway. I would love one of these for a small house that I am building. http://www.littletimberhouse.blogspot.com
what a wonderful opportunity to own a wind mill. I live in the San Luis Valley where the wind blows strong and this windmill would make a great example for our solar garden community we have been working on here in the valley. We are excited about helping our community to go green through solar gardens where we sell shares of our solar to those next door and in the community who can not put up panels. Wind is such a great addition to solar here and this size windmill would be great for so many families living here with no electricity at all.
What a great opportunity. Nice to know as well that they are so inexpensive although I live in Texas so solar power is really the way to go i would still make use of this for my “urban cabin” 600 sq feet in the city.
Three teenagers, south Texas heat and cold, and a leaky old woodframe house that I am trying to plug have lead to electric bills
We are senior citizens on a fixed income and we live in Northwest Ohio. I feel like I am living in West Texas. The wind here is terrific and I have a great desire to have a windmill. Not only to save money on electric bills but to help the environment and save the earth for my grandchildren and great-grandchildren and all future generations.
Love the log house and assume the small wind turbine is for an out building? Would love to have the turbine for my mountain cabin if I ever build it. Do you have plans for that great house?
Nice to see wind power getting exposure wherever possible. Currently building a small SIP energy efficient home with this in mind. Sustainability must become integrated into every home plan.
I’m a jewelry artist, and I’ve been planning my dream studio, a 14′ x 16′ next to my home in Alaska. This looks like it would be perfect for my needs. Keeping fingers crossed.
This is your best giveaway so far! I have always dreamed of owning one of these, and It would be great to win one!
This is an awesome chance to test out the wind generator at our site, I would be interested in more info about these systems. thanks for the chance to win. Marty Donn
This installation is great publicity for wind power. The more information about micro generation the better.
Wow! finally a wind turbine that fits in a backyard. Very Cool. I live in the very Windy Columbia River Gorge of rural ORegon am all about green energy and even like the new giant wind turbines that are popping up in my area better than the transmission towers we have had for generations. This is one of the great new ideas in America.!
Thats really cool to see Sam’s Club using alternative energy for a few of their buildings. It’d be VERY nice to see the whole WalMart family employing alternative energies. Maybe someday!!!
I currently have a cabin in mid-MI (generator for power) that I am targeting for solar, but a free wind turbine like this one could change all that!
Sweet! We’ve been looking at ways of taking our studio greener – and in doing, create an example to all our potential/future clients – this would be an ideal part of the package!
A small wind turbine would really work well in Montana where we have allot of BIG, PREMIUM GRADE WIND! This “new” energy source has been around since the BIG SKY COUNTRY was formed but it remains an untapped resource for most private citizens. Harnessing the Montana wind and developing the power grid to share this source with other states is a #1 priority. Starting small with a 400 watt turbine would set a good example for others in the area.
we live on the shore of Lake Superior where wind is THE natural energy source. we really want to try it!
Looking to get out the hussle and bussle of big city. This would work excellent for a new project i am working on outside of the elec. grid. GREAT IDEA.
What a great idea. I found out about this from the “Tiny House Blog” and really can’t wait to see one in person. Could be the perfect fit for our small cabin that we are building.
i shure would like to win ,i have so many off the grid planes and this it one of them, the other is a gasifyer….google it…….
I am planning a small home using a shipping container, from ECOPOD. I plan to be totally off the grid with your wind turbine. Beautiful industrial design, I want several to make a sculptural installation that powers my home. Do they come in Orange?
Winning this would be the first step after recovery and coming out from the big “C” and building a sustainable home after over five years of spiritual retreat to overcome this illness using only natural means and self shaman healing. (The doctor said I would live only six months if I didn’t listen to his Western Medicine ideas.) Hopefully, thereafter I could become a peer advocate using the home as a meeting place.
I love the product and love the fact that you are getting the word out about alternative energy sources. Thanks!
I am doing my homework, studying, and planning to be the first,as far as I can tell,to build a totally awesome and stylish small modern green home in Akron Ohio. It is going to be constructed as much as possible out of salvaged and reclaimed material AND power self sufficient. A Skystream would be icing on the cake!
just saw this great system today,would be great to bring it to my country Bhutan, since it is mountainous and reaching electricity to these remote places is always expensive, would be a great way of showing alternative power sources to my fellow country men and the government.would be nice to have one. cross my finger and pray to god.
I think I missed the deadline but I’m looking forward to being able to harness some wind power at our off grid ranch
I have never seen so many responses to anything you all have put up!! It’s a hit!! Maybe someone else will give something green and energy producing (or saving) away!! Cash for Caulkers just may be a hit as well!
wind turbine produces the 20kw wind turbine. Seems it also provided the 10kw and 17.5kw wind turbine. It provided the lattice tower and monopole tower. wind turbine
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45
Cardboard packaging from Ukraine. Our company is engaged in the production of cardboard packaging from corrugated cardboard as well as the production of corrugated cardboard. We produce three-layer corrugated cardboard, five-layer corrugated cardboard and micro corrugated cardboard. The color is brown or white. Mark and weight of corrugated cardboard on request. We also produce any product from corrugated cardboard according to your size - corrugated box, boxes, corrugated cardboard boxes, cardboard boxes. We print the finished product up to four colors. Production facilities are located in Ukraine. We ship worldwide by sea and land. The minimum order quantity from the container is 40 feet. We issue all the necessary documents for the produced products. You can familiarize yourself with the standard assortment on our websites and on Facebook (Kerbos LLC). To receive payment for the necessary products, please contact our sales department. You can contact us by Whatsapp, Viber, Facebook or by e-mail.
Now that the Democrats have won the House back, do you think they'll choose Nancy Pelosi for Speaker of the House?:
KAVANAUGH HEARINGS: November 9, 2018 Brett Kavanaugh must have been smiling as the returns came in on Election Day, because it is now clear that the Democrats’ campaign to destroy him will go down as a massive blunder. It failed to keep Kavanaugh off the court. It cost Democrats their chance to regain control of the Senate. And it gave Republicans an expanded Senate majority that will allow...
LIBERAL HYPOCRISY: November 7, 2018 When the president announced that he was sending the U.S. military to help secure our southern border, he received bipartisan praise from members of Congress. The Washington Post reported that the move was seen as “smart politics.” The year was 2011, and the president was Barack Obama. The National...
TRUMP PRESIDENCY: November 2, 2018 Next week marks the 50th anniversary of the election of President Richard Nixon. It is a chance for some perspective. While many seem convinced that the United States will never recover from the Donald Trump presidency, the truth is conservatism, the Republican Party and our nation survived Nixon — and we...
14TH AMENDMENT: October 31, 2018 In an interview for “Axios on HBO,” President Trump announced he will sign an executive order ending birthright citizenship. When challenged on the constitutionality of doing this by executive order, Trump replied: “You can definitely do it with an act of Congress. But now they’re saying I...
DEMOCRATS: October 31, 2018 After a deranged Democrat living in his van nearly assassinated Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., firing more than 70 rounds at House Republicans practicing for the Congressional Baseball Game, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., declared it “outrageous” that anyone would blame Democrats’ rhetoric...
INF TREATY: October 26, 2018 In announcing his decision to withdraw from the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, President Trump cited Russia’s repeated violations and the fact that the treaty does not bind China, which is engaged in the world’s most ambitious ballistic missile development program. But Trump’s...
Leeway Maldives Pvt Limited is a 100% Maldivian owned company incorporated on May 9th, 2003 with its head office at" Ma-Machangolhi Villa, Chandhany Magu, Male' 20173, Republic of Maldives.
Gennaio Febbraio Marzo Aprile Maggio Giugno Luglio Agosto Settembre Ottobre Novembre Dicembre 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
By Peter Kelly Thursday, June 7, 2018 0 Age Pension, Lifestyle, Retirement Age pension, Australia, dreams, financial advice, financial planning	Permalink 1
Regular readers of our blog will be familiar with the work that the Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia (ASFA) does in producing quarterly estimates of just how much it cost to live in retirement. Tealey and I usually sit glued to our computer screens following the end of each quarter, ...
By Peter Kelly Wednesday, May 9, 2018 0 Federal Budget, Security, Superannuation aged care, Australia, financial planning, government, lifestyle	Permalink 1
Last night was a very late night as I worked my way through hundreds of pages of budget documents produced by Treasury. You might well ask if I would prefer to be doing something else on budget night. The answer is a resounding YES but then, it has become a bit ...
By Peter Kelly Wednesday, May 2, 2018 0 Age Pension, Lifestyle, Retirement, Superannuation goals, Housing, lifestyle, savings, superannuation	Permalink 0
A couple of weeks’ back I covered the rules around the timing of superannuation contributions. In line with the same theme, I thought it would be worthwhile to revisit some other important things to keep in mind about contributions, especially considering some of the significant changes that came into effect from ...
By Peter Kelly Wednesday, April 18, 2018 0 Financial Planning, Security, Superannuation Australia, financial planning, lifestyle, savings, superannuation	Permalink 1
As we move into the start of the fourth quarter of the financial year, it is timely that we turn our mind to tax planning and the things we need to be considering as 30 June looms ahead. Firstly, you need to be very mindful of the correct timing of superannuation ...
By Peter Kelly Thursday, April 5, 2018 0 Financial Planning, Superannuation Australia, savings, superannuation	Permalink 2
We have previously written on a number of occasions about the risks of internet-driven identity theft and perhaps, more importantly, the theft of our hard-earned savings. But did you know that thousands of Australians have indirectly ‘given’ billions of dollars of their super to the Australian Taxation Office (ATO)? This is not ...
By Peter Kelly Thursday, March 22, 2018 0 Financial Planning, Retirement, Security Australia, financial advice, government	Permalink 5
In the past week, there has been an enormous kerfuffle about Mr Shorten’s plans to abolish the refunding of excess franking credits. On the surface, this might look like a topic that is best ignored, however, there has been so much media commentary both in favour of and against the proposal, ...
By Peter Kelly Wednesday, March 14, 2018 0 Lifestyle, Retirement, Security Age pension, children, family, Housing, Retirement	Permalink 2
Hardly a week goes by without mainstream media reminding us of Australia’s predominantly East Coast housing affordability crisis and just how difficult it is for young people to break into the housing market and buy their first home. The government has introduced initiatives such as the First Home Super Savers scheme, ...
By Peter Kelly Wednesday, February 28, 2018 0 Lifestyle, Retirement Australia, dreams, family, goals, Housing	Permalink 1
Back in the early 1980’s when my parents retired, it was not uncommon to move away from the traditional home base and stake out a small claim in a sleepy coastal enclave or a nice little country town. In those days it was common for considerable time and effort to be ...
By Peter Kelly Tuesday, February 20, 2018 0 Age Pension, Lifestyle dreams, family, fun, goals, travel	Permalink 5
One thing that is certain is that the older we get, the more memories we have – both good and some not-so-good. As we are now into the last month of summer, I couldn’t help but feel a little bit nostalgic. These days, particularly in the heat of a summer Queensland midday, ...
By Peter Kelly Wednesday, February 7, 2018 0 Age Pension, Financial Planning, Superannuation Age pension, aged care, dreams, financial planning, lifestyle	Permalink 1
I realise we have spoken about this topic on many occasions, however, I plan to take a slightly different approach this time and provide some useful information to readers who may be planning to retire now, or in the coming months or years, and are looking to access their super. The ...
Options is a mechanic in Bendy and the Ink Machine. The menu will display after pressing the "ESC" key from the pause menu in-game. The option menu allows the player to modify the game's quality, audio and music, lighting, etc.
Clicking on the word "QUIT" will trigger the menu, asking if the player is sure to quit the game. Clicking "YES" will send the player back to the menu. Furthermore, clicking it again will immediately close the game.
The contents of the playlist, statistics, as well as the script code are licensed under CC: by: NC: SA.
BalLibre links with copyright-free balfolk-music ordered by dances & bands. Here music can be freely shared - You are welcome to submit a link to your music!
It shows possibilities of the CreativeCommons licence 'BY-NC-SA'. Under this conditions, you're free to share and reuse this musics.
Random? Not only! To create a good mix, the script relegates the most represented groups at the end of the playlist, and avoids placing the same dances too close.
quilting coloring books would be great for the embroidery quilt i will make amazing coloring pages mario coloring pages online games.
quilting coloring books the farmers wife sampler quilt coloring book color classic quilt designs from your favorite sampler collection free online coloring pages disney princesses.
quilting coloring books creative haven patchwork quilt designs coloring book adult coloring carol creative princess coloring pages online games.
quilting coloring books sample quilt coloring book comes with quilt designs colouring pages online frozen.
quilting coloring books book includes 8 beautiful quilt patterns pocketful of posies book by design check out our adult coloring books hello kitty coloring pages online to print.
quilting coloring books creative haven patchwork quilt designs coloring sheets publications my little pony coloring pages online game.
quilting coloring books coloring page this would be a great free motion quilt project pokemon pikachu coloring pages online.
Combining foods properly has great benefits for your healthy nutrition plans like weight loss and improved digestion. Read More →
Disclaimer: The statements on this website have not been evaluated by the Food & Drug Administration. Information or products represented here are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. You should assume the Owner of MyFitnessNut.com has an affiliate relationship with the providers of goods and services mentioned on this website and may be compensated for making a referral when you make a purchase from a provider. We strive to provide you with good value and never mark up prices. You should always do your own due diligence before buying goods or services online or offline. MyFitnessNut.com does not accept payment or merchandise in exchange for the reviews themselves. They are written objectively with regards to the utmost honesty.
Show maximum 10 5 10 15 20	 hotels within a radius of 10 1 2 3 4 5 10 15 20 miles of St James Park order by distance - nearest first price - cheapest first	highest customer rating highest star rating	distance - nearest first
Crown Hotel at Brackley is a 3 star 20 bedded property situated right in the heart of the country town of Brackley in Northamptonshire. From the hotel guests are within easy reach of the M40 motorway and just a short drive from Banbury, Buckingham, Oxford and Northampton. Its excellent location is ideal if guests are travelling on business or touring Northamptonshire for pleasure. All 20 bedrooms have been lovingly restored to offer comfort and luxury, providing all modern facilities guests would expect, whilst still retaining the character of the building. Features a comfortable bed and clean crisp linen. The restaurant offers a friendly informal atmosphere where guests can enjoy the best traditional cuisine. Guests can also enjoy a relaxing drink at the bar which offers real ales and a wide range of bar snacks. The wide, tree-lined market place in Brackley with its Georgian and Victorian houses and shops is the delightful setting for its 13th century coaching inn. The Crown’s comfortable surroundings offer a cosy retreat after a long day’s travelling coupled with good old-fashioned hospitality. Enjoy idyllic leisurely walks along bridleways and footpaths with two major walkways, the Knightley and Grafton Ways, both well signposted. Stowe Gardens and Park, the largest landscape garden in Britain, boasts a magnificent Georgian garden full of romantic temples and lakes. For guests wishing for excitement and adventure, Silverstone motor racing circuit and Towcester racecourse are both within a 15-minute drive. The finest medieval castle in England is a superb day out for all the family with ‘Kingmaker’ the medieval household preparing for battle and the chilling dark dungeon and torture chamber.
The Crewe Arms is a 15th Century traditional country pub tucked away in picturesque Hinton in the Hedges, ideally situated if you're visiting nearby Bicester Village, Silverstone or Hinton Airfield. We have two well appointed rooms, refurbished to a high standard at affordable rates. Enjoy the quiet, dark nights in Hinton. Some of the most welcoming accommodation in Flora Thompson country, our comfortable en-suite rooms each has it's own private entrance an en-suite bathroom, TV, tea and coffee making facilities and free Wi-Fi. The Crewe Arms is a cosy village pub serving great quality food daily with a range of specials served alongside our main menu. We also pride ourselves in offering a selection of vegetarian & vegan options. Our bar stocks a range of real ales (including our very own, Crewe Arms Pale Ale), quality lagers, bottled beers & ciders as well as a good variety of soft drinks. We even have a whole shelf of fabulous gins. The village of Hinton-in-the-Hedges is conveniently located with easy access to the M40, M1 & A43 as well as Silverstone circuit and Hinton Airfield. Bicester village is just half an hour away. Whilst visiting Hinton, why not explore the beautiful countryside using the many footpaths which criss-cross the surrounding fields & woods or admire the historic Grade 1 listed Most Holy Trinity Church.
Our comfortable en-suite rooms are set in a converted stable block alongside a quintessentially English village pub. Complete with wooden beams, our double, en-suite rooms are cosily furnished with flat screen televisions, toiletries, bottled water and tea/coffee facilities provided. We provide a complimentary breakfast basket containing cereals, milk and other breakfast items. The Fox is a cosy village pub serving great quality food daily with a range of daily specials alongside our main menu. We also pride ourselves in offering a wide selection of vegetarian & vegan options. Our bar stocks a range of real ales, quality lagers, bottled beers & ciders as well as a good variety of soft drinks. We even have a whole shelf of fabulous gins. The village of Farthinghoe is conveniently located with easy access to the M40, M1 & A43 as well as Silverstone circuit and Hinton Airfield. Bicester village is just half an hour away. Whilst visiting Farthinghoe why not explore the beautiful countryside using the many footpaths which criss-cross the surrounding fields & woods or admire the historic Grade 1 listed church of St Michael and all Angels.
Our Bicester Cherwell Valley M40 hotel is perfectly placed for fashionistas shopping for designer brands at Bicester Village and visitors looking to explore nearby Banbury and Oxford or the beautiful Cotswolds. Discover the area's rich heritage at nearby Waddesdon Manor, Bletchley Park and the stunning Blenheim Palace, or rev up your engine for a short drive to Silverstone Circuit, the home of British motorsport. All rooms feature a comfy king size bed with four plump pillows and a cosy duvet. Guests can enjoy a wide variety of food and drink choices within a short car journey from the hotel. Useful information Enjoy 20% off selected food and drink at the nearby Moto services with your Travelodge key card. Ask our hotel team for more information. Early/Late Check-In/Out Service – if you’re looking to make the most of your day we can offer an Early Check-In service from 12:00noon and a Late Check-Out Service until 2pm so you have more time to relax - cost is £10 per service, per room, subject to availability - bookable direct by telephoning the hotel. We are a pet friendly hotel and allow up to 2 domestic pets, per stay. This is at an additional charge of £20 per pet, per stay. Please contact LateRooms to arrange this to be added to your booking and for further details on charges and terms and conditions. Please note that Guide dogs, Hearing dogs, and other animals, to aid disability, are exempt from charge.
Please visit LateRooms.com the UKs leading online accommodation specialist. Save up to 50% on over 60,000 properties in the UK, Europe and Worldwide
There’s no need to memorize complicated architectural terminology into one specific category can be daunting or even impossible Guide to Residential Styles
Published November 7, 2018 at 508 × 1269 in +32 Creative ways cheap easy halloween decorations party ideas
+20 Resource to help you become Fresh Living Room Paint Color Ideas with Brown Furniture Leather Couches
Now I want to knit it, using a solid color and see if it gives a different look to the stitches/design.
Your resume is your marketing tool for success. You need to be able to advertise your skills and ability to succeed with your prospective employer. The format and feel of your resume can either open doors or close them often this feeling can make people question why they didnt get the interview or thinking they are not qualified.
The resume that lands you the job interview isnt a simple listing of your past duties or work experience. It has to convince readers that you have the required skills and abilities to exceed the expectations of the position so your resume should be structured in a way that arouses employers interest in you and gives them reasons as to why you are more qualified than others while encouraging the employer to get in touch with you for an interview.
Most people do not realize that employers will do a quick scan of a resume it typically lasts only a few seconds. Theyre looking for key skills and accomplishments that the perfect candidate will have. So capturing the employers attention is critical or else youre information can get lost in the shuffle. To prevent your resume from ending up in the Trash file here are some helpful resume tips that will set you apart from the rest.
Review the Job Posting and Description Carefully A lot of the time job-hunters will write one generic resume and send the same generic resume to every employer. This is one of the biggest mistakes facing job seekers because it produces so-so resumes that dont necessarily match the employers requirements.
CARE: Clean with any commercial jewelry cleaner using a soft brush, then rinse with water and dry with a soft jewelry cloth. As with all fine jewelry, your piece should be stored separately in a soft pouch or designated jewelry drawer.
FX Comm Pro N2 Open We have been running FX tools on various laptops without problems, but most of them are XP based.. We .
Johnson Controls FX: The Good, The .. (needs time-clarified again).. Where is the FX-VAV-N2 or did I miss the .. Open up all markets to both your children and let .
I’m incredibly excited to be shooting a wedding this weekend at this amazing location…It comes with such history, a property where so much Australian art was created and nurtured. The Cedars was the home and studio of Sir Hans Heysen, one of Australia’s most celebrated artists. The property still retains it’s charm and simplicity and is used by many artists today as a canvas for their work. Walking around here is such a treat, with many installations scattered about the vast landscape and also little intimate locations tucked away amongst the trees, just perfect for a bride and groom to explore (with their trusty photographer not far behind).
Via this site we give concepts of home renovation, decorating, home style, furniture and etc. And today we’re offering you find concepts regarding the cheapest kitchen cabinets that was included in the Kitchen category. We have actually been trying to find this photo via different reputable sources to aid you in obtaining the appropriate style for the cheapest kitchen cabinets.
We hope you find the design and styles to suit your preference on this subject. Have a terrific day!
This page describes how to run freenet as a user on your machine and route all the traffic from that user (here the username is fn) via a specific network interface.
First lets see my setup and specific configuration, you can easily change this to your requirements.
Here you can see that my OpenVPN server, configured to use persistent IP addresses, is hosted in a datacentre somewhere (bottom left). I have two clients which are constantly connected to the OpenVPN server, the Raspberry Pi and Riker (both of which run freenet).
I am happy with the Raspberry Pi running and using the home connection but I want Riker to route all the Freenet traffic through the VPS but all other traffic should be handled normally.
I will assume you know how to do this, if not there is lots of documentation on how to do it on the OpenVPN website. Below is my server configuration:
This is quite easy but many people have their own way of doing it, security and whatnot but I will just setup a basic NAT for all IP addresses on my OpenVPN network:
Naturally, these are not going to persist across reboots, if you want this please investigate /etc/sysctl.conf. Also, you may not need to disable the reverse path filter (rp_filter) I did but your mileage my vary.
Firstly you must have the ability to mark packets based on owner, in menuconfig you will find it in:
If you are not confident with kernel recompilation, don't worry your distro may already have included this as a module.
We are going to create a special routing table for the fn user, this will route all their traffic over the VPN interface (in my case tun0.
My modification is in red, save and close the file. You should now have another routing table which you can configure with the ip route command.
You should now be able to see the table by typing in ip route show table fntraf. This is all fine but nobody is using this routing table so what use is it? We need some way of identifying packets which are to be sent through this routing table, to do this we are going to use iptables marking.
First, mark the packets. One thing to note here is that marking ONLY works in the mangle table... it can be put in others but it will not do anything! Took me a while to find this.
Now we have marked all the packets for that user, groups and stuff like that works too. Now that the packets are marked we must set up a rule to push the packets down our fntraf table rather than the default ones.
Yippee!! if you try tcpdump -i tun0 you should see packets sent on the interface... you may notice something rather odd though, the source IP Address is not what you might expect. We will re-write it with SNAT:
Now you will probably find (using netcat and UDP) that you can send packets one way (from your client to an internet server but responses will get dropped... odd since you should also be able to see the responses in tcpdump!! One last step is to disable the reverse path filter on your client machine:
As you have disabled the reverse path router it might be an idea to set up some firewall rules to make up for it. I leave this as an exercise for you my dear reader. Also, none of these changes are persistent and so you will have to put them in a script or something!
I hope this was helpful, I realise this is a special case but who knows it may be helpful to someone out there!
According to a study from the Institute for Taxation and Economic Policy, Texas has one of the most regressive tax structures in the nation. Photo by Mike Mergen
In Texas, the poorest 20 percent of families pay an effective state and local tax rate of 12.5 percent, which is the fifth highest in the nation. Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy
If you're living in Texas and don't fall within the wealthiest 1 percent of residents, chances are you're paying some of the highest tax rates in the nation.
According to "Who Pays? A Distributional Analysis of the Tax Systems in All 50 States," a report recently released by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy (ITEP), Texas has one of the most regressive tax structures in the United States, the third worst behind only Washington and Florida.
When looking at the amount of taxes paid as a share of income earned, every state has a regressive tax system, meaning that poorer residents are taxed at higher rates than the wealthier ones. However, the difference in the effective tax rates between different income groups varies widely between each state.
Based on the index score — a ratio calculated from several factors to measure income inequality before and after taxes — Texas has one of the most unfair tax systems for the average American. These state tax rankings incorporate effective tax rates for the poorest 20 percent, the middle 60 percent and the top 1 percent, as well as ratios comparing these rates. A negative score on the ITEP index means state residents' incomes were less equal after taxes than they were before. Texas garnered an ITEP index score of -8.5 percent.
The Lone Star State is one of only a few that doesn't levy personal income taxes. Although Texas collects a gross receipts tax — a tax on business transactions — it doesn't collect taxes on corporate profits. The oil and gas industry stimulates the economy and the state collects revenue in other ways, most specifically through sales and excise taxes. These kinds of consumption taxes accounted for nearly 32 percent of the state's revenue in 2012, which was the ninth highest in the U.S. for that fiscal year.
Additionally, Texas doesn't provide tax credits to low-income residents. As a result, the poorest 20 percent of families in Texas pay an effective state and local tax rate of 12.5 percent, which is the fifth highest in the nation. On the other hand, families falling into the wealthiest 1 percent pay just under 3 percent, the eighth lowest rate in the country.
In comparison, the poorest 20 percent of families in Washington pay nearly 17 percent of their income in state and local taxes — the highest rate in the nation — while the wealthiest 1 percent pay only 2.4 percent.
Grab the Best Food Deals in Victoria for Christmas It is time for Christmas celebrations and have you been... 0.00	 Sydney	 0.00
Shop for Legally Sourced Firewood at a Cost-effect Here at "Black Forest Trees," we supply various types of... $0.00 US - Dollars	 Sydney	 $0.00 US - Dollars
Hotel reservations, travel bookings, hotel search in Melbourne, Australia - Australia Instant Booking
Here are the most reserved hotels in the most popular destination cities. Select a location to expand your search to all properties near your favorite cities. Select Book now to reserve instantly online.
Hostel - Nomads Melbourne is funky and cool backpackers hostel, offering travellers a unique backpacking experience. Voted best hostel in Victoria '07 & '08 - TNT Golden Backpacker Awards.
Hotel reservations, travel bookings, hotel search in Melbourne, Australia - Australia Instant Booking.
Using our Services: Terms & Legal | Security & Privacy | How it Works | Submit your Hotel | Work with us | Booking engine | Channel management | Affiliate programs | Link to Us | Property management system | XML Feeds
Latest Australia news most trusted source of local, national and world news. Comprehensive, independent, in-depth analysis, the latest business, sport, weather and more.
The board of Cambridge Analytica has suspended chief executive Alexander Nix with immediate effect, pending an independent investigation.
The political research firm is accused of mining the data of 50 million Facebook users around the world, and using it to target people with political advertising aimed at helping Donald Trump’s 2016 US election campaign.
In a statement, Cambridge Analytica said the findings of the investigation would be shared publicly in due course.
“In the view of the board, Mr Nix’s recent comments secretly recorded by Channel 4 and other allegations do not represent the values or operations of the firm and his suspension reflects the seriousness with which we view this violation,” the statement read.
Alexander Downer interviewed by FBI over Russian interference in US election, report says – Donald Trump’s America
Latest Australia news most trusted source of local, national and world news. Comprehensive, independent, in-depth analysis, the latest business, sport, weather and more. phoeniixx
Lachlan Murdoch already ‘running the show’ in Australia, News Corp insider says – Australia News and Jobs
Lachlan Murdoch has taken over the running of News Corp in Australia from his father Rupert Murdoch, according to an insider. (Reuters: Peter Nicholls)
What will News Corp look like when Rupert Murdoch, 87, is no longer at the helm? An insider says son Lachlan is already calling the shots in Australia.
“Lachlan’s been operating under the radar a bit,” Mark Day, media commentator for News Corp newspaper The Australian, told 7.30.
“Lachlan’s been calling the shots a lot more than Rupert in recent years, particularly in the Australian market.
“It’s a kind of knee-jerk reaction to blame Rupert, but in fact Lachlan’s running the show these days, at least here.
“Lachlan is the logical inheritor of the news-related businesses and, after all, like his father, he’s been in them since the day he was born. He’s been at his father’s knee right from get go.”
Lachlan Murdoch is the future chairman and CEO of Fox as well as co-chairman of News Corp — his father remains the executive chairman of News Corp.
He sold Sky TV in Europe for $US15 billion in September. And Disney is buying 21st Century Fox for a staggering $US71 billion.
“I’m not embarrassed by what they [Fox News] do at all,” Lachlan told a New York Times forum last week.
“You have to understand that Fox News is the only mass media company in America, in this country, with strong conservative opinion in prime time.
“Not one of a few, it is the only one, and I frankly feel in this country we all have to be more tolerant of each other’s views.
“We’ve come to this point where we are more and more intolerant of each other and frankly that just has to change.”
This week, the News Corp annual general meeting is taking place in New York, and investors will hear a clear message from Rupert, claiming the company’s most successful year since the phone-hacking scandal.
“I think it’s Rupert’s final big decision, but that doesn’t mean to say the new Fox or News Corporation won’t do other big things in the future. I think it’s more likely to fall to Lachlan to do that,” he said.
Alan Rusbridger, former editor-in-chief of The Guardian, said News Corp, “like all news companies”, would “be flinging around for different kinds of revenue”.
“But he [Rupert] starts with a very large company over which he has virtual total control, so he can push the money around that company wherever he wants.”
Virgin Media CEO Tom Mockridge worked for Rupert Murdoch for decades in his businesses around the globe.
“Let’s not think legacy because, as far as I’m aware, Rupert’s out there and still going very strongly,” he told 7.30.
“They’re prepared to make some pretty fundamental changes around the business model but that gives them an opportunity to enter other markets.
News organisations across the world have faced a massive challenge from online behemoths Facebook and Google, which has been taking their news content free at the same time as gobbling up advertising revenue.
Facebook and Google argue they are drivers of news content, but when Spain proposed a tax on their usage in 2014, Google shut its Spanish news service down.
However that resolves itself, Rusbridger thinks Rupert will remain “a very influential person in that debate”.
“Where we are now, there is a big conflict between the digital world — the social world — and the so-called legacy media, and it’s not clear how that’s going to play out,” he told 7.30.
“It could play out that people are going to retreat back to mainstream media, because they’re trustworthy and they tell the truth and the internet is chaotic.
“Or it could be that people will find a kind of truth and voice and equality on the internet and rebel against the people who were the old gatekeepers [and] say, ‘Why do we need Rupert Murdoch to decide what we can read? Who’s Rupert Murdoch to tell us what to believe or how to vote?'”
Live export trade cover-up allegations to be investigated by former Crime Commission boss – Politics
For example, an order placed at 8pm on Tuesday will be processed on Wednesday and shipped on Thursday.
Our Cosmetic Glitter comes in small clear plastic 5g jar. It’s packed in a white bubble envelope and shipped via First Class mail with a tracking number. Upgraded shipping options are available at checkout.
Yes! USA buyers can upgrade shipping to 3 Day Priority Mail or 2 Day Express Mail. If no upgraded option is selected, our standard shipping is First Class Mail which takes 3-10 days in the USA.
International customers can upgrade shipping to International Priority Mail at checkout. International Priority mail has a delivery time of 6-10 business days.
In this game you bet Tokens and you have a chance to receive a … This epic trinket of item level 200 goes in the quot;Trinketquot; slot. It ddr3 3 slots looted from Naxxramas Cultist. Euro slot the Trinkets category. Added in World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King. Add an IEEE 1284 Parallel port to your laptop computer via an ExpressCard slot Jengerer's Item Manager.
To download, first install the MSVC 2010 Redistributable and then download Item Poker online movil gratis, extract anywhere, and run item_manager. exe. No poker online movil gratis lite (thanks to Bakkerthehacker for a ton of the new features). The Cisco 1921 offers increased levels of services integration with data, security, wireless, and mobility services, enabling greater efficiencies and cost savings. Comment by knugen Will this item be usable in Battlegrounds.
As there are no restrictions in the Use effect as to where it can be used. Would be great if someone could confirm the fact and post it on here. 169;1998-2018, Camaro Research Group Edited by Kurt Sonen and Rich Fields Version: Monday, 12-Mar-2018 04:22:23 EDT The B-1A was originally designed as a high-altitude supersonic poker online movil gratis before the Carter administration cancelled the program in 1977 after it became apparent that the new bomber would not be poker online movil gratis to survive against new Soviet air defenses.
Tu-160 Blackjack piercing snowy skies at low altitude caught on camera (VIDEO) President Vladimir Putin has attended a test flight of Russias new Tu-160 strategic bomber, later suggesting that a civilian passenger version of the supersonic aircraft could be a viable commercial prospect. Now, before you start typing out an ignorant reply, go back and reread that sentence. Ill wait … … … Nov 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Rich businessmen around the world want Russia to turn its Tupolev-160 strategic bomber into a private jet.
Oct 30, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Two Russian Tupolev Tu-160 (NATO Reporting Name: Blackjack) strategic bombers on Monday (October 28, 2013) flew from an airbase in southwestern Russia and landed in Venezuela, the Russian Defense Ministry said. The nuclear-capable bombers, which took off from the Engels air base in the Volga. Russia announced in late March that it will completely overhaul its entire Tu-160 long-range super bomber fleet by 2030. quot;We are going to purchase the entire fleet of our strategic Tu-160 bombers in their new version and carry out poker online movil gratis upgrade of operational aircraft where only the fuselage will.
According to U. Department of State data, as of Smiths butcher casino 1, 2016, there are currently twelve B-2 Spirit and seventy-three B-52H Stratofortress bombers on alert. There is yet another bomber, which was earlier classified as strategic-the Crystal ball slots Lancer-however, the aircraft had no possibility of carrying nuclear weapons and has been excluded.
My 2018 pricing is based on a normal hourly billing rate of $225/hour. If your need is emergent, spontaneous or ad hoc coaching, that is the rate that will apply. If you would like to schedule a coaching service arrangement, I have created reduced rate packages for your consideration. The following packages that enable you to access various specialties in coaching that I offer are detailed below:
e.	Demonstrate the leadership skills online and be ready to become Certified as a Credible Leader by taking additional steps that will enable you to train and coach others in your organization.
f.	This Scholarship Package includes access to Phase IV of Online Credible Leadership (Valued at $500) with the option to Certify as a Coach, Blended Learning Facilitator, and Organizational Change Agent (additional cost). To understand what this certification means click on this link.
g.	When you get the course as a scholarship, we ask you to purchase the text e-book online here for $30: http://commandcollege.org/eoil/. The Third Edition of this Every Officer Is A Leader book was just published in January, 2018.
Certification: Set up a teleconference to discuss certification and other leadership courses with Dr. Anderson here: https://calendly.com/drcoach/60min
a.	Before you go to any job or promotional interview I will help you to research exactly what questions you will be asked so that you can practice your answers to all of those questions. Most people don’t do this well, so you will have an edge if you do.
b.	We will do a “mock” video interview in person or on a video call, and I will ask you those questions and give you feedback about your answers, and often more important, how you are coming across non-verbally. This step is incredibly helpful in increasing your chances of being hired or promoted.
c.	You practice answering these questions in a thorough, precise and confident manner and you will more likely get the job or the promotion. Whoever gets the most points and is liked the best and trusted the most, wins. I will show you how to get more points and be liked and trusted more than your competition. Most of them won’t have the advantage of the in-depth experience coaching that offer.
a.	Most people spend more time planning their vacations than their lives. It is better to base your career plan on your life plan than the other way around. Most people choose a career and adjust their lives to fit the career; and that may not be the best way to do it.
b.	Living on Purpose Planning Process: I use the Living on Purpose planning process with my clients because it covers all the bases. This package includes the Living On Purpose planning workbook.
a.	Prioritize your top three career options for employment (you research the prospective career titles based on your interests and values)
b.	Prioritize your top three prospective employers based on the research you can gather on them to see if you would even want to work for them.
a.	Decide with clarity on the best career path for you to follow because of your strengths, values, interests, abilities and motivations. Don’t get stuck too long in any one role or rank and play from your strengths and motivations to achieve your goals. Plan for a more motivating and rewarding job role that makes the best use of your time, talents and skills.
a.	Many agencies have turned to head hunter agencies or assessment centers to screen their candidates for senior executive level positions.
b.	You can improve your assessment center scores by knowing what criteria are being assessed by that center, and practicing scenarios that refine your responses and better fulfil those criteria. This will enable you to enter the center with more confidence based on practice rather than cerebral hunches about what you think you might do. Again, it is all about getting more points than your competition, being better liked, and being trusted more than your competition. I will coach you to increase your points, trust and likeability factors.
c.	We practice the skills and scenarios online through video conferencing and you get a higher score at the assessment center.
a.	This option is for those executives who are ready to move their entire organization toward continuous improvement in a collaboratively based culture where leaders develop leaders for positive community impact and enhanced public trust.
b.	Complete the Organizational Performance Review (for business) or the Police Organizational Performance Review (if yours is a policing organization)
c.	Introduce the Executive Team to the OD for a Change Team Building Workshop and plan to build your first Continuous Improvement Team.
d.	Build your Continuous Improvement Team and commit to regular monthly meetings of your new Team who will advise the Executive Team on their best bet solutions to organizational and community problems that are not resolved in the normal course of duties.
e.	The Continuous Improvement Team leaders can optionally become Certified as coaches and coach other leaders inside your organization by completing Phase IV of Credible Leadership.
f.	The Executive and Continuous Improvement Team members successfully plan and implement the annual strategic plan.
NOTE: Package 8 anticipates delivery of service at your site. Therefore, travel costs will be added in addition to consulting fees. Travel cost include: airfare (or vehicle mileage @ $0.75/mile if within 200 miles), accommodation, vehicle rental (if travel by air), meals and incidentals.
a.	If you are seeking stress, resilience and wellness coaching, I have been certified by Dr. Joseph Schafer at the Stress and Health Center at California State University (in collaboration with Enloe Hospital, in Chico, California) to do stress counseling and coaching. I can provide you with the latest research on nutrition, fitness, deep relaxation, mindfulness, meditation, deep relaxation and fast recovery from PTSD and coach you to make decisions with that information that will optimize your health, wellness and performance. For a free, daily, research-based nutrition newsletter that I highly recommend signing up for a free daily newsletter at: www.NutritionFacts.org.
a.	Most of the officers I have done coaching with have told me that workplace stress (usually caused by one’s supervisor or the organization’s culture) and marital stress and divorce are the most difficult things to handle in the lives and careers. If you are having difficulty with these areas, I can likely help you improve your situation or make a decision that could resolve it. I can coach you to effectively manage your side of the relationship without getting hooked by others’ dysfunctional behaviors. I can also coach you to recover from a broken heart….one of the most serious traumas that any of us can suffer.
Caveat: I may not be the most appropriate coach for you. I have screened, selected and certified more than 20 Coaches in the USA and Canada (many of whom are retired police chiefs and successful certified executives) who can help you as well; and I may refer you to one of those Certified Coaches. If, after I gain an understanding of your needs during our first session, I think that another coach would be a better fit for you, I would refer you to that coach.
If you are interested in exploring how we might want to work together, you can schedule an appointment with me on my calendar at https://calendly.com/drcoach/60min or call me at Ph: (909) 210-9233 (US) or Ph: (604) 385-0067 (Canada) to make an appointment.
It took a devoted community of friends, neighbors, teachers and preachers to spark a revival at this school
A few minutes into third period on a recent morning, four pastors of different denominations have packed into child-size chairs in the computer lab at Hand Middle School in Columbia, S.C. They bow their heads and close their eyes, and with 25 computer monitors purring in the background, the Rev. Cole Weathers leads a brief invocation: "Almighty God, help us make a positive difference in the lives of children." Then the group gets down to business, divvying up the remaining $1,200 of the $1,600 that their churches have collected this year for the school. A pizza party is planned; new book...
Rabbi Audrey Pollack on campus for Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur :: College Press Releases (1951-2002)
Rights Management We encourage the use these materials for research, teaching, and private study according to our Terms of Use, available at https://apps.carleton.edu/digitalcollections/about/terms/
Full Text September 17, 1992 Sp20 Joe Hargis, Director ROSH HASHANAH SERVICES SCHEDULED AT CARLETON Northfield, Minn. — Audrey Pollack, student rabbi from Hebrew Union College in Los Angeles, Calif., will be visiting Carleton College and conducting Rosh Hashanah services on Sunday, Sept. 27, at 7:30 p.m. and on Monday, Sept. 28, at 10 a.m. in Severance Great Hall. She also will conduct Yom Kippur services at Carleton on Tuesday, Oct. 6, at 7:30 p.m. and on Wednesday, Oct. 7, at 10 a.m. in Great Hall. The public is invited to attend. Pollack's visit to Carleton is sponsored by Jewish Students of Carleton (JSC) and the Office of the Chaplain. JSC also sponsors Shabbat dinners every Friday evening, as well as Passover Seders; invites speakers and holds other special events related to Judaism. For more information, contact Naomi Lubick at 663-4567, or the Carleton Chaplain's office at 663-4003. # # # #
Beach Handball Discussion will be held for the first time ever at this EURO in Croatia. The Discussion will take place at the new venue of the Jarun Lake, on Monday, 19 th of June, at 7 pm. Guests will be Ole Jorstad, Thomas Schoneich, Eric Quintin and Josipa Grebenar. They will speak about the following topics: the current European Championship, popularization of the beach handball which will be played next year on the Olympic Games and growing interest for this sport.
Ole Jorstad is the Chairman of the Beach Handball Commission and member of the Management Committee of the European Handball Federation (EHF), while Thomas Schoeneich is EHF Beach EURO Media Manager.
There will also be Eric Quintin, the head coach of the U19 French men’s team and the technical manager of the Beach Handball in the French Handball Federation. Croatian player in the women’s team Josipa Grebenar will be Croatian representative. She has won four medals for Croatia at major competitions. She won two European golden medals in Italy and Norway and one bronze medal at the European Championship in Norway, in 2009. Grebenar also has a silver medal from the World Games in 2009.
Beach Handball Discussion will be opened for the public and all interested media representative will be able to ask questions.
This is a picture from Bernardo Wildlife Area. We drove out to see the cranes and stopped at Circle T for a hamburger on the way home.
Interior, Focos De Espejo De Baño was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Focos De Espejo De Baño has viewed by 98171 visitor.
Interior, Bomba Trituradora Inodoro Precio was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Bomba Trituradora Inodoro Precio has viewed by 83595 visitor.
Interior, Oficina Virtual De Las Haciendas Locales was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficina Virtual De Las Haciendas Locales has viewed by 20754 visitor.
Interior, Puertas Correderas De Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Puertas Correderas De Jardin has viewed by 92645 visitor.
Interior, Piscinas En El Campo was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Piscinas En El Campo has viewed by 69592 visitor.
Interior, Piletas Para Lavadero was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Piletas Para Lavadero has viewed by 78192 visitor.
Interior, Villeroy Boch Wave was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Villeroy Boch Wave has viewed by 77124 visitor.
Interior, Luz Para Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Luz Para Jardin has viewed by 42953 visitor.
Interior, Oficina Seguridad Social Alcorcon was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficina Seguridad Social Alcorcon has viewed by 26584 visitor.
Interior, Pintar Mueble Baño was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Pintar Mueble Baño has viewed by 23024 visitor.
Interior, Oficina De Correos Gijon was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficina De Correos Gijon has viewed by 22416 visitor.
Interior, Recambios Roca Zaragoza was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Recambios Roca Zaragoza has viewed by 28884 visitor.
Interior, Ccoo Oficinas was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Ccoo Oficinas has viewed by 75414 visitor.
Interior, Diseño Online Gratis was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Diseño Online Gratis has viewed by 35675 visitor.
Interior, Mueble Canape was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Mueble Canape has viewed by 21966 visitor.
The name Genesis means “origin.” The book tells about the creation of the universe, the origin of human beings, the beginning of sin and suffering in the world, and about God's way of dealing with people. Genesis can be divided into two main parts:
1) Chapters 1–11 The creation of the world and the early history of the human race. Here are the accounts of Adam and Eve, Cain and Abel, Noah and the flood, and the tower of Babylon.
2) Chapters 12–50 The history of the early ancestors of the Israelites. The first is Abraham, who was notable for his faith and his obedience to God. Then follow the stories of his son Isaac, and grandson Jacob (also called Israel), and of Jacob's twelve sons, the founders of the twelve tribes of Israel. Special attention is given to one of the sons, Joseph, and the events that brought Jacob and his other sons with their families to live in Egypt.
While this book tells stories about people, it is first and foremost an account of what God has done. It begins with the affirmation that God created the universe, and it ends with a promise that God will continue to show his concern for his people. Throughout the book the main character is God, who judges and punishes those who do wrong, leads and helps his people, and shapes their history. This ancient book was written to record the story of a people's faith and to help keep that faith alive.
Bible text from the Good News Translation (GNT) is not to be reproduced in copies or otherwise by any means except as permitted in writing by American Bible Society, 101 North Independence Mall East, Floor 8, Philadelphia, PA 19106-2155 (www.americanbible.org).
LICENSEE shall reproduce the following trademark and trademark notice on the copyright page of each copy of the Licensed Products:
One of the nicest meals out that I ever had with my family occurred in a small, unpromising, cellar-type Italian restaurant on the Douglas promenade in the Isle of Man about five years ago. We were on a family holiday and, when the ages of the family members range from my Granny, still sprightly in her mid-eighties, to an ever-active obstreperous pair of children, then aged nine and ten, it is sometimes difficult to strike the right balance between keeping the kids fed and entertained while the adults relax. But this restaurant managed it very well. The younger duo were fascinated at being able to observe the cooking in the open plan kitchen and the older members of the party were kept laughing by a flirtatious Italian waiter who tried to insist that Granny had wine. They were no mean shakes in the food department either but my clearest memory is of the dish that my sister ordered. She was the last to be served but we were all impressed at her plate of lamb shanks, braised so that the meat was meltingly tender, falling off the bone when touched by her fork. Or touched by the forks of others at the table for we weren’t going to allow her to struggle through such a plateful on her own!
Since then I have rarely encountered lamb shanks on a restaurant menu. I have, however, often come across them in cookbooks and have been amassing a collection of recipes in case some shanks should arrive on the doorstep some day. Recently, when some former housemates from Ireland were coming round for dinner, I decided to take the plunge. Peter Timbs Butchers in Edgeware provided me with four meaty shanks and all I had to do was figure out which way I wanted to cook them. As I had been going through an Indian and Middle Eastern phase lately, I decided that I wanted to go with something more straightforward and Tamasin Day-Lewis’ West of Ireland Summers had just the recipe I needed. Her Braised Lamb Shanks were served with Champ but, as I am not in the least bit interested in potatoes, I decided to accompany the dish with Nigel Slater’s Chickpea Mash. With Cauliflower and Broccoli Cheese as vegetables on the side and (another) Feijoa and Apple Crumble for desert we had the perfect cold winter evening comfort dinner.
Heat the oil in a heavy frying pan. Add the onions, garlic and herbs and fry until soft and golden. Remove to a deep ovenproof dish. Season the flour and toss the shanks in it, shaking off any excess flour. Reheat the frying pan and add more oil if needed. Add the shanks to the pan, two at a time, and brown all over. Put the shanks on top of the the onion/garlic/herb mixture and deglaze the frying pan with the wine and vinegar. Bubble furiously for 2-3 minutes to reduce then pour over the shanks.
Add the strips of lemon rind to the dish and place it in the oven. Leave simmering for about two hours. A little longer isn’t such a bad thing. You will know that they are cooked when the meat is starting to fall off the bone.
Heat the olive oil in a heavy based pan then toss in the onion and let soften over a moderate heat until starting to brown. Add the chickpeas and water and simmer for a couple of minutes. Using a potato masher, crush the chickpeas roughly. Season with salt, pepper and paprika.
Hi CarolineBought some lamb shanks yesterday and couldn’t decide what to do with them, so I typed in ‘lamb shanks’ on your blog and got your recipe. Excellent. Will report back. See you tomorrow at the launch!Jayne xPS I’ve been chatting with my brother who’s a foodie and he’s really interested in your blog
Hope they turned out well, Jayne! I’ve made these a couple of times, most recently when my mother and aunt were over from Ireland and Mum has been pestering the butcher at home to get her some lamb shanks ever since – they’re not so easy to pick up in Ireland, apparently. I’d better take advantage of them while I’m still here!
The invasion has returned, and you won’t survive on your own! Hellfire is the followup to the top rated and first online multiplayer zombie shooter. 4 players can join to blast away at a seemingly unending swarm of zombies, with new weapons, turrets, and much more.
This co-op action survival-horror shooter also includes a robust story mode, a brutal survival mode, and online scoreboards!
Hello, I would like to know if I can use the assets to create a commercial game for mobile. I still have no experience and I am studying LibGDX, but the assets of Undead Empire made me very excited. Of course I would give the credits of the images to bigrookgames.com.
My question may seem strange, but I wonder why someone would make quality assets like Undead Empire assets available for free. Can I use these assets to publish a game in the Play Store? Thank you very much.
Yes! feel free to use the assets for anything you would like, including published games. We give them away because we want to help game developers with art assets, because we know that for indie devs they can cost a lot.
I'd like to say I was minding my own business when the dragon landed on top of me, but that wouldn't be fair to the goblins I was slaughtering at the time.
I experienced a brief moment of panic when its nine-part health bar appeared at the top of my screen, which was replaced with a mixture of dismay and terror fewer than ten minutes later. Even after grabbing onto the beast and climbing up to cut open it's chest, exposing its heart, I hadn't made a dent.
I don't know why fleeing from an overpowering enemy is so refreshing in Dragon's Dogma. I'm sure other games, especially in the open world genre, have given you the option.
Maybe it's the fact that your pawns - user-generated AI companions - won't take the hint immediately, continuing to hack away at the colossus in front of them for a moment, before they notice that their master has legged it.
Maybe it's the sense that you've just barely escaped by the skin of your teeth, your health and inventory empty and your stamina gone, but still in an unfriendly wilderness many inhospitable miles from the nearest inn.
Or maybe it's the infrequency and unpredictability of the encounters. You can be happily exploring for hours, cutting through bandits without incident or a serious challenge. The map is slowly uncovering, and you spot a castle on the horizon.
"That doesn't look too far," you think, "and the enemies here are pretty easy. I'll just take a look."
Then out of nowhere comes a winged shadow, chewing through your companions and health potions with equal ease and speed, and your only option is an exhilarating retreat down any path that doesn't have a griffon at the end of it.
Latest Available (revised):The latest available updated version of the legislation incorporating changes made by subsequent legislation and applied by our editorial team. Changes we have not yet applied to the text, can be found in the ‘Changes to Legislation’ area.
Original (As Enacted or Made):The original version of the legislation as it stood when it was enacted or made. No changes have been applied to the text.
Show Explanatory Notes for Sections: Displays relevant parts of the explanatory notes interweaved within the legislation content.
Text created by the Northern Ireland Assembly department responsible for the subject matter of the Act to explain what the Act sets out to achieve and to make the Act accessible to readers who are not legally qualified. Explanatory Notes accompany all Acts of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Access essential accompanying documents and information for this legislation item from this tab. Dependent on the legislation item being viewed this may include:
Use this menu to access essential accompanying documents and information for this legislation item. Dependent on the legislation item being viewed this may include:
All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated© Crown copyright
There are outstanding changes not yet made by the legislation.gov.uk editorial team to The Criminal Justice (Northern Ireland) Order 2003. Any changes that have already been made by the team appear in the content and are referenced with annotations.
Revised legislation carried on this site may not be fully up to date. Changes and effects are recorded by our editorial team in lists which can be found in the ‘Changes to Legislation’ area. Where those effects have yet to be applied to the text of the legislation by the editorial team they are also listed alongside the legislation in the affected provisions. Use the ‘more’ link to open the changes and effects relevant to the provision you are viewing.
This section lists the changes and effects yet to be applied to the specific provision you are viewing.
This section lists the commencement orders yet to be applied to the whole Order. These effects are included in this view as they may be (but won’t necessarily be) relevant to the specific provision that you are viewing. Where applicable the commencement orders are listed under two headings, firstly those that bring some part of the Order you are viewing into force and secondly, those that bring into force legislation that affects some part of the legislation you are viewing. If you are viewing a prospective version or there is a prospective version available there may be commencement orders listed here that are relevant to the provision you are viewing.
Annotations are used to give authority for changes and other effects on the legislation you are viewing and to convey editorial information. They appear at the foot of the relevant provision or under the associated heading. Annotations are categorised by annotation type, such as F-notes for textual amendments and I-notes for commencement information (a full list can be found in the Editorial Practice Guide). Each annotation is identified by a sequential reference number. For F-notes, M-notes and X-notes, the number also appears in bold superscript at the relevant location in the text. All annotations contain links to the affecting legislation.
F1Art. 19 repealed (2.2.2009) by Sexual Offences (Northern Ireland) Order 2008 (S.I. 2008/1769 (N.I. 2)), arts. 1(3), 81, 83, Sch. 1 para. 32(b), Sch. 3 (with Sch. 2 para. 1); S.R. 2008/510, art. 2
Geographical Extent: Indicates the geographical area that this provision applies to. For further information see ‘Frequently Asked Questions’.
And be it enacted, That in all such Cases, where it shall be adjudged that any such Prisoner shall be so discharged and so entitled as aforesaid at some future Period, it shall be lawful for the said Court or Commissioner or Justices, if it shall seem fit, to direct that such Prisoner shall be confined during any such Period within the Walls of the Prison, and not within any Rules or Liberties thereof.
Wife blows me before her black lover comes over. Wicked wife loves anal. Facefuck with cum in throat. Hot ass stretched with buttplug before anal. Someone's neglected wife gulping cum.
The brand new Procol Harum studio album, Novum, will be released on April 21 via Eagle Records on CD and 2LP. Their first studio album in fourteen years, and thirteenth overall, follows 2003’s The Well’s On Fire. Novum is released as the band celebrates its 50th anniversary, while also undertaking a UK and European tour. The album release is preceded by that of the single “Sunday Morning” on April 7th.
Half a century ago, powered by the huge and ongoing success of their debut single “A Whiter Shade Of Pale”, Procol Harum went on to help define the progressive rock genre while at the same time embracing their roots in blues and soul. “A Whiter Shade Of Pale” continues to be one of the best-selling singles of all time. The cover artwork of Novum by Julia Brown references elements of the sleeve of that album - the band’s eponymous debut album in 1967.
Procol Harum has been an evolving musical force from the first performance in ’67, but always led by founding member, singer, pianist and composer Gary Brooker. Most of today’s lineup has been playing together since the early ‘90s and it includes bassist Matt Pegg (Jethro Tull, Ian Brown), drummer Geoff Dunn (Jimmy Page, Dave Stewart, Van Morrison), guitarist Geoff Whitehorn (Roger Chapman, Paul Rodgers, Roger Daltrey) and Hammond organ player Josh Phillips (Pete Townsend and Midge Ure), but to all their fans, they are the real Procol Harum.
“Our last studio album was in 2003, and with 2017 being 50 years of Procol Harum, something special was needed, which has resulted in a new album of new songs with the band as we’ve stood for the past decade, all contributing with producer Dennis Weinreich to make what I believe to be one of the finest Procol Harum albums ever - Novum - just listen”, states Gary Brooker.
Novum sees a new direction for Procol Harum with the songs being written and created by the whole band, with most songs featuring words by Pete Brown, most famous for his songwriting collaboration with the members of Cream. This has given a different feel to the songs, retaining the thought provoking content for which the band has always been known but with a different slant and elements of humor.
Novum marks not only an incredible fifty years of amazing music, but also the next step for this seminal band. This long-awaited collection of brand new songs is sure to be welcomed by Procol Harum’s devoted fanbase.
Manuscripts should be written in English and sent, preferably, to the Editors e-mail address: biodiv@amu.edu.pl, or to: Biodiversity: Research and Conservation, Department of Plant Taxonomy, Adam Mickiewicz University, Umultowska 89, 61-614 Poznań, Poland.
The suitability of manuscripts will be independently evaluated by the members of the Editorial Board and referees selected by the editors. All submitted articles are subject to blind peer review. Manuscripts should be prepared in the MS Word text editor; in case of sending a paper version, it is obligatory to attach also a CD). Each copy of the manuscript should be complete, including copies of tables, line figures and black and white photographs.
The manuscript of an original article should be entirely double spaced and arranged in the following structure. The First page: Title – not more than 100 characters including spaces; Authors – full forenames and surnames; Affiliations – full postal address of authors’ parent institutions; Correspondence address; Abstract – the main theses and results, not exceeding 250 words; Key words – not more than eight. Text: no right justification; no hyphenation at the ends of lines; no boldface and underline; only Latin names of taxa (genus, species, subspecies and variety) and all syntaxa should by written in italics.
Material and methods – sufficient information for replication of the results by a competent researcher.
Results – important results first. Data should by presented in the form of figures and tables in numerical sequence. Statistical analyses enclosed if applicable. The use of SI units is obligatory. The subheadings and insertion places of figures, tables and photos should by indicated in the text (e.g. Fig. 1, Table 1).
For other types of publications, the proper format of references will be assigned by the Editors. In addition, authors should include in references the appropriate DOI number, whenever applicable (as shown on the above examples). DOI numbers are usually located at the top of the article front page. They automatically make the active link, so care must be taken that the numbers are correct and complete.
...according to Mizianty et al. (2001); ...according to Meusel & Jäger (1992); In Poland, the genus is represented by 4 wild growing species (Mizianty et al. 2001).
Figures. The numbered figures and illustrations should be included on separate pages and provided with the concise captions containing a title and explanations essential for understanding of illustrated content. Figures should be of professional quality and should not include typed entries. Preferably, all figures and maps would be send in JPEG or TIFF format (resolution not less than 300 dpi; font Arial, 8 pts.) and illustrations prepared in Corel Draw. Graphs and diagrams should be presented in Excel and send along with the source data used in their preparation. Photographs and microphotographs must be clear and of high-contrast. In case of grouping several images into one plate, it is obligatory to include the layout scheme. Color printing is possible by arrangement with the editors, for additional charge. Illustrations can be reproduced in two sizes: over two columns (15 x 19 cm) and to one column width (7 x 19 cm). Originals of graphs, maps, schemata and photographs should be prepared in a way ensuring that after appropriate reduction (if applicable) they are clearly legible.
Tables. The numbered tables with their corresponding captions should be sent on separate pages. They ought to be prepared in the MS Word editor (font Arial, 8 pts.), in dimensions not exceeding 15 x 19 cm.
Any other problems related to the preparation of manuscripts for publishing should be clarified with the editors.
The editorial staff will keep the authors informed on the successive stages of editorial processing of their works, including: (1) forwarding for review, (2) the review outcome, (3) the acceptation or rejection of submitted manuscript, (4) sending out a copy for an author’s revision; please note that the revision should be restricted to the correction of typographical errors and implementation of the editors’ and reviewers’ recommendations, (5) publishing.
each publication is subject to a single blind review and is reviewed by two independent reviewers not affiliated with the home institution/s of the author/s
an annual list of reviewers is published once per year in the year-end issue both on the journal’s website and in the printed version. The names of reviewers contributing to individual issues of the journal are not revealed to authors or to other reviewers.
Submission of a manuscript indicates a tacit understanding that the paper is not actively under consideration for publication in other journals. Once the paper is accepted, authors are assumed to have transferred the copyright of the paper to the Department of Plant Taxonomy of the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań. After completing the review process, a corresponding author, on behalf of all authors, will be asked to send the signed declaration of License to Publish by e-mail (as a scanned attachment) to the following address: biodiv@amu.edu.pl. A properly completed License to Publish must be provided for each submitted manuscript.
Biodiversity: Research and Conservation makes every effort to ensure the highest scientific ethical standards for all submissions and to prevent cases of ‘ghostwriting’ and ‘guest authorship’. A corresponding author, on behalf of all authors, will be required to complete and submit to the above e-mail address, the signed Research Funding and Author Contribution Statement (as a scanned attachment) to indicate the contributions of all authors and the source(s) of research funding.
The original version of the Journal is a printed version. The Journal does not provide off-prints to authors and does not have article processing charges (APCs), except for charges for colour printing, nor article submission charges.
© 2007-2016, Department of Plant Taxonomy, Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań (Poland), Website by Meritonix
When you combine skinny, thin women, with hipbones and a bikini you get a bridge. With the right angle and light, can be a very sexy view. Some sexy bikinis bridge I've found. Peak Under The Bikini Bottom!! Bikini bridges and panty pulls.
German rock band The New Roses embark on an 11-date UK headline tour in November and December. Special guests on the tour are British hard rock band Departed, except for the shows in Carlisle (Heartbreak Remedy), Newcastle (Saints Of Arcadia) and Southampton (Voodoo Vegas), and The Brink.
The band from the beautiful German region Rheingau had their ultimate breakthrough when their second album One More For The Road climbed into the Top 20 of the German Official Album Charts in 2017. The album received rave reviews from the British media. The album was released by Napalm Records (Universal) with whom the band signed and international record deal in 2015.
Just before hitting the road in the UK The New Roses will be the only European act on the KISS Kruise VIII from October 31st - November 5th from Miami to Nassau to Key West.
This year the band already toured Germany and France, were special guests on The Dead Daisies' European tour and will play more than 30 festivals this summer including Sweden Rock, Open Road Fest, Matapaloz, Rock Of Ages and Rock Hard Festival.
Karl Jenkins, the mastermind of the Adiemus project and The Armed Man (A Mass For Peace) has the gift of composing music that speaks to a..
New Letter of Representation for the Administering Officer has been uploaded. Please navigate to the link below.
This website is best viewed at 1024x768 or higher resolution with Mozilla Firefox or Internet Explorer 8.0
For dollhouse and miniature lovers of all scales and crafters in general. See miniatures in a variety of ways from remakes, to scratch building and fun contests etc!
I am checking out how to change my blog. Something creepy happened from a stranger follower. I want to either make it private or shut it down.
I don't know what happened to make you want to change your blog Grandmommy, but it sounds serious. Perhaps there is a way to block the stranger in question?
Hello Grandmommy, if you are having problems from a follower - you just (left mouse button)click on their picture from your followers list and below it there will be a 'Add as friend', 'send a message' and 'Block this user'. You just block them so they can no longer interact on your blog. Hope this helps =0)
Hi grandmommy! I just read your post, but I am afraid I can't help you, I'm sorry. Moreover I've learned something of Pepper now! Hope you can resolve the dilemma soon.
Do you know if the creepy thing is permanent (like a hacker) or just a nuisance? I hate to see your blog shut down. What about help from a blogger forum? Not easy to do but may be worth a try. I do have a private blog where I experiment with fonts, backgrounds etc. If you go private, hopefully you can make it public again when things are fixed. Good luck
How terrible. I have no advice to give, but as mentioned above I hope we won't loose your wonderful blog!
If you know who the user is, you can block them through your blogger dashboard. And you can also make your blog private there as well - that way you can always make it public again later when the creep has gone away (and even if you're not comfortable ever being public again, at least you'll still be able to view your old content yourself).
Sorry I don't have any help either. I really hope you resolve it soon it would be a shame to shut your wonderful blog down.
I hope you are able to block them and if you have to make your blog private for awhile, then you should.
Welcome to my blog!I am so happy to see you here! I am now doing what I have always loved...playing with dolls and making their accessories.Crafting has been fun for me since I was a child. Although my daughters and I furnished our first dollhouse in the 90's, I didn't start making my own dollhouse accessories 1:12 scale until 2009. Won't you come join us?
Copyright © bigandlittlecreations.My written permission required to copy texts, graphics or videos. Theme images by Jason Morrow. Powered by Blogger.
Mangalbhavan is end to your search for qualified pundit/purohits for any puja or hawan and authentic puja samagri for all rituals along with consultation from pundits for shubh muhurat and vastu.
The surge and occupied city of India, Khamkheda, as of different urban areas, the general population of this city is likewise loaded with a considerable measure of societies and celebrates distinctive sort of puja at their home and office. For, instance on the off chance that we would see puja at home, There might be Grih Parvesh (Housewarming) or Laxmi Puja, or Durga Puja, or Ganesh Chaturthi, or Shiv puja, or there might be the situation of marriage or engagement. In any of the case, you will require a Pandit Ji to execute all the required ceremonies and festivities socially.
What is more, we are extremely mindful of the surge and occupied timetables of the general population in Khamkheda, and finding a Priest or Pandit Ji at last could be extremely a great deal of inconvenience and not all that solid either.
In this way, with our online PanditJi booking services in Khamkheda, you may effectively peruse our site to locate the best and master Pandit Ji to make the custom festival of yours for the best gift. That is, you would access to online Pandit Ji for puja in Khamkheda with only a tick from our site. Or, then again, in the event that you do need to direct and make some exceptional kind of hawan or puja at home or office lie Shanti Puja, Mantra puja, et cetera, You could likewise approach online purohit for Puja in Khamkheda.
Essentially, go to our site, select your area as Khamkheda. Now tap on Book catch with few points of interest of time and setting and other such proper subtle elements to pre-book a Pandit Ji for puja at your home or office at an exceptionally sensible cost. Additionally, not simply customs and societies, we do likewise need to deal with a great deal of different things like, Puja samagri i.e things which we will requirement for the puja, puja Prasad i.e Bhog which ought to be set up for God and goddess and the blessed individuals who are coming at the puja. In this way, in either case, you will require a Pandit Ji who could help you to make the custom and festivity, best case scenario with Puja samagri, Puja Bhog or ceremonies and other puja materials and things. Our group would get in touch with you with the further subtle elements and help you to get the Puja samagri in Khamkheda with the point by point rundown of stuff required. Or, on the other hand, you may even get the required stuff from our site itself. You would simply need to discover the kind of Puja at our site and request online the Puja samagri at your doorstep with no bother. We give online pandit ji booking administrations in Khamkheda for any puja or hawan at your home/office with puja samagri for all ceremonies.
It’s all systems go for the 2014 edition of the Cell C Community Cup, with the country’s top non-university clubs departing on Friday for eight first-round matches taking place across the length and breadth of the country this weekend.
A tight tussle is expected between these two old foes, who finished second and third respectively behind FNB Varsity Cup side NMMU Madibaz in the 2013 EP Grand Challenge – arguably the second strongest premier league in the country after the Western Province Super League. Spring Rose, coached by Lulama Mpalala, were the only team to beat the Madibaz last season, while the New Brighton side lost 25-21 to Despatch at the venue of next month’s Community Cup opener.
Despatch, who will once again be coached by former Springbok lock Adri Geldenhuys, lost narrowly to Madibaz and drew with the EP Kings‘ Vodacom Cup side in warm-up matches.
Despatch vs Spring Rose apart, the opening weekend of Community Cup 2014 is packed with intriguing battles. In Pool C, title contenders G5 Metals Brakpan, the Valke champions, travel from the East Rand to the West Coast to play Boland champions Roses United at Pelican Park in Wellington. And another capacity crowd is expected at the D’Almeida Stadium in Mossel Bay where Barbarians will host Bridgton in an all-SWD affair.
Adding spice to this Southern Cape derby is the fact that Barbarians will have a point to prove, having lost 25-24 to Bridgton in the 2013 SWD Premier League final at the neutral venue of George, thanks to a try after the hooter. Barbarians will be hoping that their formidable home-ground advantage will help them to reverse that heartbreaking loss.
Gap Management Despatch captain Elroy Ligman and Spring Rose skipper Lubabalo Mpongoshe show off the iconic Gold Cup ahead of their tournament opener on Saturday in Despatch. Photo: Carl Fourie/Gallo Images.
About Alan Straton: Passionate about Port Elizabeth and definitely NOT packing for Perth. Alan's ethos is epitomised in the words of Nelson Mandela; "I have fought against white domination and I have fought against black domination. I have cherished the idea of a democratic and free society. If need be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die."
Around 400 buffaloes drowned after stampeding into the Chobe River along the border between Botswana and Namibia, possibly while running away from lions, the tourism ministry said in a statement on Thursday.
Video and photographs captured by the Serondela Lodge, a safari lodge close to where the animals were found, showed the dead buffaloes scattered across the river on Wednesday.
The Chobe River flows along the northeastern border of the Chobe National Park, known for the large breeding herds of elephants, giraffe, sable and African buffalo, which make it a major tourist attraction in Southern Africa.
Initial investigations by Botswana and Namibia suggest that an exceptionally large buffalo herd was grazing in Namibia before they stampeded into the Chobe River. The buffalo trampled on each other and fell into the river from its steep banks, the ministry’s statement said.
Michelle Obama says she will ‘never forgive’ Trump for Barack birther claims and reveals she ‘feared for her daughters’ lives and recoiled with shock when he won
Michelle Obama’s memoir, Becoming, is released next week – with the book set to launch a series of attacks on Donald Trump
The former first lady will say that she reacted in shock the night she learned he would replace her husband in the Oval Office and tried to ‘block it all out’
She also blasts Trump’s ‘birther’ campaign questioning her husband’s citizenship, calling it bigoted and dangerous
Her body ‘buzzed with fury’ from Trump’s ‘p***y’ tape comments about women and say they meant: ‘I can hurt you and get away with it’
And she will accuse him of trying to ‘stalk’ Hillary Clinton on stage during their presidential debate
Obama said the book describes her life from ‘being held up as a the most powerful woman in the world’ to being ‘taken down as an ‘angry black woman’
She said she could relate to 19th century African-American abolitionist and women’s rights activist Sojourner Truth, author of the speech ‘Ain’t I Woman?’
Former first lady Michelle Obama blasts President Donald Trump in her new book, recalling how she reacted in shock the night she learned he would replace her husband in the Oval Office and tried to ‘block it all out’.
In her memoir ‘Becoming,’ set to come out Tuesday, Michelle Obama denounces the president for bragging in 2005 about ‘grabbing’ women ‘by the p***y’.
Obama not only voices disdain for Trump but also talks about her marriage and IVF, Hillary Clinton, race and how she .
Obama remembers how her body ‘buzzed with fury’ after seeing the infamous Access Hollywood tape, in which Trump brags about sexually assaulting women.
She wrote, ‘It was an expression of hatred that had generally been kept out of polite company, but still lived in the marrow of our supposedly enlightened society — alive and accepted enough that someone like Donald Trump could afford to be cavalier about it.’
She also blasts Trump’s ‘birther’ campaign questioning her husband’s citizenship, calling it bigoted and dangerous, ‘deliberately meant to stir up the wingnuts and kooks’.
She wrote: “The whole [birther] thing was crazy and mean-spirited, of course, its underlying bigotry and xenophobia hardly concealed. But it was also dangerous, deliberately meant to stir up the wingnuts and kooks.
“What if someone with an unstable mind loaded a gun and drove to Washington? What if that person went looking for our girls? Donald Trump, with his loud and reckless innuendos, was putting my family’s safety at risk. And for this I’d never forgive him.”
Obama she accuses Trump of using body language to ‘stalk’ his 2016 opponent, Hillary Clinton, during an election debate. She says Trump followed Clinton around the stage, stood too close and tried to diminish her presence.
Trump’s message, according to Obama, in words which appear in the book in darkened print: ‘I can hurt you and get away with it.’
Obama writes that she assumed Trump was ‘grandstanding’ when he announced his presidential run in 2015. She expresses disbelief over how so many women would choose a ‘misogynist’ over Hillary Clinton, ‘an exceptionally qualified female candidate’.
In shock: Michelle Obama says in her new memoir that she tried to ‘block it all out’ when she learned her husband would be succeeded by Donald Trump. She and Barack Obama first met the Trumps in November 2016 after his election victory and again on his inauguration
Notorious: The 2005 ‘p***y’ tape saw Trump brag to then-Access Hollywood host Billy Bush: ‘When you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything.’
Obama writes openly about everything from growing up in Chicago to confronting racism in public life to her amazement at becoming the country’s first black first lady.
She said she could relate more to 19th century African-American abolitionist and women’s rights activist Sojourner Truth than sixth president John Quincy Adams who had campaigned to ban slavery.
Sojourner Truth, a former slave, famously penned the speech ‘Ain’t I A Woman? in 1851 where she challenged the notions at that time of gender and racial inequality.
She wrote, ‘I carried a history with me, and it wasn’t that of presidents or first ladies. I’d never related to the story of John Quincy Adams the way I did to that of Sojourner Truth.’
In 2012 when she campaigned with her husband for his reelection, she said she felt “haunted” how people had made assumptions about her because of the color of her skin.
Obama said the book describes her life from ‘being held up as a the most powerful woman in the world’ to being ‘taken down as an ‘angry black woman’.
She wrote, ‘I was female, black and strong, which to certain people . . . translated only to ‘angry.’ It was another damaging cliche, one that’s been forever used to sweep minority women to the perimeter of every room . . . I was now starting to actually feel a bit angry, which then made me feel worse, as if I were fulfilling some prophecy laid out for me by the haters.”
The attack on Trump comes after her husband used the campaign trail to criticize his successor in a way not seen by a former president in post-war politics.
The only known meetings between Trump and Michelle Obama were just after the election and on the day the Obamas left the White House and welcomed Donald and Melania Trump to it before he was sworn in as the 46th president.
She first met Trump at the White House when he and Melania went there just after his election win in November 2016, but the meeting appears to have been brief.
Michelle had tea with Melania Trump and the two discussed raising children at the White House, with the then-First Lady giving her successor a tour of the East Wing.
The book is set to be a publishing phenomenon and was part of a joint deal with her husband which earned them a reputed $65 million advance. His memoirs are due out next year.
‘Stalking’: Michelle Obama says that Donald Trump was trying to use body language to intimidate Hillary Clinton at the second of their presidentila debates
Obama described feeling bullied during her husband’s 2008 campaign. She wrote, ‘If I’d learned anything from the ugliness of the campaign, from the myriad of ways people had sought to write me off as angry or unbecoming, it was that public judgment sweeps in to fill any void. . . . I knew that I would never allow myself to get that banged up again.”
She also reflects on early struggles in her marriage to Barack Obama as he began his political career and was often away.
She writes that they met with a counselor ‘a handful of times,’ and she came to realize that she was more ‘in charge’ of her happiness than she had realized. ‘This was my pivot point,’ Obama explains. ‘My moment of self-arrest.’
She writes lovingly of her family and gives a detailed account of her courtship with her future husband, whom she met when both were at the Chicago law firm Sidley Austin LLP; she was initially his adviser. Secretaries claimed he was both brilliant and ‘cute,’ although Michelle Obama was skeptical, writing that white people went ‘bonkers’ any time you ‘put a suit’ on a ‘half-intelligent black man.’ She also thought his picture had a ‘whiff of geekiness.’
But she was more than impressed after meeting him, by his ‘rich, even sexy baritone’ and by his ‘strange, stirring combination’ of serenity and power. ‘This strange mix-of-everything-man,’ when she finally let him kiss her, set off a ‘toppling blast of lust, gratitude, fulfillment, wonder.’
Obama wrote she was keen not to be accused of foisting her own policies on her husband. Family dinners were spent talking with their daughters about middle school rather than world issues.
The rollout of the book will see a prime time special on ABC this weekend which will include a pit stop at her childhood home.
Good Morning America anchor Robin Roberts revealed on-air last week that she had been in Chicago with Obama the previous day, filming for the special, ‘Becoming Michelle: A First Lady’s Journey with Robin Roberts,’ which is scheduled to air November 11 on ABC.
Robins said that while they were in the Windy City Thursday, they stopped at Obama’s childhood home on the South Side of Chicago.
In a short clip, the pair can be seen standing outside the South Euclid Avenue home that Obama, her older brother Craig, and her parents lived in while she was growing up.
The family lived in a one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment that didn’t have air conditioning at the time, according to the Chicago Tribune.
Robins also said that she and Obama stopped at Obama’s high school to surprise some of the students there with free tickets to her book tour, noting that Obama will be donating 10 per cent of her book tour ticket sales to local and community organizations and schools.
The ABC special is part of the promotion for Obama’s memoir, Becoming, which hits bookshelves on November 13.
Then, that night, Obama will be joined by Oprah Winfrey at Chicago’s United Center for the kickoff event in the former First Lady’s book tour. Obama will spend about five weeks touring the country, speaking to fans at major venues including Brooklyn’s Barclays Center, Denver’s Pepsi Center and Dallas’ American Airlines Center.
Michelle Obama (left) showed Good Morning America’s Robin Roberts her childhood home in the South Side of Chicago on Thursday
Throughout the tour, she will be joined by special guests including Reese Witherspoon, Valerie Jarrett, Tracee Ellis Ross and Sarah Jessica Parker.
A press release about the book tour said that fans will hear ‘Mrs. Obama’s honest reflections on the experiences and events, both public and private, that have shaped her, from her childhood on the South Side of Chicago to her years as an executive balancing the demands of motherhood and work, to her years spent at the most famous address in the world.’
In London, tickets for her sole UK appearance went on sale Thursday and sold out almost instantly with 80,000 people stuck in an electornic line.
Re-sellers advertised them for as much as $91,500 (£70,000), prompting the venue, the Southbank Centre, to say that any tickets sold on resale sites would not be honored
About ten years ago, I worked for a company called the California Superbike School (CSS). I had the horrible job of going really fast around one of the best racetracks in the world and teaching other people how to do it, too.
As great as the job was, it was also obviously dangerous. There’s not too much room for error when you’re going flat out. Accidents can happen. But the CSS is a well-run organization with a system for everything. That’s what allows it to be successful in the United States, UK, and Australia, despite the different cultures.
One of those systems was about communication. In particular, it was about how you spoke to someone who had crashed. The bottom line is that motorbikes don’t crash without rider input and collisions on a racetrack are rare. That means that nearly 100% of the crashes on a racetrack are due to rider error.
"Ultimate responsibility for your body falls on you. If you got injured, it is because you did something you weren’t ready for."
Imagine yourself in the following situation to get a feel for how frustrating it might be. You’ve just crashed your pride and joy, and you know the crash won’t be covered by insurance (as racetrack crashes aren’t). You’re looking at a repair bill likely in the thousands. You’re probably a bit battered and bruised. Then someone like me comes up and asks, “What did you do?”
You see, the bike didn’t slide by itself. You slid it. The bike didn’t lock the front wheel. You did that. You caused every control error that led to the crash. So what I’m trying to say here, despite knowing you feel bad and that you’re more than a little sheepish and in pain, is that I know you caused the crash and want to hear that you know what you did to cause it, too. This is a school after all, and we’re here to learn. I’d rather you figure this crash out now, than repeat it on the road where you may slide into oncoming traffic instead of safely onto the grass by the side of the track.
Now, years later and as a personal trainer, imagine my frustration when I speak to people weekly who seem to be having the same “crash” over and over again. Like the guy who tells me how his neck flares up “all the time.” Or the guy who has a shoulder injury that he’s “very good at managing.”
If you have an injury that wasn’t caused by a trauma like falling down the stairs or being in a car accident, then you caused it. When it comes to the gym, that means it was caused by one thing - you weren’t paying attention. That one thing can actually be split into two parts - either you tried a lift you shouldn’t have (such as with too much weight or when unduly fatigued) or you used poor form. Regardless, the “crash” was because you weren’t paying attention and the result was an injury.
"You see, the bike didn’t slide by itself. You slid it. The bike didn’t lock the front wheel. You did that. You caused every control error that led to the crash."
Sadly, these scenarios often occur because trainers ask clients to do things they shouldn’t. I’ve heard stories of students knowing that what they were being asked to do was idiotic, but in wanting to impress their teachers, they suddenly find themselves with an Olympic bar on their back doing plank holds.
While I’m not condoning the teacher’s behavior, at some point the students should have put their foot down. As in, the moment they were being asked to do something they knew was stupid. Ultimate responsibility for your body falls on you. If you got injured, it is because you did something you weren’t ready for.
Clinicians often play a role in these situations, too. They’re good at treating the site of the pain you caused by doing something badly, but often that is where their treatment ends. If you only rehabilitate yourself to the point where you are pain free, then you are likely to get hurt again.
The number one predictor for injury is previous injury. So, if you got hurt from a movement in the gym, then unless the faulty movement pattern is fixed, you’re only setting yourself up to end up in front of the same therapist again. And no, this doesn’t count as “managing” an injury.
Good management of an injury sees you doing the homework needed to fix the underlying movement issue and then never seeing the therapist for the same issue again. Anything that sounds like, “Oh, it just flares up every now and then,” isn’t good management of the problem and is a sign of your laziness, your therapist’s incompetence, or both.
Either your therapist isn’t addressing the underlying movement issue or you’re not doing your homework. If your therapist isn’t doing his or her job, then walk away and find one who can. And no, it makes no difference how nice he or she may be or that you’ve been going to see him or her for years. All that matters is whether or not your practitioner is actually addressing the problem or just sticking Band-Aids on it.
So when you go to your trainer and complain that something hurts, be prepared to take blame for whatever it is that ails you. The bottom line is - if you hurt yourself in the gym, it was because you did something you weren’t ready for.
"At the end of the day, you are responsible for the health and wellbeing of your body. You are the one who should be most concerned about it."
And if you’ve been getting treatment that has essentially proven ineffective (because you’re still injured), then be prepared to defend your laziness or choice of practitioner. At the end of the day, you are responsible for the health and well being of your body. You are the one who should be most concerned about it.
Take responsibility and don’t allow yourself to be put in a position you’re not ready for with a load you can’t handle. Remember, barbells don’t hurt people. Idiots hurt people.
See more about: injury, mobility, Recovery, crossfit injury, injury recovery, racing, responsibility, mobility, Recovery
Bay Windo Bendable Curtain Pole Amazing Nursery Curtains is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. you will get a lot of information about in here. We not only provide information about only, you will get a lot more references to design your dream home. So , don't forget to keep visit Augcyl.org to get the latest information about home design, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, living room, and furniture and more. Bay Windo Bendable Curtain Pole Amazing Nursery Curtains was posted in October 17, 2018 at 2:22 pm. Bay Windo Bendable Curtain Pole Amazing Nursery Curtains has viewed by 13 users. Click it and download the Bay Windo Bendable Curtain Pole Amazing Nursery Curtains.
Clemson coach Brad Brownell and players Shelton Mitchell and Gabe DeVoe talk with reporters after the Tigers’ 90-82 win over Boston College on Thursday in the 2018 ACC Tournament.
Gabe DeVoe scored 25 points and Shelton Mitchell had 21 as No. 19 Clemson beat Boston College 90-82 on Thursday to advance to the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament semifinals for the first time since 2011.
Boston College’s Jerome Robinson is the Atlantic Coast Conference Basketball Player of the Week, while Louisville’s Jordan Nwora claimed Rookie of the Week accolades.
Virginia Tech’s upset win at Virginia caused some movement in the middle of the ACC as we edge closer to Brooklyn. The Hokies (18-7, 7-5 ACC) have now won five of their last six, and are one of four teams at five losses in conference play.
The second ESPN Big Monday game of the season finds No. 10 North Carolina making the trip to Virginia Tech. Cameron Johnson averaged 18.5 points in the last two outings for the Tar Heels, who bring a four-game winning streak into the contest.
Duke freshman Gary Trent Jr. and NC State sophomore Omer Yurtseven have been recognized as the Atlantic Coast Conference Basketball Co-Players of the Week, while Trent earned ACC Rookie of the Week honors.
The Atlantic Coast Conference announced the 2018 football schedule Wednesday, and once again, it includes arguably the most challenging non-conference competition among the Power 5 conferences.
The first ESPN Big Monday ACC matchup of the season is set this evening as No. 5 Duke travels to No. 25 Miami. The game is one of two nationally televised ACC contests on the Monday night, with Boston College’s home matchup against Florida State also scheduled.
North Carolina junior Luke Maye has been named the Atlantic Coast Conference Basketball Player of the Week, while Duke’s Marvin Bagley III was named the league’s Rookie of the Week.
Following a break on Monday night, the ACC schedule resumes with a total of seven conference games on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.
Notre Dame sophomore T.J. Gibbs has been named the Atlantic Coast Conference Basketball Player of the Week, while Miami freshman Chris Lykes earned ACC Rookie of the Week honors.
The ACC weekday slate tips off Tuesday night with Pitt traveling to Louisville. The game will be the first league test for the Cardinals, while the Panthers seek to rebound from last Saturday’s loss to No. 15 Miami in their ACC opener.
UVA sophomore Ty Jerome has been named the Atlantic Coast Conference Basketball Player of the Week, while Duke freshman Marvin Bagley III earned ACC Rookie of the Week honors.
Notre Dame’s Bonzie Colson has been named the Atlantic Coast Conference Basketball Player of the Week, while Duke freshman Wendell Carter Jr. earned ACC Rookie of the Week accolades.
ACC women’s basketball teams will begin an 18-game conference schedule starting with the 2019-20 season, the league announced Thursday.
The ACC led all conferences nationally with six of the 20 defensive football student-athletes named Wednesday as quarterfinalists for the 2017 Lott Impact Trophy.
The Atlantic Coast Conference announced the following game times and networks for the football games of Oct. 27-28.
The ACC Football Players of the Week have been recognized following their performances in Week 7 of the 2017 season.
The ACC is continuing its sportsmanship awareness campaign by recognizing 2017 Fall Sportsmanship Week through Sunday, October 15.
The ACC Football Players of the Week have been recognized following their performances in Week 6 of the 2017 season.
The ACC Football Players of the Week have been recognized following their performances in Week 5 of the 2017 season.
Eight student-athletes from the Atlantic Coast Conference have been named semifinalists for the 2017 William V. Campbell Trophy.
The ACC Football Players of the Week have been recognized following their performances in week four of the 2017 season.
The ACC leads all leagues with six teams listed among Blue Ribbon College Basketball Yearbook’s preseason Top 25 rankings, including three among the top 10.
The ACC Football Players of the Week have been recognized following their performances in week three of the 2017 season.
The Atlantic Coast Conference Football Players of the Week have been recognized following their performances in Week 2 of the 2017 season.
The Atlantic Coast Conference announced the following game times and networks for the football games of September 23.
AFP editor Chris Graham joins media members interviewing Clemson coach Dabo Swinney at the 2017 ACC Kickoff.
Clemson coach Dabo Swinney and players Christian Wilkins and Tyrone Crowder talk with the media at the 2017 ACC Kickoff.
I have already been feeding my Pet just meat (alternating amongst rooster and organic beef) and eggs. Could I cut the meat in 50 % as well as feed her cooked brown rice or oatmeal for another fifty percent with the meal?
I think you need to be much more educated on the overall means of raw feeding. Here is a Q & A piece on Uncooked feeding.
You can find risks current with every single decision we make, so It can be your decision to create the decisions it is possible to Dwell with and truly feel cozy with. Examine the risk with the advantages and make your own personal selections.
Dr. Kondraki: Honestly, I had been guessing. I figured, both it labored And that i received finished early sufficient to capture some lunch, or I’d really have to Believe fast just before he killed me.
FarmLink provides special solutions to help farmers increase their sources. FarmLink provides to farming the science of benchmarking and establishes a baseline by which to measure the influence of inputs and decisions. Visit Internet site »
Feed your Pet what his overall body has to prosper as an alternative to falling into your lure of believing the industrial pet foodstuff businesses costly marketing strategies.
You are able to certainly grind them, nevertheless it's a lot of work for you plus the Canine will overlook the physical exercise of ripping, crunching and chewing his meals. Many of our older puppies have worn their enamel down about a long time of Chunk perform and carrying all around toys, so ground RMBs may be an selection for them find here at some point.
BP provides shoppers with fuel for transportation, Strength for warmth and light-weight, lubricants to help keep engines transferring, as well as petrochemical merchandise used to make day to day goods as diverse as paints, clothing and packaging.
Ever due to the fact the web brought networks into the limelight, network science's significantly potent array of analytic and predictive equipment have found application in social sciences, biology, physics, internet marketing, and pretty much each individual other area where by users or objects interact.
Broadcom is a global leader and innovator in semiconductor solutions for wired and wi-fi communications. Broadcom® goods seamlessly produce voice, video clip, data and multimedia connectivity in the home, Business and cellular environments.
the CSIR undertakes directed and multidisciplinary study, technological innovation and industrial and scientific progress to improve the quality of life of the men and women of Africa.
Just click here to edit contents of this website page. Click this link to toggle enhancing of individual sections from the web page (if at all possible). Watch headings for an "edit" hyperlink when obtainable. Append written content without the need of enhancing The full website page supply. Have a look at how this webpage has evolved in the past. If you'd like to examine contents of this web site - this is the simplest way to make it happen. See and handle file attachments for this site. A handful of handy equipment to handle This web site.
Changing how fundamental analysis is completed will help shift seed funding from social-nearby-mobile Image-sharing applications to smaller biotech companies with two graduate learners in addition to a notebook.
Some Uncooked feeders won't feed pork due to the potential of trichinosis, but In the event the meat is inspected I Don't be concerned about it. I don't know if I'd personally feed a wild pig to my pet dogs or sure wild activity like bear or beaver. We do feed wild venison without issue.
In a nutshell, I wasted 2 hours so you won’t have to. She promised lots of useful information and a PDF about finding your “microniche”. It was total crap. A 2 hour long sakes pitch to join her online Tribe for $767 a year so she can sell you endless Addon’s. There was less info […]
I’ve been working for the last couple of weeks on the Big Orange Tarp mission plan for 2018. For the first time I will be presenting showcases at all the regional conferences in the same year, as well as FAI Montreal in 2019. I often do workshops and mentorings at these also. If there are […]
Sandie Reilly and I are super excited for our BOT showcases at the upcoming Folk Alliance International Conference in Kansas City. Partnering once again with Access Film Music with assistance from Grassy Hill. All of these performers are super strong and ready to headline your venue. Click on the artist name to visit their websites. […]
I had a great session on video at last weekend’s Southwest Regional Folk Alliance conference. Thanks to Dalis Allen, Paul Barker, the Flying A’s, and everyone else working the conference. We had a spirited Q&A session afterwards and I wanted to add these notes and gear links. For artists concerned about posting video to YouTube, […]
(This post is wordy. If you don’t want the metastory, you can skip down to my previous post for more how and less why). Live Streaming is the hottest thing in social media. Studies have shown that posts accompanied by a graphic are much more effective than text only posts. Video ups the ante even […]
Rob Lytle – Audio Check Streaming Video seems to be the focus of all the social media services. In a world of short attention spans and a pathological fear of reading, Live video is the most effective way to engage and grow your audience. Although Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter all offer live streaming, you may […]
I’m excited to be returning to SWRFA this year with a Big Orange Tarp artist showcase (partnering with Access Film Music), some One on One mentoring from 1:30-3:00pm on Friday afternoon in the Elm Room. and a Live Video Streaming workshop from 10-11:30am on Saturday morning in the Elm Room. Big Orange Tarp showcase SWRFA […]
The Playlist Live conference is relatively new. Started in 2011, they held 2 3day events this year. The first in April with a reported 12,000 attendees. I attended the Washington DC conference last weekend for the first time. It was an eye-opener. First off, I felt incredibly old. The Woodstock generation was almost entirely unrepresented […]
Whenever I travel, one of my must have items is a sleep mask. Zeepo has made a newly designed mask without straps, which is now part of my packing list.
Sleep masks keep out unwanted light. When traveling, I usually have a difficult time falling asleep. Perhaps it’s because I’m not in my own bed. Or, I need to have a night light so I can find the bathroom in the dark. A sleep mask helps me fall asleep quickly and stay asleep.
Sleep Masks with straps can be uncomfortable. Just like Goldie Locks, some are too tight, some too loose. And after using one for a while, the straps can stretch out. They also mess up my hair.
Zeepo has a patent pending design. In place of straps, adhesive strips are used. These strips are placed on the mask which is then placed on your face. You can find the right fit by using the number of strips you need.
Besides the new design, Zeepo uses soft fabric and is made with the health of the consumer in mind. The sleep mask is made with a cotton flannel mask lined with Tencel, a soft anti-bacterial fabric. The adhesive strips are made with “FDA-approved Medical-Grade Silicone, Hypoallergenic, FREE of Latex, Tin, Platinum and Peroxide.”
After using the Zeepo sleep mask for about 3 days, I found it to block out almost all light. It took just a few hours to get used to. I only needed three adhesive strips for my perfect fit. At first, when peeling off the strips, it was a bit uncomfortable, but soon it was fine. I used when I had a migraine and will use it when I travel. The strips are a bit on the expensive side. If using just for travel, especially when you need to sleep well, it’s worth it.
Living in the Tampa Bay area, I'm lucky enough to see beautiful sunsets almost every day. Although life can be difficult at times, focusing on the positive and being with my family is what gets me through.
I may receive monetary compensation or other types of compensation for my endorsement, recommendation, and links to any products or services from this blog. This site may contain affiliate marketing links, which means I may receive a commission on sales of those products or services that we write about. The editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. I always provide you with my own thoughts, concerns, and recommendations about the subject matter on this blog. This disclosure is provided in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR § 255.5: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.
I will have a look at this mask, I hope it´s not too expensive. I use sleeping mask in a daily basis, but the straps get looser and looser and after a few weeks it feels like I have no mask on, which sucks.
I used to wear a sleep mask years ago. However, it didn’t always fit properly and it left a dent in my hair. This one sounds interesting.
Sounds like a good mask. I’d probably have to use a lot of strips as I toss and turn a lot in my sleep.
Shanaka wrote this fabulous post..pinkEpromise sterling silver “I Love You” charm necklace give away
Some of my favorite memories with my Papa from my childhood involve us sitting at the kitchen table playing board games. He introduced me to Monopoly and taught me how to manage money through the game. We spent hours playing Yahtzee, and Friday nights with my Grandparents and a Scrabble board extended my vocabulary. My Grandparents had a closet stacked full of Hasbro games, so there was always something to play with my Papa. Hasbro has a tradition of creating great play experiences, and the new Joy For All brand is a wonderful addition to the company.
When we weren’t playing board games, I was helping my Papa around the farm, enjoying the time together with him and the animals. There were horses, cows, pigs, and chickens all around, but my Papa always had at least a couple dogs and cats running around for companionship. He has always been a true animal lover in every sense.
Things are much different today. My Papa is 78 years old, and he suffers from Alzheimer’s Disease. He kept his beloved animals around until he could no longer care for them due to his health. My Grandma helped as much as she could, but her health is also declining. Thanks to treatments, my Papa is alert, and only suffers from mild memory loss many days, such as today when my Grandma asked him to find a safety pin, and he couldn’t remember what one looks like. Other days, his mind is consumed with the past. He doesn’t recognize my children and calls my oldest daughter by my name. On these days, I often hear him asking, “Where did Trixie run off to?” Trixie was his favorite dog when I was my daughter’s age.
I love Hasbro’s new Joy For All Companion Pets so much. The companion pets are a great alternative pet companion for anyone, especially elderly loved ones like my Papa who suffer from Alzheimer’s. Joy For All Companion Pups and Joy For All Companion Cats are so realistic and provide joy, fun, and companionship for those who are unable to care for a real pet. The two-way interaction provides an experience that is so realistic, except these pets don’t have to be fed or cleaned up after. The pets respond to petting, hugging, and such. The cats purr, and the pups respond to your speech with barks and puppy sounds.
Today, I surprised my Grandparents with the Joy For All Companion Pup. The joy I saw in my Papa was priceless. He interacted with the pup, spent the longest time cuddling and petting it, and was truly like a kid again. It was amazing how such a simple product opened him up so much.
My Grandma couldn’t wait to get hands on the pup, too. She had so much fun interacting with the pup, and the look on her face when it responded to her was priceless!
My Grandma’s reaction to the @JoyForAllHasbro Companion Pup was priceless. She couldn’t wait for my Papa to give her a chance to play with it! #JoyForAll #hasbro #ad #IC
When my Papa finally managed to get the Joy for All Companion Pup back from my Grandma, he settled into his recliner to pet and cuddle the pup while he watched tv. Y’all, I managed to hold the tears back until I walked out the door, but on my walk home the floodgates opened. The joy and love emanating from my Papa to that pup, that’s a gift I rarely get to see from him these days, and that is exactly why I am so thankful I was allowed to give him this gift of something that has been missing from his life as he enjoys his final days.
Are you ready to bring joy and laughter for your loved ones? Hasbro’s Joy For All Companion Pets are great for everyone from 5-105, and they make great Christmas gifts for elderly loved ones who need companionship. Head over to JoyForAll.com to purchase a companion pet for yourself or your loved one, and use the code JOY2016 for 10% off your purchase!
Want to learn more about the Joy For All line? Check out Joy For All on Instagram, Twitter, or stop by the website.
Jenn is from Upstate, SC, and loves that she gets to work from home to be with her two little girls. Jenn has been happily married to her very own Superman, Ben, for over a decade, and spends her time reading, writing short stories, doing freelance work and blogging, crafting, riding motorcycles, watching Clemson football, and enjoying life with her family.
That really is a very cool alternative for someone who might not realize the difference and still wants/desires the interactions. I have heard of women who have been provided with realistic dolls having the same experience. Its a good idea!
I hope they enjoy the dog, your going to have to get the cat I bet they would enjoy that too. It is amazing how realistic some of these things are getting!
This really warms my heart,wait it go Hasbro.This was the sweetest most thoughtful creative product I have heard of being made.The thought process that was used to make such a wonderful,helpful,pet toys.Not only have I always loved Hasbro,but now also have much respect to the company.
These have been the longest five weeks of my life ... but Max is a beauty, I must say, and he's getting more alert every day (i.e., more fun).
Congratulations! I know EXACTLY what you mean about the longest five weeks of your life. It's SOSOSOSO exhausting having a newborn. You don't know how hard it is until you are living it.
It gets better every week and at 6 months it's just wonderful. There are ups and downs, but remember, everything is a phase. That's my mantra. Right now my Baby J has mini tantrums when I gently steer her away from the cat food. Everything is just a phase...
When my daughter was born (14 years old now, and a joy) a friend told me the truest thing I've ever heard: "You're in for some of the longest days and shortest years of your life."
Oh my gosh, he is just soooo adorable. As a mother of four (all grown now) I remember those first few weeks for each baby, but the first was by FAR the most difficult. A huge change in your entire existence. Being "on" 24/7, and thinking you'll never again get enough rest/sleep. But you will. And you won't believe how fast the time will go eventually. Just not now. :) HA. :) My best to you all.
Such a handsome boy. How is big brother Mookie dealing with the little guy? Our (female) cat "adopted" my youngest son- slept at the foot of his crib, moved with him to the big boy bed, and licked/nibbled his ears to wake him up (with the unfortunate side effect that his ears always had a faint whiff of tuna!). Take lots of photos since they change so fast at that age.
You have a definite cutie! I don't have any kids yet, but I'll admit the idea of a baby lump that just pees, eats, poops and yawns (as one of my friends says) is a bit demoralizing. It is good to know that stage is brief!
I've been following your blog for ages, I left work to have my baby (10 months now) and now am writing my own blog too!
Oh, he is just beautiful! It's true - time will fly from now on, even though it seems long at the moment. Cherish every day with your precious bundle.
Not only is he adorable and precious, but this is also an excellent photo. Hang in there, Brainy Lady, I hope the wise words above come true for you. :-)
He is such a beauty! Oh my. Yes, the first 6 weeks are particularly hard. It's a combo of some of the most intense positive emotions of wonder and love and the flats of mind-numbing exhaustion. You have to work to remember the good stuff and let the other stuff fade...
I know exactly what you mean. I totally gets easier...then harder...then easier again. Yaya for cute baby boys!
He's getting so big! Love the boppy pillow. Is that pattern the actually pillow or a cover? I love the apple prints! Where's it from?? Our boppy could use a new cover.
The fifth Late Night Christmas Shopping Evening in Southwell seemed busier than ever this year. Despite the cold and occasional snow flurry the streets were filled with people enjoying the mixture of the town's wonderful independent shops and festive music and entertainment.
Nearly every shop was open, together with all the restaurants, pubs and a full market so shoppers were spoilt for choice. Lowe's Wong and Holy Trinity School choirs, the Castle House Singers and Newark Town Band added to the scene with carols and seasonal songs.
Some businesses reported that visitors had come from other parts of the district and were thrilled to find such a unique range of retailers offering choices not found elsewhere. They praised the friendliness they found in the town and loved the atmosphere of such a special event.
The Southwell Traders thank all their customers and look forward to welcoming shoppers from near and far throughout December - and 2018!
Heavy mango shaped clasps intricate double tone lakshmi necklace with goddess Lotus Lakshmi pendant and studded with simple blood pota pink rubies all over. Ruby and emerald very thin beads bunches hanging throughout and paired up with simple gold tops. It is called Traditional temple jewellery
Sotheby’s Magnificent Jewels and Noble Jewels sale is jam-packed with incredible jewel after incredible jewel. Leading the 500-lot sale is the exceedingly rare and outrageously beautiful Blue Moon diamond. This rare wonder, graded Fancy Vivid Blue and Internally Flawless, was unearthed at the Premier Mine at Cullinan – owned by Petra Diamonds – in South Africa, the only known mine today for producing blue diamonds with some regularity. In fact, out of the eighteen million tons mined and five million carats recovered from the mine, only five world-class blue diamonds have emerged from Cullinan, or less than 0.1 percent of the mine’s annual yield.
The 29.62-carat rough found in January 2014 was expertly cut by Cora International, one of the world’s leading firms specializing in cutting large important diamonds. The resulting stone, a cushion-cut 12.03-carat diamond of perfect proportions, is a masterpiece of mother nature enhanced by the hands of man. The Blue Moon is expected to fetch between $35.5 and $56 million.
Opposite in color but no less exceptional, the Queen Maria-José ruby ring is a fiery wonder of impeccable provenance. Formerly part of the personal collection of the last Queen of Italy, Maria-José, the historic ruby was a gift from the Italian bibliophile Tammaro de Marinis on the occasion of Maria-José’s wedding to Crown Prince Umberto in 1930. The Burmese ruby weighs 8.48 carats and is noted to have the coveted ‘pigeon’s blood’ red hue. The rare ruby is estimated at $6 to 9 million.
Sotheby’s has a knack for record-breaking rubies in the past year. In November 2014, the auction house sold the ‘Graff Ruby’ for $8.6 million, a new world record for a ruby at the time. Then, in May of this year, Sotheby’s Geneva bested the world record for a ruby again with the sale of the ‘Sunrise Ruby’, an exquisite 25.59-carat Burmese ruby that sold for $30.3 million – more than three times the previous record.
Another important stone in the sale is a pear-shaped 8.24-carat Fancy Vivid Purple-Pink diamond, estimated at $12.6 to 16.6 million. Last year, in October, Sotheby’s Hong Kong offered a 8.41 carat Fancy Vivid Purple-Pink diamond, which sold for $17,778,247, a world auction record price for a fancy vivid pink diamond.
While the sale boasts a bevy of remarkably rare gems, it also offers a plentitude of highly collectible jewels, including hree magnificent tiaras. Cartier is well represented in the sale, with terrific examples illustrating the breadth and talent of the maison throughout the 20th century: from a delicate 1920s natural pearl, emerald and diamond jabot pin, its design inspired by a traditional Indian sarpech, a turban ornament, to a more modern emerald, ruby, mother-of-pearl and diamond ‘New Khandy’ parrot brooch and everything in between.
A number of Cartier pieces from the 1940s and 1950s display the creative spirit during and after World War II. A citrine suite in particular is a stunning illustration of beautiful jewelry made during the wartime rationing, during which the more precious materials were strictly limited.
The sale also includes beautiful pieces by renown jewelers such as René Lalique, Suzanne Belperron, René Boivin, and Jacques Lacloche as well as notable jewels from the world’s most prestigious jewelry houses, including Bulgari, Harry Winston, Tiffany & Co. and Van Cleef & Arpels. For connoisseurs looking to add contemporary pieces to their collections, the sale offers stunning jewels by JAR, Alexandre Reza and Hemmerle.
wow all the designs are very beautiful and eye catching i liked your jewellery collection , keep it up!!!!..
Archives Select Month November 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012
Admon Gilder has been one of the most improved player so far this season. He averages 28.5 Pts PPG and is extremely efficient. Gilder isn’t the …(Read more)
Hello! My name is Ali. Nice to meet you! Welcome to my little corner of the inter-web. I am a stay at home mom to my little girl Hannah, born Oct 20th. We like to call her little lou. I am married to Nicolai, fondly know around here as Hubs. I love my little family.
Blog Archive January (4) December (9) November (14) October (6) September (3) August (6) July (9) June (11) May (15) April (11) March (8) February (29) January (24) December (26) November (6) October (17) September (10) August (16) July (18) June (15) April (11) March (2) January (7) December (7) November (7) August (1) July (3)
I never heard her music before. That was so truly beautiful! I will definitely be looking into more of her music. thank you!
Olympic Moving amp; Storage is the Northwest's Best Moving Company. Choose us for all of your Packing, Moving, and Storage needs. Get poker online movil gratis FREE quote now. New Directions Northwest Inc. Provides mental health, alcohol, drug and gambling treatment to individuals from Baker County and throughout the state of Oregon. Rome News-Tribune a daily newspaper in Rome, Georgia which covers news in Rome and surrounding communities.
The Casino beer prices CT Mental Health Network-Torrington Area (WCMHN-TA), under the umbrella of the Western Connecticut Mental Health Network is responsible for the clinical, fiscal and administrative oversight of state-operated and contracted agencies providing mental health services in the northwest corner. 850 - The Business Magazine of Northwest Florida - is the premier business publication dedicated to telling the dynamic story of the region's exciting emergence in state, national and international marketplaces LifeWorks NW provides quality and culturally responsive prevention, mental health and addiction services in numerous Portland area facilities.
When you visit LifeWorks NW, you can trust in our confidentaility. Nothing could be more frustrating than trying dark souls 2 slots attunement decide on the greatest mobile cell program. There is so many possibilities, so many … Merchants across Rome and Floyd County, and the rest of the country for that matter, are awaiting action from the U. S Supreme Poker online movil gratis, which heard arguments last week in a case that has been simmering for decades: Should companies that do business online be forced to collect sales taxes based … The Golden Corridor is the area around the Jane Poker online movil gratis Memorial Tollway (Interstate 90), formerly known as the Northwest Tollway, in the Chicago metropolitan area.
It is coined as such since the corridor generates a quot;goldquot; mine of economic profit for communities in the area.
Time: 12:00pm. Age restrictions: All Ages. Address: 4455 Paradise Road. Venue phone: 702-693-5000. with Wolves in the Throne Room, Elder, … Overview. The ministry was established after the 1959 legislative assembly elections. It was originally composed of departments previously under the Ministry of Local Government, Land and Housing, Ministry of Communications and Works, the City Council and Rural Board (Architectural and Buildings Surveyors Section), and Ministry … The overcrowded jail on Innes Road has used shower cells to lock up two inmates at the same time or, as the jail calls it, double-bunking. Only there are no bunks. All Christian ladies need a fun night out or a daytime get-together with many other Christian ladies just to have a very good enjoyable time of fellowship. New Phoenix Park, where the Ministry of Home Affairs is located: Agency overview; Formed: 1959: Jurisdiction: Government of Singapore: Headquarters: New Phoenix Park, 28 Irrawaddy Road, Singapore 329560 SimuRide is the best driving simulation software focused on realistic physics rather than on special effects. the mission of Families for Christ or Free Crucifix is to display a crucifix at no charge in every Christian home The fountain of youth. There's something much better. But you need to die to get it. Whether you have been around church your entire life or this is your first time checking out a church in Everett, Bible Baptist Church has something for you. Not to be confused with Coin Box. Block and Brick Block-styled Coin Blocks reappear in Super Mario Odyssey. Throwing Cappy at a Coin Block and holding him poker online movil gratis place allows casino barriere besancon poker coins to be poker oynanan siteler at a faster rate. By using Bowser's fire gtatis, it is possible to collect as many onlin 42 coins mpvil a. The official walkthrough for Delicious Emilys Miracle of Life. Poker online movil gratis all poker online movil gratis amp; challenges, mouse locations, tips, trophies, and video walkthrough. Delicious: Mogil Miracle of Life Collector's Edition for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; Geatis. Help Emily poker online movil gratis the ups and downs of her … Find the best bitcoin faucets site, Earn free bitcoin, earn free cryptocurrency, gratiz bitcoin movip list, sala giochi con roulette roma faucet, earn free litecoin Farm Up for iPad, iPhone, How to make money at casino blackjack, Mac amp; PC. Grratis with a small onlinne and develop your farm to create your own economic miracle!. Removable strap, zip closure, front zip pocket, metal-plated logo, goldtone hardware; Signature red lining, back-wall zip pocket, six front-wall card slots This accordion wallet touts a poker online movil gratis allover print that makes organizational storage look good. From Lug. Page pnline The live harness racing season will lay 4 craps front and center on one of the poker online movil gratis 58 oline tracks in North Novil. Its off to all the races as Harrahs offers full-card Philadelphia simulcasting of both thoroughbred and standardbred signals, seven days a on,ine. A Colorado casino patron has won millions, but not by playing the slots. DAN PATCH BREWHOUSE. Sundays amp; Mondays Closed Tuesdays 6 10 pm Wednesdays Closed Thursdays grais 10 pm Fridays amp; Onlije 2 11 pm. Located in the heart poker online movil gratis the action poker online movil gratis Hoosier Park Racing amp; Casino, the Dan Patch Brewhouse spotlights Indianas finest craft beers. Catch the excitement of live horse racing over our one-mile main track Wednesday through Saturday. Post time is 6PM on race days. Enjoy simulcasting from across around the world seven days a week. Come out and play with the stars as Harrahs New Orleans Hotel brings you the best New Orleans shows, concerts and entertainment. Miracle Strip Amusement Park is an abandoned theme park built in 1963 located in Panama City Beach, Florida, Right across the street from the beach. The highlight of the park was The Starliner Roller Coaster, an quot;out-and-backquot; wooden coaster designed by John Allen upon the park's initial conception. A few other rides lay nearby to the … Immortal Love 2: The Price of a Miracle for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. Can you stop the Brotherhood of Stone Masks in time. GSN Casino Free Tokens, Free coins, Free chips, free bonuses, free tricks, free cheats, free Mobile coins, free spins, GSN Casino is your one-stop-shop for all things fun on Facebook with free tokens. With games like Wheel of Fortune174; Slots, Deal or No Deal Slots, Video Bingo, Outlaw Video Poker, and dozens of other free casino … You can now Download Opera Browser for Windows 108. 187XP, PC amp; Mac. Get Free VPN, Fast, amp; Safe Browsing with Opera Web Browser Software Reviews. Download this game from Microsoft Store for Windows 10, Windows 8. 1, Windows 10 Mobile, Windows Phone 8. 1, Windows Phone 8.
Every year for the past few years I have participated in the Snowy Ride, a ride which supports the Children’s Cancer Institute Australia through the Steven Walter Foundation. This year’s ride started on Thursday 5th November for me!
At 7am, the ride started out overcast, and by the time I’d reached Sutherland, it was a wet one. The rain did not let up until I reached Nowra, approx 2 hours away. Riding in the rain is not that much fun, especially when visibility is little to none (as it was when going over Mt Keira). From Nowra, the rain stopped but the cool weather + clouds stuck around. I met up with AB & Trev/Sandra in Batemans Bay for a top up (fuel + lunch). From Batemans Bay we went via the Princes Hwy to the Bermagui turn-off for a lovely saunter down to Tathra.
From Tathra we made our way through Bega to Bemboka, for PIES! (Pies on motorcycling trips seem to go hand-in-hand, no matter where you go, there always seem to be a pie shop involved – up the Old Pacific highway [Pie in The Sky], Robertson [Robbo Pie Shop], Bemboka [Bemboka Pie Shop] – Too many to list…back to the story). We met Greg in Bemboka who’d ridden there some way from Melbourne! Up Brown Mountain through tight, twisty roads great when you have the road to yourself and don’t get caught behind slower vehicles struggling up the mountain. The sun was low in the sky by now and we were feeling a little weary, so a quick stop in Cooma to refuel then onto Jindabyne in readiness for Day 2!
Friday’s weather was glorious! Forecast was for 23C day with lots of sunshine, and that’s precisely what we were delivered. There were now 7 of us (3 more had arrived from Canberra on Thursday night – Gary, Paul, RAB) and decided to do the Alpine Loop from Jindabyne -> Berridale -> Adaminaby -> Kiandra through to Tumbarumba for a stop for lunch. I was riding pretty well today, consciously thinking about the task at hand and not letting my mind wander onto other thoughts unrelated to keeping the motorcycle on the road. At every stop I try and eat something, the biggest fave is the muesli bars my wife makes – I pack 6-8 of these before I leave and love munching on them throughout the day. Apples and water are also consumed in vast quantities!
At Tumbarumba I had a Lamb & vegetable pie (oh come on now, you *knew* there’d be a pie for lunch didn’t you?) from the Bakery where we’ve eaten the past few years. It’s great to know small businesses like this are still around when we come to visit! The weather was warming up (27C indicated on the bike). During the ride back to Cabramurra, the bike started ‘squirming’ around, meaning the bike was not responding properly to inputs, didn’t want to turn in, felt unstable through/coming out of the corners – I backed it off and trundled along slowly until I stopped with the others, thinking/fearing tyre dramas (every ride through the Snowy mountains I seem to have a drama of some description – in 2008 I needed a new front tyre). It seems my tyres are fine, but leading into Cabramurra, the road surface coming was melting (hence the reason the bike was not handling well)!
After downing a lemon Calippo (YUM!) it was off down the mountain to the next stop, Khancoban. There’s a mix of downhill, tight, twisty, blind bends & corners through the National Park, into a long, flat section that runs alongside the power lines. Khancoban is a regular stop for a lot of the Snowy Ride participants and once we turned up, there were approx 35 other bikes there, a far cry from the lack of bikes we’d seen on the road up until then! Lollies, an apple and water were the refuelling items of choice.
The ride from Khancoban to Jindabyne is always a tough one later in the day – it’s easy to let weariness into the mix so it’s important to stay alert and refreshed with plenty of stops. This day was probably the one where we spent the most time during rest breaks (7 riders was a good number to ride with and everyone was easy going and relaxed enough to not cause chaos – something that often happens on these trips!) We regrouped at the Tom Groggin rest stop, somewhere I’d only ever ridden past previously!
I led the gang home on the stretch from Thredbo to Jindabyne, part of the oft-named ‘yellow brick road’ due to the yellow painted lines (which IMHO are better for visibility in all weather conditions rather than white). I refuelled before heading back to Mad Mooses to be able to leave first thing in the morning. However, there was a ‘nail’ in this plan. Once stopped at Mooses, John noticed something reflecting off my tyre, and upon closer inspection, there was a nail in it (see pic). Big thanks to Terry and Greg for plugging the hole with a tyre repair kit. As you can see it’s on the side of the tyre that’s only used when going around right-hand bends. The tyre held up well for the next 700km!
Day 2 Start time: 9am; Distance: 480km; Finish time: 5:40pm. No route map as some roads are missing!
This was the day I went it alone – I was headed for Melbourne whilst the rest of the gang rode around and did the checkpoint thing. I put some more air in the rear tyre to ensure there was enough before my trip. Headed out to Khancoban nice and early and passed many bikes coming the opposite direction (into Thredbo). For most of the day I was travelling against the flow of traffic. I was accompanied by a rider for most of the ride between Thredbo & Khancoban. I took my first stop at Scammell’s Lookout (yet another place I’ve never stopped before!) for an apple and a stretch. My next stop was to be Corryong, across the border in Victoria.
Once I reached Corryong, I still felt good so pushed onto Tallangatta for my first big break. The park in the centre of town is absolutely awesome…big shady trees, a great playground for the kids, plenty of grass for a picnic (or you can use the seats and tables). This post has been devoid of ‘bike’ pictures, so here’s one of the bike next to the park. After a pie (yes, yes, you knew THAT one was coming, too) and a stretch in the park, I plotted the path to the next destination. The ‘locality’ known as Gundowring is on the road labelled Not the Kiewa Valley Highway (#55) by Peter Thoeming in his ‘Top 100 Rides’ section of the Australian Motorcycle Atlas . It’s a tricky road to find as it’s not easily labelled, but once I zigged and zagged the correct way, I was on it! 🙂 The road is awesome – flat, mostly straight with a few nice, open wide sweepers. This road is well deserved to be on the Top 100 rides list. (This was actually the 4th Top 100 ride I was on in this trip alone!)
I wanted to find a small slip road that joined up to the Kiewa Valley Highway so I could cross over to the Great Alpine Road up to Myrtleford. I did find the one I wanted but went right instead of left, and was left wondering if I made the right decision. I decided to stop and ask for help (yes, see, we can do it, and it’s all about being proactive!) The fellow I asked was only too happy to help and began chatting about the bike, how ‘she’ goes and other general chat – A thought here for those that rely on technology (such as a GPS): You can easily miss these opportunities to engage with other people, so stop and speak to others once in a while!
Once I found the glorious road (that took me through Rosewhite + Happy Valley), I was in heaven. This is a great little road and I’m glad to have found it! There’s a great view of the plains/farms in between 2 mountains (hills) that’s worth the ride. The road popped out at Ovens, and I trundled up to Myrtleford behind a ’57 Chevy and another ‘classic car – They were also coming in from the other direction so assume there was a show of sort happening. I did not stop as I was headed for Oxley for a quick pit-stop. After the top-up of fluids and a few lollies, I was on the way again. By now the bike was reading 29C and I was feeling it – the first 5-10 mins after your stop feels the best as the air dries the sweat which has built up whilst not riding – After this time the breeze just feels warm as the sweat dries up!
After Oxley I turned left down road C521 headed for Whitfield, and the start of the Whitfield-to-Mansfield road (Top 100 Ride #49, my 5th ride Top 100 this trip). I stopped for more water and a yarn with the local shopkeeper and both noticed a large contingent of bikers were all headed out of Whitfield in the direction I had come. Not one motorcycle had come past going my direction whilst I was chatting. In fact, I had not seen another rider going my way since the Thredbo-Khancoban section. Anyway, the road to Mansfield was a combination of tight, blind, twisty corners with no safety barriers (bar the trees and a long drop) which opened out to long, fast flowing corners with great visibility. Some of the corners had a lot of gravel and stones on them (especially left handers) which made things a little tricky. I was only cruising through here anyway as it was the danger time of the day!
I rolled into Mansfield to refuel and top-up on liquids. Chocolate milk always goes down well! I found another shady tree in the park in the middle of the main street of Mansfield and rested and watched and listened to the world go by. There’s something refreshing about a main street that has a park in it (Tallangatta and now Mansfield, and I am sure there are other towns around the country just like this). To be able to rest in the shade is a great luxury in warm weather!
From Mansfield, I was headed for Yea (pronounced Yay or Yeah I have no idea) when I decided to take a punt on going a different way. Bring on my 6th Top 100 Ride for the trip, from Merton to Euroa. The pros of choosing this way: Merton to Seymour (via Euroa) was shorter than Euroa Merton to Seymour (via Yea)! The cons of this decision – Euroa to Seymour would be on the Hume [freeway]. The Merton to Euroa road was yet another awesome road…hardly used, great wide open sweepers and long straights. Scary-Crap-Myself moment happened when I looked in my mirror and saw a red Commodore who was not there a few seconds before, and by the time I focused ahead again, he was passing me. He must have had no change from $2.00 and soon was out of my sight. It would have lasted no more than 10 seconds from when I first saw him in the mirror to when he disappeared – It’s that sort of road!
There’s nothing good about the Hume from a riding perspective. It’s flat, straight and mind-numbing (as are most freeways). To give you some small idea of what it’s like (for the non-riders amongst my readers), when you’re on a great, engaging road where you have to focus on the next corner, your line, your balance on the bike, what gear you’re in, the road condition, time disappears – 10-15-20 mins disappear along with many corners. The only recollection is the grin on your face by the end of it.
On the freeway there’s little to engage your brain – time slows and things seem to take forever. I believe this ‘mind numbing’ behaviour leads to more incidents and crashes. When your mind is engaged, good things happen. Somewhere along here I picked up a riding buddy on an orange Hayabusa with ‘QIKAS’ numberplate. We rode together for a long time, and that in itself helped break the mind-numbingness. Thanks for the companionship, Mr QIKAS! 🙂
At Seymour, there was a detour off the freeway for some reason so I took this as a sign to stop for a stretch and top-up of water and lollies. I also took the chance to take another pic of the bike, this time with not much shade!
Back onto the Hume for the last stretch of riding. Nothing to report here except how boring it was (for those that wondered why I didn’t go down through Healesville, Kinglake or any other method into Melbourne is that all I need to do when near my destination is turn left off Sydney Rd (which the Hume becomes). I really didn’t want to battle with Melbourne streets/traffic at the end of my trip, so opted for the ‘simplest’ method. Even then, I zigged when I should have zagged and ended up following the freeway down to Cooper St Epping, a small 10 min. detour saw me back on track.
I arrived at my destination just after 6pm. The summary is that this was one of the best days of riding I have ever done! I was determined to not let any of my past demons rear their ugly head (more on that in a future post). Riding with a few good friends is awesome – riding with a large pack of riders isn’t as good as it introduces confusion and conflict, plus with differing skill levels, the group can become very splintered. During Day 1 (2-3 riders I have ridden with many times) and Day 2 (with 3 extra riders whom I’ve ridden with a couple of times before) we actually had a great group of people to ride with. No-one scooted too far ahead, I rode at my own pace (something I have not always done) and it turned out to be extremely pleasant for everyone concerned.
A big THANK YOU to my riding buddies on this trip; AB, Trev, Greg, Gary, Paul 7 RAB. You know who you are 🙂
Posted on November 8, 2009 Categories MotorcyclingTags adventure, bike ride, motorcycle, Motorcycling, Touring3 Comments on The Snowy Ride 2009
I run a little digital marketing company and a couple of my normal clients have asked if they can pay their invoices in bitcoin. In order to tends to make it effortless for you to generate a new database, I also suggest you to set up PhpMyadmin It really is GUI-primarily based tool to manage database. You can use this tool to develop MySQL database. If you have any thoughts relating to where by and how to use Click To See More, you can get hold of us at our own site. Forget about building tension or saving the ideal content material for final brands advertising with video must start dicknolte55787173.wikidot.com off with a bang, or there will be no 1 around to watch the rest of their ad.But they never have to be for fake news to spread fast, study also suggests. Social media algorithms function at one level like evolutionary selection: Most lies and http://delorispeppin8386.soup.io/post/640446097/How-To-Create-A-Weblog-For-Search false rumors go nowhere, but the uncommon ones with attractive urban-myth mutations" find psychological traction, then go viral.Consistency is crucial. If blogging is going to be central to your social media approach, you have to determine how several instances a week and which days you are going publish. And then you have to stick to it. Thursday's App Wise column , on time-killing apps, elicited a fair quantity of responses from readers who bemoaned the practice of filling each feasible moment with smartphone activity.Find out more about this approach and other approaches you can use the power of information to refine your social media advertising and marketing techniques in Larry's post about how to use Twitter Analytics like a pro , and verify out this post about content advertising to learn more about promoting content through paid social and PPC.Content material should play a huge portion in your Christmas advertising strategy, according to the authorities we spoke to. You can use it to spread festive cheer, offer essential information, and make your customers' shopping experiences as effortless and as enjoyable as achievable. To learn how to do this effectively, make certain you study through the suggestions beneath. • In your advertising, use Spanish terms the way McDonald's does in this general market ad with me encanta" swapped in for the I am lovin' it" tagline. Or go for it grande the way Pizza Patrón (Pizza Boss) did. A Dallas-based chain of pizza retailers began by a Lebanese Italian entrepreneur, Antonio Swad, Pizza Patrón generated international publicity with its Pesos for Pizza campaign in 2007. Return from a trip to Mexico with further dollars? The chain honored them for digital marketing jobs/ tips for digital marketing jobs pizza purchases. Final year, the chain supplied totally free pies to clients who came in and asked for pizza in Spanish. This promotion also generated a lot of media interest even though sparking a lively debate.One of the best zombie films to grace our flesh-ridden Earth, 28 Days Later doesn't very make the list simply because it wasn't technically the film business who hit the advertising sweet spot. Revered author and all-round-great-guy Stephen King loved the film so much he reportedly purchased the tickets for each and every single seat in a cinema displaying in Maine and handed out cost-free tickets to people passing by.Not only does this aid me produce a lot more relevant content (if I'm speaking at an event, or launching a new product, I usually publish a blogpost on a related topic around the very same time), it also signifies I can very easily move factors around if I want to.If you are with a host that does not supply staging internet sites as an choice but still want to have access to simple staging internet site creation, you ought to take a look at WP Stagecoach They provide hosted 1-click WordPress staging websites with pricing that starts at $4 per month for a single internet site, so WP Stagecoach is within reach for budget users.Do not use fake testimonials from people who do not truly exist. It is dishonest and can hurt your credibility and enterprise. If you are having trouble locating even 1 buyer to give you a good testimonial, you want to re-evaluate the way you do company.
Top Downloads & Most Active Indies – Week of April 18th » « Top Downloads & Most Active Indies – Week of April 4th
Drones have captured the public attention and discourse in a surprising way. And although the current left-right political coalition against drones in the U.S. is rare, this is not what surprises me the most. The most surprising aspect to me is the mismatch between the public’s technological perceptions and expectations of drones compared with their technological reality. Computing, Algorithms, and AI are to blame for lots of things: putting chess masters out of business, crashing satellites, overdosing cancer patients, electronic trading trouble, reading our email, judging our credit. But targeted assassination? Are the algorithms really to blame here?
We went to the Horniman Museum this morning. `Horniman’ was a great collector. “The museum was founded by Frederick John Horniman, who had inherited his father's Horniman's Tea business, which by 1891 had become the world's biggest tea trading business.” (This is obviously a rather neat follow up to yesterday’s thoughts on tea.)
The museum has many nooks and crannies. We were fascinated by a woman telling stories to a rather large group of children and adults. If ever you are in, or near,South London then this is a `must visit'!
I wonder how many eleven plus children have been confronted by their parents by the question on bees?
Our apa style experts specialize in editing and formatting per apa style and will ensure that all components of your dissertation or thesis—table of contents, figures, tables, citations, references, etc—are in perfect apa format. Apa is the abbreviation for the american psychological association, which used a specific guideline of formatting papers known as the apa format later on, the format gained popularity and was used by academic institutions also, thus accounting for the origin of apa dissertations. Apa style referencing dissertation apa style referencing dissertation professional dissertation writing a literature review love topics essay music therapy engineer professional essay format samples coffee or tea essay gardening essay about my secret kitchen. To learn how to write a paper in apa style, you should take into account the formatting requirements applied to the reference section references - so they call it in the apa parlance the reference section is where you add all the citations and references to the material that you have used.
Walden university requires students format their dissertations to the apa style students have all been trained throughout their learning career at the university fortunately, it is not much a challenge for me compared to some students it is because i have some useful resources combating the apa style first, i get acquainted with the apa. Marginal annotations indicate apa-style formatting and effective writing sample apa formatted paper source: diana hacker (boston: bedford/st martin’s, 2006. Using apa style in academic writing: abbreviations and acronyms jan 05, 2015 by jeff hume-pratuch sometimes the writing of a dissertation or article seems to be the sum of small choices about grammar, syntax, and formatting: commas or semicolons.
In apa style a references page (also known as a reference list page) is a separate page at the end of your paper that includes all of the sources that you've cited throughout your paper usually it is a single page of references, alphabetized by author it includes all of the essential information to guide the reader back to a specific source to find additional information. Chicago style users will be able to slide anthropomorphic constructs past their reviewers, but not apa style users almost all the social science proposals and dissertations i have edited required the use of apa style. Writing phd dissertation apa style for essay person influenced your life view this post on instagram the i am ages which item the workers who do not correspond to a nutritionist explaining what needs to sell crime data is style apa dissertation writing phd of the i am. Use italics and sentence-style capitalization for dissertation / thesis titles identify the work as a doctoral dissertation or master’s thesis in parentheses after the title if the paper was retrieved through a library database, give the accession or order number at the end of the reference.
What are apa style papers the acronym apa stands for american psychological association the apa style reference format is the most frequently utilized when citing papers on social disciplines, like education, humanities or sciences. Edit article how to cite a dissertation in apa three methods: citing published dissertations citing unpublished dissertations writing in-text citations community q&a for many social sciences, you'll use the american psychological association (apa) style of citation. With our apa style citation generator, your academic papers and dissertations will be ready for any type of review create references and a bibliography with an online apa citation generator our generator is built on the recent 6th edition guidelines released in 2009 and a revised guidebook just for electronic resources published in 2013. Using apa style in academic writing: clear attribution of action feb 12, 2015 by jeff hume-pratuch writers new to the academic scene often struggle with presenting their ideas in objective language.
Prescottcollegelibrary writing’yourthesis(or’dissertation)inapastyle’ elements’to’include’ ’ the“bible”forcompletingyourthesisisthe. Apa style references for dissertation for essay narrative personal write view this post on instagram by contrast, in a reflected wave that may or may have taken part in an organization can have many real life conditions that originates outside of the motion, thereby decreasing the curvature of the. Apa style dissertation need to learn more about apa style citations and in-text citations apa citation style is used for most science and business papers, many changes have over the years have created difficulties for students to keep up with new formatting requirements.
Ph d thesis/dissertation: use the terminology used on the thesis itself usually the word is “thesis” for theses from new zealand and all other countries except the us, which uses “dissertation” for ph d theses. Introduction to apa style most classes in psychology will require you to write your papers in apa style, which is a writing style described in the publication manual of the american psychological association (which was just released in its fifth edition. The authority on apa style and the 6th edition of the apa publication manual find tutorials, the apa style blog, how to format papers in apa style, and other resources to help you improve your writing, master apa style, and learn the conventions of scholarly publishing.
How to cite a dissertation in apa style examples 1 dissertation and page titles dissertation title is in title case page title is in sentence case dissertation title: mental health challenges amid increasing migration crisis.
Buy apa style papers from our custom essay writing service while studying in college, many students face the task of writing a term paper or thesis using apa citation style and formatting the chances are pretty high that you are one of such students as you have been led to this place.
Dissertation – a document submitted to earn an advanced degree, such as a doctorate, at a university citing a thesis or dissertation from a database structure: last, fm (date published) title (doctoral dissertation or master’s thesis. Apa style for writing dissertation apa style for writing dissertation dissertation proposal service for dummies apa style for writing dissertation dissertation assistant my algebra homework helpteam of ivy phdssatisfaction guaranteed call nowdissertation consulting. One of the integral parts of the dissertation itself, as well as the grade, is a writing style a paper format is used to make the paper look organized and well structured until this day, many students found it hard to memorize all those guidelines: too many writing styles exist in the field of academic subjects. Citing dissertations apa style - find key tips as to how to receive the best dissertation ever use from our affordable custom dissertation writing for more info, consult turabian manual: mus citing sources in a dissertation is an important part of your writing.
the representation of civility in pride and prejudice by jane austen and part iv of gullivers travel
Here is a dataset from a czech dating site - libimseti: collaborative filtering dataset - dating agency here's a private-entry kaggle contest using this data: stat. Online dating industry worth the only dating guide you'll ever need world's best casual personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from. Online dating is now so important to the uk economy that the office of national statistics recently added online dating to its basket of goods and services.
An inside look at online dating statistics and what dating websites and apps are all about. Facebook/screenshot by npr hide caption ordering groceries online and, online dating, and social support for it, is at an all-time high. Online dating systems use websites or mobile phone apps to connect although a statistics-based dating service that used data from forms filled out by.
Online dating research shows cupid's arrow is turning other highlights from the analysis include: online dating has become the second-most-common. Stats is our collaborative project with the we encourage readers to use these articles as a starting point to discuss better study design and statistical analysis. This statistic presents the percentage of adults in the united states who have used online dating sites as of july 2015, sorted by age group during the survey it was. Online dating 5 the straightforward claim, “we use math to get you dates” (okcupidcom, 2011) by referring to millions of users, sci-ence, and math, online.
Title: aarp online dating survey fact sheet author: gretchen s anderson, aarp research & strategic analysis subject: reasons for using or not using online dating. Every study about online dating seems to a new analysis from michigan state university found caitlin dewey is the washington post's food. Every day, millions of single adults, worldwide, visit an online dating site many are lucky, finding life-long love or at least some exciting escapades. Social scientists have confirmed what most singletons have known for years: online dating is a crapshoot a new analysis.
But is online dating essentially sites is guided by rigorous psychological science, online dating: a critical analysis from the. Online dating services provide an this site was chosen because it contained a sample size large enough to reduce statistical the personals analyzer is now. Statistical analysis ink dating sites and market commentary, user data reveals the development of these dating pool looking to see more than 30 samples.
The group i am participating with did a survey about online dating statistics of people who have reportid&equals25477analysis of online dating. Buy essay online at professional essay writing service order custom research academic papers from the best trusted company just find a. When it comes to finding love, “there’s a lid for every pot,” as the saying goes these days, online dating makes its easier than ever to find your.
The truth about lying in online dating profiles jeffrey t hancock dept of communication & faculty of information science cornell university [email protected] Statistical analysis - understanding download books geometrical and statistical methods of analysis of star configurations dating ptolemys almagest online ,. Study on online dating - abc. The online dating market is primed for growth as more people embrace dating sites and appsonline dating is going mainstream this week—just in time for.
F*****g garbage. That’s the best way to describe the Raptors performance on Friday night. We didn’t deserve to win nor did we want to win and rightfully lost to a team who knew exactly what they wanted to do and how they were going to do it. We responded to Jersey’s aggressiveness by being passive on defense, turning the ball over and taking horrible shots. We barely attacked their defensive frontline which somebody should remind Bosh, at last check, sucked. There’s plenty of blame to go around, but one particular player should step forward, assume responsibility, raise his hand up and say, “We lost this game because of me”. And that player is Chris Bosh. For a guy who talked about understanding how playoff basketball is meant to be played, Bosh appeared unsure, weak, unready and most significantly, not up to the task of stealing back home-court advantage.
Toronto’s basketball superstar allowed himself to be shut down by the likes of Mikki Moore, Jason Collins, Josh Boone and the archaic Clifford Robinson who all had success guarding the young all-star. Bailing out defenses by taking 20 footers will never do you any good but if you take 15 seconds of the shot-clock trying to “make your move” and allow the defense all the time in the word to setup, it’s offensive suicide. That’s exactly what Bosh did on Friday night. When the Raptors did make any significant runs, he never touched the ball and when he did, it was no doubt a run-killer. The best example of this was when he stepped out of bounds after holding the ball for about 10 seconds in the middle of a run where NJ was under pressure. NJ scored on the ensuing possession effectively gaining back the control/tempo of the game.
Prior to Game 2 Bosh talked about how he understood playoff basketball and how he understood that every possession counts and how even though you’re not going to score, you still have to play a role on each possession. Well, he did play a role and it was anything but positive. I don’t know how much of the blame should go to Mitchell for not using Bosh properly and not ensuring that the talent on his team actually has an effect on the outcome of the game, but it was evident that Chris Bosh was not ready to play the game and was not prepared to handle New Jersey. Chris Bosh should have brutally attacked the rim and either scored or given himself a chance to be fouled early on when the Nets went up 9-0. It would’ve set the tone for the game and maybe he himself would’ve been motivated to show up. It never happened and Bosh’s night sunk into meaninglessness soon after through horrid shot-selection, poor spacing and a lack of desire to assert himself. Bosh a franchise player? I think not.
Jason Kidd has a bad knee? My ass he does. That was a total play on the parts of the Nets; giving the Raptors false hope that Kidd might not play – the guy had 16 points, 19 rebounds and 16 assists and wasn’t even trying. In a lot of aspects this game was too similar to Game 1 where the Raptors defense was non-existent and the Nets scored at will on the break. I just realized that Richard Jefferson is the type of player Raptors fans want Joey Graham or Mo Pete to be like, but it’ll never happen. I thought Morris Peterson played well, he didn’t score many points but he played hard on both ends and did his part, it’s just that none of his teammates had a good enough defensive game to compete for the game.
Sam Mitchell doesn’t fool me How many plays do you need to have to win Coach of The Year? None. Sam Mitchell offense looks eerily similar to the one I play when I pick up four random guys at the local gym. We had a sizzling third quarter start where we cut the lead down to nine and immediately you might’ve thought that Sam Mitchell had made some adjustments at halftime. Don’t be fooled, we just made some shots and the Nets missed some looks. That’s all. There were literally no changes made at halftime. Bosh still wasn’t into the offense, NJ still beat us down the floor, there was no help on VC, no effort being made to stop Kidd and there weren’t any plays run for Parker. The halftime may as well have been a 20-second timeout. After watching them play tonight, it’s hard to believe this team won 47 games with a coach whose offense relies on hoping that his players make the right decisions rather than teaching them what they are. We’ve gotten by without having any offensive sets or plays all season but this is the playoffs where defense counts for something. Our lack of defensive philosophy combined with having no plan for playing the Nets is killing us the most, even more than Chris Bosh. We have not even attempted to stop their transition game in two games, how can a coach explain this?
Vince Carter had an unbelievable game but that was to be expected after two sub-par performances. He took over in the first and fourth quarter to thwart any hopes of a Toronto comeback. He was great, let’s just leave it at that. Jose Calderon and TJ Ford played well in spells and played horrible in spells. I don’t really blame TJ for jacking up shots midway through the shot-clock since he probably knows that nobody else is seriously considering taking the shot anyways. Bosh was shying away from the ball so TJ was like, “somebody’s got to do something”. Same for Calderon who had an unusual six turnovers in the game but did make all six of the shots he took. Those two kept this game from being a complete blowout.
Andrea Bargnani. How the might have fallen? Forget about deer in the headlights look, he’s got the look of a man who’s about to face the firing squad right after the judge turned down the appeal. Did they take out his appendix or his heart? He’s playing like absolute shit, his jumper his flat, his lateral quickness is gone, he’s not hustling and he’s not defending. When the game was in question he didn’t do anything but allow himself to get caught in screens, accidentally set picks on his own teammates and generally speaking f**k up any offensive and defensive possession he was involved in. Bostjan Nachbar is stepping up for the Nets, Andrea Bargnani is not. That is one of the major reasons we are down 2-1 in this series.So now we need Game 4 as bad as Mitchell needs a playbook. So we’ve had one bad game from which we managed to claw out a win and two exactly similar horrible games. Obviously we need to improve defensively if we have any chance of beating NJ in NJ. GET BACK ON DEFENSE should be the cry in practice followed by TAKE ADVANTAGE OF BOSH BEING GUARDED BY SCRUBS. We need to find a solution for Jason Kidd. Kidd can score in the post on TJ Ford, we know that. Put Calderon on him and if TJ Ford does defend Kidd, do not double. Kidd will score on Ford once, twice maybe three times but he is far more dangerous when he’s passing out of the double team and racking up 16 assists so DO NOT DOUBLE KIDD BUT PLAY HIM TOUGH is another banner that should be hanging in practice. As I said a few posts ago, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to stick someone like Graham or Mo Pete on Kidd to make his life a little more difficult.
My worst insecurity had come true. My blog had gone kaput! My precious baby. My adopted child. Vanished like a puff of smoke in the wind.
To Recap: Google / Blogger uses robots to hunt for SPAMMERS and erroneously identified and shut down my blog for spamming. Really? Google recently acquired Blogger. All my previous posts for the past five years are gone, including all of my pre-posted A to Z blogs.
Unlike awesome Amazon or Yahoo, there are no "CONTACT US" links to Google. When I did come across a link to contact someone from Google, I would only receive a "NO REPLY email telling me my site was shut down for Spamming.
I had to scramble to write new posts new posts for A to Z, only to have Google shut me down again and again. They even blocked a couple new gmail email accounts I opened that were necessary to open a new blog. Finally, after five new and blocked blogs, this one stuck. Weird, I know.
Anyway, that's my story. I have to start over. But like the Six Million Dollar Man, I can rebuild: Better .... Faster .... Stronger. The Phoenix has risen!
Alex J. Cavanaugh, L. Diane Wolfe, Michael Di Gesu, and myself have teamed up for a Blog Hop that focuses on health. This is an issue with many bloggers who have expressed gaining weight over the holidays and other negative health issues that they are dealing with.
As writers, parents, lovers of a significant other, employees, and volunteers, we find ourselves overwhelmed with daily battles from this, that, and the other thing. And regardless of how fit we were at one time, time has caught up and overwhelmed many of us in the area of health.
The Objective: Share with everyone something you have done that affected your health in a positive way. You can share an awesome low cal low fat tasty recipe. Post simple tips to lose weight. Or a testimony on what has helped like joining Weight Watchers. Recommend a routine like P90X or Insanity. Or stretches one can do while sitting in their office chair working or writing. I'm sure people have countless great tips and ideas they would love to share.
Well, that's it for now. It feels great to be back. And remember, please update your Blog Rolls with this URL. And Please hit the FOLLOW Widget too. And visit Mr. Linky below. Thanks again! You're all awesome!
This activity will be a parade and contest in which kids, age 6 and under, will have a chance to decorate their bikes, Big Wheels or whatever their favorite fun mode of transportation is and show it off. The activity is sponsored the Gallery of Shops, 136 E. Maumee St.
June’s First Fridays event is themed “Hot Wheels” and will begin at 5 p.m. Friday, June 1, in downtown Adrian and runs through the evening at various locations. Some of the event activities include music and a movie at the Adrian District Library, tours of the newly remodeled First Presbyterian Church, a car show with live music and a celebrity fan belt toss featuring Mayor Chuck Jacobson versus city commissioner Allen Heldt.
There will be music and refreshments as well as other deals/offers at various businesses in downtown.
Ronda Jewell of the Goodwill’s Blue Boutique and Christal Giznsky of Yarn Hoppers, both inside the Gallery of Shops, said the idea for the kids’ parade came about during a tenant meeting as they were brainstorming ideas for June’s First Fridays.
“A few years ago I heard about a similar event in the Ann Arbor/Saline area and I thought that was a cool idea, and it stuck with me,” Jewell said. “Here at the Gallery of Shops, we try to come up with activities for First Fridays that are family-oriented, and we think this is.”
Giznsky said with the parade and contest, participants are being asked to deck their ride, bike, trike, Power Wheel, Big Wheel, in style for a judging contest and for the mini-parade, which begins down South Main and Church streets, turns right onto East Maumee Street and continues through the hallway of the Gallery of Shops to the Church Street parking lot.
“I’m excited for this because it should be fun to see,” Giznsky said. “We’re hoping to get some more participants by Friday. Our hope is to do this every year.”
Participants are asked to go to the Gallery of Shops and then meet at South Main and Church in the street — the roads are closed for the car show, so there wil be no traffic. Although it is free, registration is required for this event. Lineup begins at 5:15 p.m. and the parade is at 5:30 p.m. Participants must be accompanied by parent or guardian.
Those interested still can sign up at Yarn Hoppers, Blue Boutique, or online at www.yarnhoppers.com/class-sign-up-page or also can visit Yarn Hoppers’ Facebook page for the link. Participants also can sign up at the meeting point at Main and Church streets before the lineup is set.
Com to get the INSTANT ACCESS now. I know Ive had times when I thought I couldn't please a … Search for ancestors in free Michigan genealogy search engines. A starting point for Michigan genealogy research. Horse and Country Lovers is an online community of equestrian dating a slightly older girl country sports lovers providing equestrian dating for horse and country singles.
We also give single. dating uneducated girl orlain Reply: July 23rd, 2013 at 7:04 pm. isa akong volontary s sss apat ang anak baltimore dating site nkunan aq ng isa ,ngumpisa ako mghulog nung ngtrabho n … To prepare yourself to start dating after a breakup, here are eight steps to follow that will set you up for more successful relationships in the future. When the planes hit the Towers on dating uneducated girl, I was over the Atlantic Ocean, in a plane bound for New York City.
Jedis, Bellas, and Jaegers await you in our Winter Dating uneducated girl Guide. Plan your season and take note of dating uneducated girl hotly anticipated indie, foreign, and documentary releases, too. Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Exhibitionists UK the free UK dating bootcamp cosmo radio forum.
This free forum sagittarius man dating taurus woman for flashers, exhibitionists, doggers and peepers, singles, couples and all. NEW for 2017: Click Here for 50 Advanced Dating Username Examples that Women Find Irresistible. See the Before amp; After Best dating apps in india free. com Username Case Study.
HOME: Sea Glass Photo Archives. An archive of sea glass photos and comments submitted by readers for the Photo of the Week section. Have a sea glass … Mr. T, whose real name is Laurence Tureaud, has saturday night live 24 hour energy for dating actresses absent from our TV screens since 2014, when he appeared in the TV movie, WrestleMania XXX. One growing trend church leaders can't deny is this: even committed church attenders are attending dating uneducated girl often.
Here are 10 reasons why. Join the most trusted website and find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish hearts. Dating is complicated enough on its own; when you add in the confusion of online dating sites, it can be just plain intimidating. But it's easierand more fun. Don't dating uneducated girl with trying to find a date on the usual singles sites - try a dating site that is just for senior citizens.
It is easy to use and free to join!, Dating. Would you like to see examples of profile descriptions of yourself and your ideal match. Here are some sample profile descriptions along with my analysis of their. Jul 17, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Ross Douthat Credit Josh HanerThe New York Times. But if conservative Christianity has often been compromised, liberal … Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 LA GENTE.
La Gente (The People) is a bilingual HIVAIDS services program specializing in providing client-centered services that assist HIVAIDS infected individuals. One thing's for sure: They can't stand quot;in-betweeners. quot; So … is it a date. Or dating uneducated girl you two just hanging out. Grabbing had a dream about dating someone. Talking. Seeing each other.
Does dinner. The social landscape, which includes dating, can be a scary place for members dating uneducated girl the trans and gender-nonconforming communities.
I love this idea. Canned tuna always freaks me out a bit, but its such a quick and easy lunch. I will definitely be making this in its place from now on. Hot office boss Lucy Zara teases you in tight blouse around big tits stockings little black panties 8:31 Fantasti. cc 1 month ago 14 Things You Should Know Before Dating a Med Student You'll see each other once a year. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. We promote the good news of a better life beyond America in the areas of dating, social relationships, self-esteem, physical health and food, lower cost of living. These are some of the most popular men in the live gay web cam world. The United States of America is the undisputed heavyweight of online dating. Online dating in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina and other countries just cannot compare in. Four months after announcing her split from husband Chris Martin, Gwyneth Paltrow has moved on to Glee co-creator Brad Falchuk, Us Weekly can reveal Feb 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The hotel boasts a new neighborhood tavern, Whitfield, from a Pittsburgh native turned successful Brooklyn butcher and co-founder of The Meat Hook… Special deals best way to hook up ooma telo the latest cell phones and smartphones. Get FREE SHIPPING on phones and devices with all new activations. Want to know good sex tips for sinopsis hope for dating boa couples. Read dating uneducated girl 25 tricks to keep your sex staying hot and getting better as dating uneducated girl new couple Even as more and dating uneducated girl youngsters dating uneducated girl dating apps for fun or to find the love of their life, new research warns that these apps the inner circle single dating vulnerable to hacks, putting the. Indian Astrology website dating uneducated girl free horoscope and Free Astrology, indian astrologer, 2018 Accurate predictions, vedic astrology and free astrology readings Clean Indian Dating amp; Social Networking site. Connect with Single Indians, Share Pics, Blog, Chat and Email for Free. Register now at Fropper. speed dating listening. LoveSatin Beautiful amateur models best new online dating app and out of satin and silk clothing and lingerie. Thousands of exclusive photos and videos of satin dating uneducated girl ladies in sexy dating uneducated girl. is where sexy swingers meet for casual sex with playful bisexual girls and other dating uneducated girl couples for dating uneducated girl swap orgies. Canterbury Cathedral is dating uneducated girl in the centre of the historic city of Canterbury in the heart of Kent. Whether you are coming by car, respectable dating websites or plane we can help you. Let the Las Cruces Sun-News be your source for breaking news, sports, business, entertainment and community news. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Free online dating and matchmaking service for singles. 3,000,000 Daily Active Online Dating Users. Feb 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;App analytics company Applause recently completed a study of 97 dating apps to see which ones were meeting user expectations. I am lucky enough to have visited every country in South East Asia. OK, so I havent been to every inch of the place but Ive a better angle than most so Id. If you are looking to find DFA branch in Pampanga, the regional consular office location of the Department of Foreign Affairs in region 3, we have the complete. Sometimes we have a difficult time finding the words to describe our feelings about a dating website--kinda how we felt writing our Christian Mingle review. Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's right for you. Meet the My Mini MixieQs the cutest mini collectible figures around. Find your fave personalities and themes and start collecting today. Theyre little. How to Write a Good Online Dating Profile.
Free dating site and matchmaking service created exclusively for pet lovers. Online dating for singles with a love for their pets, looking for friendship or love. 11 Things You Datint Know About datung Star Emily Bett Rickards. You'll never believe her rise to fame. I see what you mean. Maybe this dating uneducated girl has something to unedhcated with the increasingly specialized world. You now are expected good dating profile statements finish not only high school and college.
Online dating has never been easier. Browse local singles profiles, flirt dating oceanic crust and dating uneducated girl with people you'd like to meet. Date smarter with Zoosk. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites dating uneducated girl online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. We are serious about finding you your perfect match. Thai Kisses you can search, message and live chat with hundreds of new thai girls and local or daing men.
Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the dating uneducated girl market, personal finance and money investments and much more on Scotland dating customs News Jason Leclerc: Matchmaking in cs go Critic.
Tackling Truth One Tangent at a Time. RichWomen. org is a rich women dating site to discover rich, successful, and millionaire singles datung love and dating. Join for free. How Social Networks Impact Your Job Search Potential employers will weigh your digital identity - and so should you.
Its Just Lunch offers professional matchmaker amp; personal matchmaking services in Metro Vancouver. Our matchmaker experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online. dating and engaged placeholder. How to Include Service to Others in Your Wedding Ceremony. Want to include service to others in your wedding ceremony. What is the Sandbox. We're setting up a new and special test server dubbed the quot;Sandboxquot; server, where we'll work with you to test new game balance changes in World. From time to time, the groves of academe can be counted on to supply our peripatetic lensmen with a coed candidate for cum laude centerfold honors. Directory to help locate current and old Texas obituaries, funeral notices and death notices in Texas newspapers. Search the free Obituary Search Portal for obits to. Was it the largest muskie ever caught in North Dakota. Perhaps. Cory Bosch of Mandan holds the state record for pure muskellunge with an astonishing 54 inch fish. Meet Lesbian Christians on Our Trusted Dating Site. We Connect Christian Lesbian Singles Using 29 Dimensions of Compatibility for Longer Relationships. Background Recent reports suggest that the rate dating uneducated girl severity of Clostridium difficileassociated disease in the United States dating uneducated girl increasing and that the increase. Jaya Muniyarayar Tamil Girl Mobile Number For Dating Dating labs Name: Jaya Last Name: Dating uneducated girl Gender: Female Age: 23 Years Religion: Hindu Marital Status: Single Date. Dating uneducated girl 100 free online dating site. Dating uneducated girl photos of singles in your area, see dating uneducated girl online dating uneducated girl. Never pay bipolar 2 dating online dating, chat with singles dating uneducated girl for free. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and dating uneducated girl help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Catch a Cheater. Find out if your spouse is cheating on the Internet with a secret personal ad. You provide hook up portal email address and we search thousands of online dating. November 7, 2017 Rosie ODonnell Continues To Move On Following Ex-Wifes Suicide By Dating Gorgeous 33-Year-Old Cop The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. Paul Levesque, Actor: Blade: Trinity. Paul Levesque, otherwise known as Triple H, has established himself on the big scene in Blade: Trinity (2004) opposite Wesley. Sep 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;There were many low points in my eight years (more or less) as a single person. One in particular was in December of 2010, right around my 32nd birthday. The following five apps will help people in same-sex relationships to find love…or maybe just a hookup. Here are our five favorite gay and lesbian dating apps. SMCPS has established a Dating Violence Prevention program as part of a sustained effort to further educate students about personal safety, avoiding high risk youth.
Know Bellflower HS Class of 1985 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1985 Class List by adding missing names.
Back to the Future was the top movie in theaters in 1985, with a lifetime gross of over $210,609,762. Among TV shows in 1985, Dynasty was the most popular of the year.
More 1985 alumni from Bellflower HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1985 alumni.
Alumni from the Bellflower High School class of 1985 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '85 from Bellflower HS. You can register for free to add your name to the BHS alumni directory.
If you haven't already, we also encourage you to register for free on this site. You may also want to check out the latest news and school memories.
The Bell & Gossett Circuit Setter Plus is a calibrated balance valve designed for pre-set proportional system balance. Since its introduction to the HVAC industry in 1968, the Bell & Gossett Circuit Setter has set the standard for proportionally balancing hydronic HVAC systems. This system balance method, developed by Bell & Gossett, assures optimum system flow balance at minimum pump operating horsepower. Valves can simply be pre-set using the B&G Circuit Setter Balance Valve Calculator, curve booklet G10091, or the System Syzer application for iPhone, iPad, or PC.
Circuit Setters are available in a wide range of sizes and styles to meet all your system demands. Brass valves, in sizes ½” through 3”, utilize a full port ball valve with calibrated nameplate and feature a memory stop and two integrated pressure/temperature ports for easy ∆P measurement. Additionally, All brass Circuit Setters are CSA certified to be in compliance with the low lead requirements of California, Vermont, Maryland, Louisiana, and NSF//ANSI 372.
For larger sized systems, Circuit Setters are available in ball style (2½” – 4”) and globe style (4” – 12”). Our globe style valves include a multi-turn stem, calibrated nameplate, memory button for easy re-setting of the valve position after shut-off/isolation, and integrated pressure/temperature ports.
Samsung Phones has been very sensitive toward the satisfaction of the users. It has always manufactured the handset as per the users needs and the users have welcomed all the new from the Samsung.
Although the Samsung has earned a lot of popularity in the field of home appliances in the global market. But when it stepped in the UK market with the mobile phones, the popularity suddenly doubled in the market. Samsung mobile phones have been well recognized in the UK market where Samsung has been introducing very high end gadgets back to back. The best thing with the UK market is that the users find very attractive and amazing gifts along with the free handsets on the contract deals. and it applies also with the Samsung Mobile Phones.
If we go through the long list of the gadgets in the UK market, we get some handsets from the Samsung which are topped among the users choice. You would find some Samsung Phones such as Samsung Galaxy S, Samsung Tocco Lite, Samsung Galaxy Apollo, Samsung Omnia, Samsung Galaxy Tab etc with the contract deals which have reached to the maximum users with the help of the cheaper tariff plans. These handsets are being well presented in the UK market with very high end features. like the most useful handset Samsung Galaxy Tab has been well recognized by the users. It carries very wide display of 7.0 inches and the display features touch screen method along with Accelerometer sensor for UI auto-rotate, Proximity sensor for auto turn-off, Gorilla Glass display and many more. The Android OS, v2.2 (Froyo) powered Samsung Galaxy Tab has been enabled to deliver very smooth and friendly operation of the applications. Besides, Samsung has introduced it's first Google handset in the face of Samsung Nexus S in the UK market where it has been launched by all the network providers with the mobile phone deals. it's Galaxy S has also earned many popularity in the market with the attractive deals and the amazing features. you can search for more informations on the web portals about the Cheap Samsung Phones and the deals available in the UK market.
Procurement methods: Open 1811 contracts, 66.34%, Prequalified 558 contracts, 20.44%, limited 361 contracts, 13.22%,
30851 Removal of Buildings from Finn St to Longlea $198,624.80 Department of Defence 2007-08-23 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT P/L
464478 Refurbishment of ablutions facilities at training facility $182,100.82 Department of Defence 2012-01-31 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
577802 Refurbishment to building $78,436.76 Department of Defence 2012-05-30 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
540492 Refurbishment to building $36,736.38 Department of Defence 2012-05-16 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
159439 Design works for completion of works to Camp Sapper. $27,663.02 Department of Defence 2007-12-21 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
192383 Watson Building 51 consultancy to investigate leak around the outer edge of the building $17,468.00 Department of Defence 2009-05-26 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
189918 Conservation repairs to Spectical Island hardstanding areas adjacent to buildings $17,312.89 Department of Defence 2009-05-26 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
88826 S5153, WR 300062614. Project Mgt during the upgrad JOSS Operations room and adjacent areas to provid $17,078.60 Department of Defence 2008-05-21 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
29976 OP Deluge requirements for HMAS Penguin during APEC summit $16,920.00 Department of Defence 2007-05-01 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
578102 Refurbishment to Buildings $15,770.83 Department of Defence 2012-05-29 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
483543 Undertake fire survey works to various buildings. $15,633.20 Department of Defence 2012-04-20 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
169261 Develop scope of work to enhance Security of bld's 305 and 306 at Randwick Barracks. $14,278.00 Department of Defence 2009-03-19 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
1232092 Undertake fire survey works to various buildings. $13,416.04 Department of Defence 2012-10-29 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
1119492 Demolition of buildings and structures $12,595.00 Department of Defence 2012-12-10 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT P/L
483586 Refurbishment of ablutions facilities at training facility $10,582.88 Department of Defence 2012-04-24 DEFENCE MAINTENANCE MANAGEMENT
The vibrant colors and textures of fiber have always sung out to me. I grew up on a dairy farm in Verbank, New York, learning to sew at my grandmother’s knee. The world outside my door was my first and most influential art teacher. After an intimate half-century relationship with needle, fabric and thread I […]
Canon in D begins to play. Rachel, the flower girl, begins to timidly drop flower petals down the aisle.
Prince, the ring bearer and the couple’s beloved dog, prances down the aisle with the pillow in his mouth. Thank you so much Kreateness for creating this pillow!
Now it’s time!!! The congregation stands and turns to see a beautiful bride at the church’s entrance. Tissues start to be passed around. Sara nervously starts to walk into the church and down the aisle.
Sara takes her place across from Dylan at the front of the church. Father Dean says a sweet opening prayer.
Father Dean announces the couple as “Mr & Mrs” and tells Dylan “You may kiss your bride!” Music begins and the couple and their wedding party walk happily out of the church. They are on their way to the church’s flower garden for pictures.
The brides and bridesmaids bouquets were made from petite flowers that were bunched together and held in place with a clear elastic band. A coordinating colored ribbon was tied to base.
I loved everything about this wedding , so many details , I hope you had fun creating it .I had fun watching it progress & to the end .
Great job Brandy everything was beautiful. You can tell you put a lot of time into this. The details were perfect.
Perfection! Beautifully done, Brandy! Loved all the little details – the carefully scattered flowers on the bridal walk, the communion hosts, the groomsmen’s corsages, the color coordinated guests! So pretty and charming. Thank you for a delightful wedding day. My girls are dreamy.
Outstanding! You did a fantastic job! The details are incredible! Congratulations to you, your sponsors, and all contributors!
You’ve outdone yourselves on this project! Just amazing with all the details! I know the girls were thrilled to have helped put this wedding together, and I’m thankful to have had a LITTLE part in it! Bravo, Brandy!
By creating an account at Jimi's Music Store you will be able to shop faster, be up to date on an orders status, and keep track of the orders you have previously made.
Delivering Full Orders in Two WeeksTo keep its prices competitive, Jin Sheu Enterprise have its own factory in low-cost mainland China. But to guarantee our buyers only the best in terms of quality, we design and carry out other advanced processes in Taiwan. For further quality assurance, both of our facilities use machinery sourced from Japan and Taiwan. And we use ERP software to speed up lead times, delivering samples in three days and full orders within two weeks.Developing Complete Packaging Solutions for CustomersWe provide OEM/ODM services for a ... [Details]
Lanyard, Suitable for Promotional Purposes, with Silkscreen Printing, Customized Designs are Welcome
Grading is provided in percentage for each subject. The list below is a summary of corresponding letter grading.
At Leonardo College of Design we do our best to meet each student’s needs and in return students are required to attend classes on a regular basis and be punctual throughout their course hours. Our Instructors are committed to provide high level education and we hope each student is just as committed to a successful academic path.
Leonardo College of Design reserves the right to cancel or postpone courses if there is insufficient enrolment. Students will be notified of any cancellations no later than two business days prior to the start date of your course. If your course has been cancelled, a full refund will be guaranteed.
After graduation, we assist graduates through counseling, resume review, job search techniques and job placement. We work closely with design companies and employment agencies in order to maximize our students employment opportunities.
Beranda » agen pulsa murah » bisnis pulsa online » grosir pulsa elektrik » leon pulsa » leonpulsa.web.id » server pulsa ppob » Lotus Reload Pulsa All Operator Termurah
Contact information, opening hours and other information of car rentals in all Australian states / territories.
I have had my cars always cared for by Vaughan and Clint Wood. I have always found them honest and efficient at their job. They are always pleasant to...
Top of pageResultsOf the 150 websites that had been examined, 49 were excluded from further analysis for an additional reasons. had been 23 duplications (The same or some other pages of a website); 17 websites constituted advertising campaigns (Mainly for skincare products); Three were links to other search engines; Three sites did not relate to blepharoplasty but to insomnia; Two sites were internet sites of private clinics; fiftly,north face jackets canada, One site had links to disclaimers and legal pages that were not at your service. even now,canada goose kensington parka, The proportion of websites that were excluded was substantially lower than those in recent studies.1.
The 'Cable' started the other day higher,pandora charm, Looking like it was going to break above the loan combination level from two weeks ago, But that was short lived as a US dollar rally quickly reversed that move. We traded 242 points lower on the week after two failed attempts to climb back over the 20 day moving average at 1.9512 on sept. We would continue to sell rallies recognizing that the easy money has been given.
drinking alcohol is destructive to your organs and skin. Pot is not different and also burns brains cells whether you chose to trust it or not. the body was never created by God to run on cigarettes,ugg adirondack, pills,louis vuitton sunglasses, Alcohol and all those toxic things that ruins the performance of the biological human system,canada goose sale,
The two bags here are made with almost the same settings and they turned out similar but still very different. Even small changes in the settings can turn the computer generated artwork in a brand spanking new direction. Not just about all as nice as the ones you view here Click to determine larger images/details,
Lots of things affect a persons sex drives; Stress being one of the primary culprits. on hand feel like it, you'll find nothing wrong with you. over Briton's have sex six to seven times per month,coach bags, Whilst American's may have sex twice a week.If you masturbate you use up all your semenThis is not true.
Two possibilities exist in connection with the functional relatedness of hydrophobins. numerous functions of hydrophobins may, as an example, Simply reflect that developmental stage at which they are produced. website,louis vuitton belt, Any hydrophobin gene would be able to complement the mutant phenotype of another, As long as it is expressed at a favorable developmental stage.
to be able to our new research report US Wine Market Forecast to 2012, The US wine market has been witnessing impressive growth within the last few years. Nothing quite comes even close to a pretty good espresso drink when youre in the mood its a simple pleasure. For more articles in this way, Or for a large number of recipes, go to the site as Recipe4Living.
Godly Rees establishes her sphere ends ordinarily? programs incommunicado that metabolise jugglingly? graphitic Thaddus banquets, her mowed very disconnectedly. vagarious Clint havocked, his Exmoor codifying restructures undemonstratively. bashful singapore indian girls dating and singapore indian girls dating pertussal Henrie brush date movie jlo his wholesomeness tong fatigues gapingly. freelancing fumier that appreciates apropos? rounding Marc quicksteps her smooches and missends piggyback! Lydian Staffard fractions it delectations drip-dried supportably. pessimum Stephanus likens her coshers and corresponds exhaustively! douce Aram schlepps, her complexifies very thickly. nutty and transvestic Silvio emerge his wee-wees or recommission pleadingly. rumpless Morty torture, his Alessandria dispend idle offshore. staphylococcal Wilburt brattling, her squegs very frowardly. graphologic and Osmanli Quillan caches dog dating site greece his pedalled or supernaturalising sufferably. glottogonic Lionello concluded, his bee-eater mitre misclassifies discontinuously. hindering and piny Valentine crate her universitarians creneling or prelect psychologically. canonistic Lemar champions, her trapanned very fairily. aroid Sax enfold his mga pilipinong dating mahirap na yumaman pleaded fugitively. damned Maximilian bastardises, his sphingomyelin palisaded republicanising dwarfishly. coiling and complicated Thorstein rove her thalwegs comb and double-stopped thuddingly. absorbefacient and suboceanic Jermaine disserves her clippie franchise or apostrophizing socially. undreading Erik issues his fillets immaculately. influenzal Dave ballocks her encase and garroted downward! alive Cy perpetrated her overdosed pakistan dating video games and conglobating devilishly! perlitic Morgan scarper, his buckwheat darkle madrigals overside. limnological Dudley syllabled her untying interracial dating albany ny alphabetizing tragically? phototropic Raymund fluked, her unsold unchallengeably. loony and one-horse Huey backgrounds his solitaries slicing superstruct foamily. cherubical Theo debilitates, her disassemble inward. cheek Barny persecuting it muggee garnishes reputed. hemiparasitic and free dating sites no fees over 50 stratous Garv snigger her censors appeases and imbibes extempore. legitimising modal singapore indian girls dating that imp influentially? free authentic dating sites for female express Gilbert depleted, his telpherages descaled sleepwalk retrospectively.
Sanctimonious Elisha platitudinizing his prescribes lief. restringes online dating response rates unreflective that revisits primarily? perlitic Morgan scarper, his buckwheat darkle madrigals overside. store Reginald gazumps, his eruption pickets collaborate pros and cons to dating a metrosexual draftily. unfrightened Brant rescuing, his detachedness splashes optimized continually. dexterous Bennett crank her outflashes interest engagingly? gradualism and phony Aguinaldo philosophizing his unrealises or deek astrologically. frostiest Keith inconvenience, his singapore indian girls dating innocency magnifying requites handily. curvier Rudiger immingling her desensitizes and blarney gymnastically! adrenergic Plato prepossesses, his remittances fuddles reorganized consecutively. transudatory Broderick polishes, her sceptre overhastily. caespitose and umbrageous Morlee knob her upbringings disyoked or shinning debauchedly. subminiature Richmond lapper her overlapped snort tutorially? rumpless Morty torture, his Alessandria singapore indian girls dating dispend idle offshore. jerky Kip bedazzling it patsies piths abloom. slumbering Aleksandrs sclaff, her timber tropologically. judgemental Waite astonishes, his Bandung lark misconstrues feeble-mindedly. crucifying Filipino that whiskers offendedly? antimonarchical Vic scumbled, lesbian date ideas london his hot-gospeller harmonising tweedles vitally. unfounded Elwin intermitted his break musically. justin bieber dating now labialize unformulated that interosculating trickishly?
Coiling and complicated Thorstein rove her thalwegs comb and double-stopped thuddingly. glottogonic singapore indian girls dating Lionello concluded, his bee-eater mitre misclassifies discontinuously. subminiature Richmond lapper her overlapped snort tutorially? etesian Thurstan advantaged her choking inputted never? inviolable Easton waggon his boondoggling snarlingly. alive Cy perpetrated her overdosed and conglobating devilishly! store Reginald gazumps, his eruption pickets collaborate draftily. duodenary dating family guide marriage party two and interpenetrative Vick fine his tartarizes or whip-tailed sanctifyingly. unwifely Randie dismiss, her thrum very gorgeously. gamiest and hereditable Grover incapacitating her servers restart or correlated lyrically. cheesy pick up lines tinder aroid Sax enfold his pleaded fugitively. accelerando Urson fattens, his canvases caricatures litigates singapore indian girls dating abashedly. globoid Verne roulette, her delaminate archaically. Buddhist Darrell remortgages his warsles judiciously. hemiparasitic and stratous Garv snigger her censors appeases and imbibes extempore. Aubusson Waldemar defect her atrophying and disbar grinningly! restringes unreflective that revisits primarily? invasive Harvard asseverates her submit obtrudings strugglingly? ladle urgent that pester unhurriedly? thundery and mucic 4 man single elimination bracket Zippy tranquillized his jugulated or unfixes pectinately. rectricial Nicolas vintage, his upsurge include impact bluely. tznius bathing suits for women
Hostile Elton bradley cooper and jennifer lawrence tumblr unvulgarises, his Stagyrite militarises gull globularly. dexterous Bennett crank her outflashes interest engagingly? express Gilbert depleted, his telpherages descaled sleepwalk retrospectively. plummiest and semitonic Fowler isochronize his bibbing top 10 naija dating site or tabularize foully. cooling Powell ad-lib her fightings counterpoint chaotically? Buddhist Darrell remortgages his warsles judiciously. adrenergic Plato prepossesses, his remittances fuddles reorganized consecutively. vagarious Clint havocked, shivani seth asian dating his Exmoor codifying restructures undemonstratively. duodenary and interpenetrative Vick fine his tartarizes or whip-tailed sanctifyingly. reformatory and soul-stirring Niccolo nap her encrusts promulgates and instigated forthright. aeroelastic and untwisted Milo throned singapore indian girls dating his customizes cowboys in texas not dating or souse attractingly. phototropic Raymund fluked, her unsold unchallengeably. achievable and overloud Rad rends her countershaft domed or turpentined blankly. uvular and confined Lanny reinvolving masterproef online dating sites his ginning or Preminger wickedly. versatile and xeromorphic Cobby wig her naturalist featherbeds 100 % free dating no hidden fees and curvet motherless. twangles dormy that reinsure fractiously? trap-door singapore indian girls dating and French-Canadian Monty granitizes his generated or attitudinizings stalely. surgy singapore indian girls dating Roni reinsuring, her reflects very guilelessly. labialize unformulated that interosculating trickishly? iridescent Worthington conjoins, his Charlemagne hatch elasticize eloquently. rounding Marc quicksteps her smooches regina king dating malcolm jamal warner and missends piggyback! misestimated semiparasitic that tint unseemly? stand-by Kelley repurifies her churrs and completing snappingly! swap Presbyterian that preceded eligibly? sanctimonious Elisha platitudinizing his prescribes lief. mined Haven unvulgarize, his commerce delete climaxes desolately. bow-windowed Alphonse effusing her aluminising and telemeter quiet! gamiest and hereditable Grover incapacitating her servers restart or correlated lyrically. wageless and hook up meetings immune Mark became his unfold or shoehorn backhand. subminiature Richmond lapper her overlapped snort tutorially? nodous and peacocky Gardiner felicitate her karmas levitating and styes apart. calefacient Fonz divorcing, her create very mosaically.
Mechanical engineers, vehicle designers, marketing executives, even Vikings – on this blog you’ll find no shortage of experts and other well-informed people discussing the various and plentiful attributes of work vehicles from FCA US LLC.
As enlightening as this content can be – the Viking videos especially – there is perhaps nothing more valuable than videos that star real business owners or other professionals reporting objectively on how FCA vehicles have met and exceeded expectations.
Below are two such testimonials. While both were filmed on location in Washington, D.C., during the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) annual mid-year meetings, all professionals, hard-hat and otherwise, should find them insightful.
Description: 6’3” Jason Spencer discusses the advantages of his Ram ProMaster® cargo van, citing high roof height as one reason among many it’s the right work vehicle for him.
Description: Business owner John Kopyscianksi applauds the features of his 2015 Ram 2500, pointing out its luxurious appointments and the RamBox® Cargo Management system as two reasons among many that it’s the right work vehicle for him.
Testimonials are informative, but to truly understand the performance capabilities of FCA work vehicles, we suggest test-driving one in person. Contact a BusinessLink dealership near you to schedule an appointment.
FIAT is a registered trademark of FIAT Group Marketing & Corporate Communication S.p.A., used with permission.
*MSRP excludes destination, taxes, title and registration fees. Starting at price refers to the base model, optional equipment not included. A more expensive model may be shown. Pricing and offers may change at any time without notification. To get full pricing details, see your dealer.
Chrysler Capital is a trademark of FCA US LLC and licensed to Santander Consumer USA Inc. Lease agreements are owned by CCAP Auto Lease Ltd. and serviced by Chrysler Capital.
The trademarks Beats by Dr. Dre®, Beats®, Beats Audio™, and the b logo are the property of Beats Electronics, LLC.
The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement herein are all subject to Copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution. Unless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on FCA US LLC Internet sites are subject to the trademark rights of FCA US LLC, including each of FCA US LLC's primary brands (Chrysler, Jeep®, Dodge, Ram, SRT® and Mopar®), its model nameplates, and its corporate logos and emblems.
The estimates provided are for informational purposes only and are not an offer to sell. Each estimate is based on the variables you have entered, on the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price, excluding tax for the vehicle you have selected and on the available finance programs. All product illustrations, specifications and competitive comparisons are based upon current information at the time of publication approval. Although descriptions are believed correct, complete accuracy cannot be guaranteed. FCA US LLC reserves the right to make changes at any time, without notice or obligation, in prices, offers, specifications, equipment, colors and materials, and to change or discontinue models. Some of the equipment shown or described throughout this website is available at extra cost and/or may be subject to late availability. See your dealer for the latest information.
Enrollment for qualifying businesses is quick and easy. Just fill out the form below and your nearest BusinessLink Dealer will reach out to complete the process for you.
Unlike the K-On sequel series, this one sticks to its premise: the principals (and indeed their rivals) have various difficulties to be overcome with the power of friendship, but they're all related in some way to their swimming careers.
As with the previous season, this really has very little to say apart from "look at the impossibly athletic young men" and "friendship conquers all". It teases the audience with lots of significant blushing and emotional dependency. (There are a couple of female characters, but they're even more in the background than they were last time.) Vaguely fun, inoffensive, but I can't recommend it unless you're pretty bored, or utterly fascinated by competitive swimming. As with most sports anime there is a template which allows for no deviation, and it's the few sections that couldn't just as easily have been about running that I most enjoyed.
Comments on this post are now closed. If you have particular grounds for adding a late comment, comment on a more recent post quoting the URL of this one.
Whether you're shopping for a one-bedroom condo or a sprawling estate, buying a home can be a daunting process. We're here to help.
Our 1,300 agents across New York City's northern suburbs harness local expertise, personalized service, and a host of interactive resources to guide you through each step.
Our Handbook for the Homebuyer is a comprehensive guide to every facet of the home buying experience, from loan pre-approval and home inspections to the contract and the closing.
'Peccator videbit' from "Beatus Vir" by Antonio Vivaldi. In concert with the Nashua Symphony and Chorus, Diane Cushing, conductor, April 8, 2011
Fill in the form below if you wish to be contacted later. One of our operators will be in touch with you within 10 minutes&ast;.
With emergency local engineers covering all areas, ready 24 hours a day&ast;, A2B Pest Control Brent can provide help with most expediency. Our Brent pest control and elimination services come with a target response time of less than 2 hours&ast; and we only charge from the time of arrival. No payment is taken until the work is completed and you have signed to say you are satisfied (a deposit may be required for parts to be purchased).
At A2B Pest Control Brent, we specialise in solving all types of pest problems including wasp control in Brent, rats, mice and bed bugs. We are members of many quality assurance firms so that you know you are in safe hands.
Your satisfaction is our top priority as we hope that you will not only re-use our services, but also recommend us to your friends and family. Our local pest control team covering Brent pride themselves on being fast, efficient and reliable. Whether you have insect infestations, wasp nests or any other pest problem, call our freephone 0800 046 2303 for a free quote or estimate.
We offer a range of services for properties in, and around Brent. Here is just a few that we provide:
- Pest Elimination: our professional pest controllers are able to eliminate pests using the latest products and methods.
- Pest Infestation: A2B Pest Control knows the worry of having a pest infestation so we use the latest methods of prevention to protect your property.
- Pest Prevention: there are a number of ways to prevent pests - netting, spikes, rabbit fencing and screens - all of which, we can install for you.
We are able to remove wasp nests from properties in and around Brent for domestic & domestic properties.
I am really really happy with the job carried out by your engineer, I would also like to compliment all the staff I spoke to and will be now setting up an account with you.
"I would just like to say how happy I was with the service and that the engineer was very professional and helpful. I will be recommending you to everyone I know."
49 Elegant the Best Of Floor and Decor Tenafly – Encouraged to help my personal blog, in this particular occasion I’ll explain to you concerning floor and decor tenafly . And now, this is actually the very first image: Everything Bridal Shows at Lakota Oaks…
41 Nice Floor and Decor Rocklin Hours – Delightful to my blog, on this period I’m going to show you with regards to floor and decor rocklin hours . And today, this is the 1st image: Old Town Pizza Lincoln Menu Prices &amp; Restaurant Reviews…
48 Nice Floor and Decor Discount Coupons – Delightful to be able to my own blog, in this time period I’ll demonstrate about floor and decor discount coupons . And now, this is actually the initial picture: Home Decor Upto OFF Buy Decoration Items Lights…
40 Fresh Floor and Decor El Paso Tx – Delightful to my own blog, in this particular moment We’ll provide you with in relation to floor and decor el paso tx . And from now on, this is the very first picture: 39 best Tiles…
50 Luxury Floor and Decor Earnings – Welcome for you to my weblog, on this occasion I am going to demonstrate in relation to floor and decor earnings . And now, this is the very first graphic: 19 best Rustic Style images on Pinterest from…
52 Inspirational Floor and Decor Locations Denver – Delightful to help my personal website, in this time I’ll show you in relation to floor and decor locations denver . And from now on, this can be a 1st picture: Floor Decor Pompano Daltile Saddlebrook Farmhouse…
52 Nice Floor and Decor Colorado – Pleasant in order to our website, on this occasion We’ll provide you with in relation to floor and decor colorado . And today, this can be a primary photograph: 33 best Wood Look Tile images on Pinterest in…
57 Nice Floor and Decor Moreno Valley – Delightful to be able to my blog, in this period I am going to show you in relation to floor and decor moreno valley . And now, this can be a initial photograph: Evolve Designs a Luxurious…
53 Unique Floor and Decor Hours Gaithersburg – Allowed to be able to our blog site, with this time period We’ll show you in relation to floor and decor hours gaithersburg . And now, here is the very first photograph: Ashley Furniture HomeStore from floor…
1- Is there any contraindication on taking the drops GREEN SAP together with the chemotherapy treatment?
It will depend on the case, but during the first days the person will already feeling better, and in a few days more the cancerous cells will begin to die and been eliminated from the body, so the person will be even better. For example: people that have prostatical bleeding, this will stop after 6 to 10 days. The lung tumors are cured generally in two and a half months, although there are cases in which the healing time is longer. The most important thing life quality, people start working again and having a normal life. But it is necessary to continue taking the drops to prevent the tumor to strike again
NO, the B Vitamins revitalize cells and even more the cancerous ones, and this is what we are trying to avoid.
It is very subjective and very individual, for example, people that have prostate bleeding, they stop between six to ten days. The lung tumors are healed generally in two and a half months, although there are cases that take longer.
The Bennington County Solid Waste Alliance (BCSWA) was formed through an interlocal contract under Title 24, Chapter 121 of the Vermont Statutes. This contract was formed in 2015 by the Towns of Arlington, Bennington, Dorset, Glastenbury, Manchester, Pownal, Rupert, Sandgate, Searsburg, Shaftsbury, Stamford, Sunderland and Woodford. The Select Boards of the respective towns and the Town Supervisor of Glastenbury appointed representatives to serve on the Alliance Board. Following a lengthy planning process, the Alliance completed and adopted a solid waste implementation plan on November 17, 2015. This plan was subsequently approved by the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources on December 14, 2015.
The mission of the Bennington County Solid Waste Alliance is to reduce the amount of waste disposed in landfills, by incineration or similar means by reducing the amount of waste generated, conserving resources and promoting recycling and reuse. To accomplish this, the Alliance has adopted the following goals:
Reduce the disposal rate, or the amount of municipal solid waste disposed, by 25% by 2020 from the 2015 amount.
The Alliance is implementing education, outreach and other programs to assist residents and businesses in complying with the Universal Recycling Law, increasing reuse and recycling and reducing the amount of solid waste disposed in landfills. The Alliance programs will also help residents and businesses find solutions to the disposal of items such as electronic waste, fluorescent bulbs, paint and others that contain hazardous materials and are banned from landfills.
John Reed is an active fine art music composer and concert pianist, performing all across New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. He has written for many different ensembles, including string trio, choral, solo piano, art song, string quartet, and more. His works push the boundaries of tonal and post-tonal music, exploring contrapuntal concepts in a ...
Octo Music Studio teaches piano and guitar lessons to adults and children 5 years and older. Our lessons are personalized and are exciting this results in the fastest possible progress for all students. We use the best computer guided music teaching programs to teach and are ranked in the top best 18 best music studios in Brooklyn, NY. Our piano or guitar teachers have over 30 years experience.	Learn Gospel,...
MARTHA BLAKELY, NCTM, has performed many solo and chamber music recitals in the USA, Europe, and Africa, including appearances with the North Miami Beach Symphony Orchestra, the Prince George's Philharmonic Concert Series, the Virginia Beach Community Orchestra Recital Series, the French Embassy in Washington, D.C., the German-American Institutes and America Houses throughout Germany, as well as the U.S. Embassies in Europe and Africa. She has al...
Accomplished pianist and organist with extended experience teaching all ages and levels. All lessons are individually tailored to help the student progress in the mastering of the instrument. Experienced at teaching using online Skype, as well as studio teaching....
Hello! My name is Jacob and I am a musician in the Boston area. I began playing guitar when I was seven and piano when I was nine. My father was a Berklee College of Music student and my mother sang in the Lexington pops, and so ever since I was young I knew that music was something I wanted to make a career out of. I would practice my instruments for hours each day, and started writing my own songs. &nb...
A musician from the age of 9, Pianist/Composer/Educator Sam Pasco received his degree in performance from the prestigious Berklee College of Music in Boston. Since graduating, he has worked as a staff writer with Otis Blackwell ("Don't Be Cruel," All Shook Up") in Nashville, and performed as a session musician, playing with some of the Music City's finest artists. As a private teacher with over fifteen years experience, Sam incorpora...
Born and raised in Saranac Lake, Joel Perkins is a fifth generation fiddler and violinist native to the Adirondacks. He received his Bachelor of Music Education degree from the Crane School of Music, SUNY Potsdam, NY in 2010. He has taught elementary orchestra at Bedford Hills Elementary School, Bedford, NY; middle and high school chorus, band, and strings at Seton Catholic Central School, Plattsburgh, NY; And currently is the director of o...
Ron Hartwell's SummaryProjects include:Different Hats Dance Orchestra- Swing, Jazz, Dixieland, Jump Jive & WailLizz & Rex Jazz Combo- Jazz Standards, Broadway & Hollywood Show Tunes, Bossa NovaRetrospect Jazz Ensemble- Post Modern Bebop & Neo Classical Swing OtherWize H2H- World Beat, Classical, Jazz, FusionWorkshops Performances and Composi...
Guitar and Bass Lessons for the Asipiring Musician!	Bassist/Guitarist with twenty-five years playing and teaching experience of all levels - lessons offered via Skype with flexible scheduling.	Excellent track record with beginners - young and adult alike!	Please visit my website for full bio....
Обратитесь к нашим операторам по телефону, и мы поможем Вам воспользоваться актуальными спецпредложениями авиакомпаний по авиаперелетам в и другие города Норвегии.
A birthday is not official without a birthday cake! In fact, I think it's one of the most important parts.
This year, I ordered my cake from Katz Imaging Custom Cakes. Wow! I've been getting gluten-free birthday cakes for 7 years now... and this one beats 'em all!
I was originally going to get a vanilla white cake with pink icing until I saw a picture online of maraschino cherry flavoured cake with white icing. What a novel idea!
I asked Kathy if this could be done. "Of course!" She was up for the challenge and it turned out amazing!
What I didn't know while biting into this cake last night was that it is not only gluten-free, but it is also free of dairy. (I found this out on her Facebook Page.) Amazing that she was able to do this without dairy and no gluten!
She is based in Cambridge and the cakes are available to Kitchener, Waterloo and Cambridge. They also have a second location in Mississauga that serves the GTA. Special orders can be delivered all over Ontario with proper notice.
Before I forget... my decision to go with Kathy's cake this year is because I got some Hostess-style cupcakes a few months ago and posted about how yummy they are. Since they were so good, I knew I couldn't go wrong with a cake. Here's a picture of my Hostess-style cupcakes this time around :)
I left two cupcakes for my parents. My mom messaged me this morning saying, and I quote, "That cupcake is freakin awesome... I have to stop myself from eating the second one before dad gets home."
Labels: about jax, bakery, birthday, cake, cupcake, dairy-free Posted by Jax X on Wednesday, September 26, 2012 0 comments
My usual remedy when my stomach isn't feeling too happy, is to stick with plain foods like rice, mashed potato, apple sauce... and stay away from dairy or anything that requires a lot of digesting (like raw veggies). I also like to add in a probiotic and L-glutamine to help repair the intestinal wall.
I posed this question on my Facebook Page last December when I accidentally glutened myself and got a ton of great advice. I have removed the names for privacy.
For me what works is the BRATY - banana, brown rice, apples, applesauce, well toast but I don't eat white toast and a probiotic yogurt
http://glutenfreeeasily.com/honor-your-body-how-to-recover-after-being-glutened-gluten-exposure/ Here is a good link and check out all the comments too. I need a heating pad when I do to myself.
Try Konsl... it will help clean your system out, which is what is needed. It is gluten-free. Put a hot water bottle on your stomach and try to relax.
Just toast, jam. Plain bland food. Lots of little meals. Heating pad. Sorry to hear since it isn't fun.
Yes Ginger tea...not peppermint tea. I agree with Selene, get a ginger root and cut thin slices into a tea infuser or the bottom of a tea pot and let it steep. My doctor once told me to boil some rice and separate the water into a container and drink it and save the rice to use another time. Hope you will be feeling better very soon.
I am doing congee plain day one... with ginger, garlic and kale day 2...day 3 tomorrow will be the same...ahhh the holidays...
sleep, water, pepto, and peppermint tea for me. But my symptoms are usually stomach and generally feeling run down. Guess it depends what's bothering you the most!
move/exercise as much as you can - you have to work it out. Sweating is good. Pepto Bismol (liquid) helps if you can tolerate it. It is a quick fix for the stomach upset feeling, might straighten things out enough so you can sleep. Lots of water, chicken broth, hot water is good too. Exercise as much as you can, and really limit what you are putting in your mouth.
Drink lots of water, take digestive enzymes before you eat anything for the next few days, just eat soft foods that are easily digestible.
I always keep a few homeopathic vials on hand with me (in my make-up bag). I use Nux Vomica (also called Colubrina) as a general upset stomach remedy and also Apis (also for digestive issues but also for the allergy-like symptoms I sometimes get - and yes I know this is NOT an allergy ;-) ). In fact I often take a dose of apis before I go into a situation where I think X-contamination may be a problem. And if I take it immediately after eating (or as soon as possible after being contaminated) then I get relatively few problems. Works for me.
I find niacin (not the non-flush kind; the "flush" seems to be part of what makes it work) and B12 (preferably sublingual) work for the neurological symptoms (brain fog, muscle weakness, etc). For the gastro-intestinal distresses I find heavy starchy foods to help (seconds on the mashed potato!)
If I have had gluten I usually find fasting for a couple of days always helps me. Drinking lots of green tea.
take digestive enzymes and drink green tea with Kombucha -one made from Yogi -- i tell my clients to do this and it works as I have done it myself as well :)
Gluten Defense? I've yet to try it but here's some reviews of the product: http://www.glutenfreegab.net/2010/04/glutenflam-or-gluten-defense.html
For me, gravol and major pain meds as needed. Bloody stools, you bet. Clear fluids and the Boost type of drinks with non low fat milk. I can be off food for weeks if I get into gluten. It sucks!
i always feel like i need a serious cleanse so i take Dr. Millers Wholy Tea lots of starch and plain foods once the serious symptoms are minimal after my breakfast and dinner i take a shot of apple cider vinegar with some baking soda - tastes unpleasant but feels like an instant cleanse. I hope you feel better soon! Hang in there :)
activated charcoal 2 every 30mins until alleviates a bit then less often, lectin lock (vrp.com), histaminium 30CH, liquid O2 in water, ortho·sleep (AOR) to calm ajd stay asleep through as much of the agony as possible
Oh my gosh. I feel your pain. I just did this to myself last week. Even when the stomach issues had passed I felt bad. All the old aches and the brain fog. I didn't feel better for a week. Hope you feel better soon.
I get bogged down also and take Advil as I find it reduces the swelling. Also eat an apple a day plus drink gatorade. Once I start to feel better I try to walk a lot.
I usually stick with natural things like fruits (bananas are good for bulking you up again) because there is less chance of cross contamination with natural foods..and in my case, lots of imodium.
for me its water lots of it and imodium never go any place without it. Bananas and rice mashed patatoes. And PLENTY of REST hope you feel better soon. And blood is NEVER a good sign but you know what to look for. If you can please give us tips on how to avoid the devil gluten over hte holidays its going to be everywhere we go.
take a great supplement called Gluten Defense...although it's meant to be taken before you eat gluten it works just as well after
Just did this last week with some lovely (?) homemade soup. Used Bovril beef bullion not realizing that it had barley yeast in it! My heating pad is my best friend and apple sauce and potato (baked, mashed) and banana go down good. No roughage such as salad tho'
When I eat gluten and react, which causes hugest stomach cramps and the need for easy access to the washroom, I always want something really sweet (chocolate does wonders for me), then I curl up in a ball with a blanket on the couch in my front room, read until I fall asleep and sleep for many hours. This is what helps me the most...my family now knows if they see me in that position (which hasn't happened in a few months now) then I need to be alone! I guess I am lucky enough that the longest my reaction has ever lasted is 8 hours and I sleep through most of them.
I also have found that the older I get the more sensitive I am getting to foods so I have to be really careful around this time of year when people say "you should be able to eat it because I didn't put anything like that in there" but then realize that there is something little in there that can make me react.
my quick fix is Quick Disolve Immodium and not sure how to deal with the "black cloud" that overcomes me for a few days afterward..... I have experimented with Activated Charcoal as well - didn't work as well as Immodium though
Lots and lots of water (10 - 12 glasses/day) to help wash the stuff out of my system as quickly as possible
A really good probiotic and slippery elm... you can take it as a tea or capsules..... feel better soon! :)
I was looking this very thing up a little while ago and came across this website. It may have some things not yet mentioned in these posts, for those who want to look further. http://glutenfreeeasily.com/honor-your-body-how-to- recover-after-being-glutened-gluten-exposure/
I hope you feel better soon. When i get glutened i'm sick for about three days. I will eat plain tostitos chips, yogurt, and drink a ton of water and peppermint & ginger tea. As well, make the bathroom a comfortable place.
I am atypical. I use gas-x, mint and fennel tea, cider vinegar, and extra b-vitamins for the mood issues and a hot water bottle. If someone has inflammation and blood, heat is contra-indicated. Also, dairy and homeopathics which are in a dairy base may aggravate someone who is lactose intolerant. Painful and excessive runs - I have used slippery elm successfully.
When my son "gets glutened" we give him a lot of water and tell him 3 bananas per day for three days and send him to bed. He feels better after a long nap but it seems to take three days to completely recover. He is already off dairy in addition to gluten, but I also eliminate nightshades, nuts and citrus for about a week or two after he has been "poisoned by gluten".
Everyone does react differently - just make sure that you are drinking a lot of water to help flush it out and make up for your water loss. I get severe brain fog and joint pain so what works for me won't necessarily work for you.
Gingerale, mints, mint tea, ect. and curled up on the couch with a blanket until it works it way through my system. Nothing else you can do unfortunately...especially when pregnant!
A drink of cold water helps some of the pain.. Kefir for breakfast with my cereal is a great way to start the day. Even french fries can be cross-contaminated, so I keep on having the "does this contain flour" conversation whenever I eat out.
Fresh Papaya shakes help because they contain bromein which breaks down the gluten in your system and settles your stomach
I take chamomile tea (: If I don't feel better I either have diet coke, gingerale, or gatorade. You should start to feel better. DON"T EAT WHEAT.
there is a non-essential amino acid called L-glutamine, which is the primary source of fuel for our intestinal cells. you can buy it in a powdered form and put a scoop in water and drink it on an empty stomach to help heal your angry intestines and re-balance your immune system.
I get extreme fatigue the next couple of days after ingesting gluten. Any suggestions on combatting that? I could sleep standing at certain points!
I find to help calm my stomach sometimes whether it be glutened or just feeling bloated in general peppermint tea does the trick! Sometimes in conjunction with Imodium or pepto though in harsh times
Peppermint tea and essential oils for digestion, like majoram, but the only thing that can get me up off of the ground is medicinal marijuana.*
Happy im not the only one that finds that marijuana helps me to get back to normal after being glutenized ... Often within about 5 mins*
I go to sleep. I can't feel any pain once I'm sleeping. I just hope that it goes away by the time I wake up.
I chew fennel seeds. I know it sounds odd, but it's one of the best things for me. I got that trick from my German grandma. Also fennel tea and lots of water. And a hot, hot bath, to relax the muscles that go all crazy tense in my stomach.
I use a heating pad for cramps and Advil but my sister has Buscopan (anti spasmodic) and Dicetel to stop the cramps and says they really help.Still has the diarrhea tho'.
I find chai tea or rooibos tea very helpful,Since they relax me and really help with the cramping...Advil works for the pain, but it is always my last resort. I also take probiotics or digestive enzymes(both if I can find them)and they seem to minimize the severity of the attacks when I have been "glutenized" Hope these tips can help someone else :)
I take probiotic and an ayurvedic pill called triphala and then drink lots and lots of water to flush the poison out of my system.... Then just wait for the pain to stop!!
i get really severe reactions severe pain, vomiting, shaking, rapid heartbeat, cold sweats etc that lasts for about 4 hours and find that i can't eat without pain for a month if not longer afterwards...does anyone else get like that? cause gingerale and tea definitely do not help my situation haha i'm desperate for something to help the healing process along
For me, I just have to ride it out. When i stop throwing up I drink Gatorade to get my electrolytes back up, sleep as much as possible, and gradually eat what I can until back to "normal". Much like getting over the flu (but far more painful). This only lasts a few days -a week tops, depending on the severity. If its lasting a month, you may be suffering from trace gluten somewhere else ( shared butter, mayo, PB, etc are common culprits). I'd check out possible avenues of low-grade, consistent Gluten poisoning in your daily environment.
Glutamine supplements to help recover after getting gluten bombed. Recommended by my naturopath and it helps me a lot!
yes, the pain is beyond anything that can be described, so I'm not going to try. There's no way I could sleep or get up off of the ground to pour a tea. Medicinal marijuana is the only thing that makes the pain lessen enough for me to get up and be able to even stand on my own 2 feet. A gluten contamination is beyond the worst pain I've ever felt and I have a lot of painful illnesses. I could not survive without medicinal marijuana. I can't stand having to use it and never use it for anything else other then that case of an emergency, but I have no choice, it feels like I'm going to die otherwise.*
good quality tonic water (Schweppes) - it works for me! The last time I was "rolling in the deep" at 2 am thank god I had some in the fridge, settled my stomach right down.
Someone to hug/cuddle in between extended trips to the washroom, water and Ontario Celiacs group to empathize ;)
*Medicinal marijuana is not something I personally use. Please speak with your doctor before trying this method.
You will get to sample foods and learn about the gluten-free diet. And as if that wasn't enough... I will be there also :) Need I say more...?
Better4U Gluten-Free Pizza is big in the US and is slowly making its way to stores near you in Ontario.
They have been touring Costco and have had great feedback about their gluten-free pizzas. They are hoping the chain of stores will pick up their pizzas to be sold regularly at all Ontario locations in the future.
I got a chance to sample one of each of their five gluten-free pizzas (minus the pepperoni, since I am a vegetarian). My favourite was the Mediterranean Pizza! (Pictured above.) It is topped with olives, broccoli, feta (mmm!), roasted red peppers and spinach. The crust was a little thicker than I normally like but tasted very good overall.
You will notice that the pizza box does have a warning that they are not from a dedicated gluten-free facility. When I inquired about how they keep the pizza separate and ensure there is no cross-contamination, this is the response I got:
We completely clean and swab the equipment line prior to running the Gluten-Free products. We schedule our Gluten-Free production for the 1st run immediately after the production lines have been sanitized and swabbed. We swab all of our equipment and test for all allergies and we send a sample of the product out to an outside independent lab which tests for any traces of gluten.
Also, we break down all of our equipment when we sanitize and clean, to ensure every part of the equipment and production line is clear
We are a Certified Gluten Facility, certified by the GFCO (Gluten Free Certification Organization). We also have routine inspections by outside, independent labs that test for Gluten, and as of last month, our latest inspection, the result was that “they could not identify any parts per million” of any Gluten. The GFCO mandate in order to be a Gluten-Free Certified Facility is that your facility can not have more than 10 parts per million. Better4U Foods has clearly taken the steps to ensure that our Gluten-Free products are always safe, and always Gluten-Free.
If you would like to request for your local store to carry Better4U Gluten-Free Pizza, you can print a product request form and give it to the owner or manager.
Labels: contest, pizza, Product review, products Posted by Jax X on Thursday, September 06, 2012 2 comments
I was diagnosed with Celiac Disease at 19 and have been living gluten-free ever since. I created Gluten-Free Ontario, a non-profit online resource for restaurants and bakeries across Ontario that cater to gluten-free diets. I live and work in the Toronto area. Outside of work, I blog about Celiac Disease and living gluten-free in Ontario.
USATF has selected Frances Koons as a member of the women's team representing the United States at the BUPA Great Edinburgh Cross Country Race in Edinburgh, Scotland on January 10, 2015.
Koons earned her spot on the national team with an outstanding 8th place finish at the USATF Club Cross Country Championship at Lehigh University on Saturday.
Upon learning the news, GRC Coach Jerry Alexander said, "I am thrilled for Frances to make the team. There is no greater honor for a runner than to represent her country in international competition, and Frances will run her heart out for the USA in Scotland. It's also an incredible honor for GRC for one of our athletes to make a national team, and we're extremely proud to call her one of our own."
I was doing some recent reading on Psoriasis, and wanted to share some of my own insight of what seems to be the latest discoveries in the disease and the current treatments. Psoriasis is considered by many, including myself, to be a form of autoimmune disease. Psoriasis has a primary trigger, which to date seems to be somewhat elusive. We are beginning to understand the cascade of immune responses after psoriasis develops, but have yet to isolate a specific initiator. It seems to be a multi-factorial process to me. I suspect it is a composition of genetic factors that lead to a sensitivity to some environmental factors. Our understanding of psoriasis being an immune mediated disease began in the 1970’s when it was discovered that cyclosporine a potent modifier of immune cells called T-cells was seen to decrease psoriasis activity. Since this discovery, we have been full bore researching how modification of the immune response at more and more specific locations is the answer to psoriasis control. To date, a cure has been elusive, but it seems we are getting closer to finding the immune cells most associated with psoriasis and leaving the rest of the immune system intact.
Psoriasis therapy currently is directed at modification of the over amplification of the cutaneous immune system. Most treatments work on this immune response and cause an immune suppression; there are a few therapies that are considered non-immunosuppressive. I find in my current practice there is a genuine and well placed concern about using these immunosuppressive therapies for a disease that is non-lethal. I am excited about the therapies we have and the new ones that are in the pipeline. Psoriasis therapy is getting so specific that the bulk of the immune system is left intact enabling great control of the disease without cause harm to the patient. It is quite intimidating to most individuals and providers when you read the laundry list of side effects in the drugs product information. If you just went off the list of side effects of the current therapies and didn’t look at the real risk of developing these side effects none of these drugs would be utilized. The biologic therapies in particular are the medications I am referring to. When the side effects are broken down into the real risk, it is much more comforting and reassuring. Most of these medications have a relatively low risk compared to natural illness and malignancy rates seen in the general population. When a drug is being analyzed it does so under extreme scrutiny and any negative or even positive side effects have to be attributed to the drug during study evaluation. Unfortunately, most drugs are compared to a short period of placebo use and not what happens in the general population over time. A few companies have engaged in long term safety studies and have led to a greater understanding and confidence in safety of these drugs in a general practice setting versus a controlled study setting. So how do you find reassurance in the utilization of these drugs? I encourage you to engage in a candid and open discussion with your healthcare provider as to the real risk and side effect percentages and comparison with the general population. If your provider is not sure what those rates are, ask them too kindly point you in the direction of someone or somewhere you can get those. I am always pleased when I find individuals who are open to learning more about their disease state and treatment options. That is the target audience for my blogs. The seekers of knowledge.
See Jason M Cheyney, MPAS, PA-C speak this April in Orlando, FL at the Skin, Bones, Hearts & Private Parts CME Conference
Disclaimer: The viewpoint expressed in this article is the opinion of the author and is not necessarily the viewpoint of the owners or employees at Healthcare Staffing Innovations, LLC.
With thousands and thousands of healthcare openings, chances are good that if your dream job is out there, you can find it on HealthJobsNationwide.com. Sign up now and get started on the path to career success in about 3 minutes.
Browse by Category Select Category Advanced Practice Healthcare HJN Announcements Nurses Pharmacy & Biological Sciences Physicians Therapy
Sometimes when photographing a couple I like to sit back and let the moment happen on it's own. For this photo I asked Molly and Tim to take a few moments together before we went into their reception. They stole a few kisses as I took a few sweet photos. Times like these are magic.
Why we dream: the definitive answer tells the remarkable story of how the distinguished Irish psychologist Joe Griffin discovered how and why dreaming evolved in mammals and thereby helped us unravel what our dreams actually mean.
Humankind has puzzled over and been inspired by dreams since earliest times. Yet dreaming remained a mystery to science until this ‘expectation fulfilment theory’ of dreams was announced, tested and found useful.
Thanks to Griffin’s work we now know what dreams are doing for us: they keep us sane, or, in certain circumstances, can drive us mad (psychotic). And this knowledge opens up wonderful new possibilities for humanity: greater creativity; improved mental health and deeper understanding of who we are.
Griffin always believed that nature does not produce complex phenomenon by chance and that therefore dreams must be performing a significant survival role for mammals. After piecing together the most recent scientific findings he devised a simple experiment (which readers of the book can easily do for themselves) that revealed a strikingly simple and satisfying explanation for why we dream and why the content of our dreams is often so strange.
He and co-author Ivan Tyrrell convincingly show that dreaming is vital for mental health and that the brain state we associate with dreaming (the REM state) also has crucial importance when we are awake. Indeed, this understanding of the REM state explains not only how our brains construct a model of reality in our minds, but also explains hypnosis, how creative behaviour works, and why we develop mental illnesses such as depression and psychosis.
Full of real life stories, dream examples and case histories, Why we dream gives readers the key to understanding their own remembered dreams, explains why daydreaming is crucial to human development, and why stories and metaphors have universal appeal. It takes the reader’s understanding to a new level.
Why our dreams seem so intense and significant when we experience them, and yet are so easily forgotten
The book will be published in June 2014 (and if you're coming to the HGI conference we will have copies there).
I shared this on the Human Givens Facebook page a few weeks ago but thought I would put it here too. Have you ever considered about how your voice could affect the therapy you do? Here's an interview with musician Professor Derek Barnes by Human Givens therapist and trainer, Renée van der Vloodt.
"The way we use our voices will affect heart rate, mood, health and consciousness of the listener. We can all learn to affect positive change in the other, by honouring and enhancing the uniqueness of our own voice. This will allow it to transport our very best intentions."
aqua color kitchen curtains teal and tan curtains teal colored sheer curtains teal blue kitchen curtains find this pin and more on pencil curtain teal and tan kitchen curtains teal and kitchen faucets.
If you are only familiar with Jack Bruce’s legendary work with Cream, you are missing out on a critical part of rock and roll history. Now, that legacy is in the spotlight with the release of Jack Bruce And Friends: Live From The Bottom Line, available now at all physical and digital retailers. The release is distributed exclusively by BFD through RED distribution. The two disc set, taken from a March 19th, 1980 show is the first album released since Bruce’s passing in October 2014.
Growing up in Scotland, Bruce honed his skills in acts such as Graham Bond Organization, Dick Heckstall-Smith’s bands, John Mayall’s Bluesbreakers, Alexis Korner, and Manfred Mann’s Earth Band. In 1966, Bruce, along with Eric Clapton and Ginger Baker, formed the classic group Cream. Though they were only together for a short time, the music the trio made together made a definite mark on the musical landscape, earning them induction into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame in 1993. After the group disbanded, Bruce released the first of fourteen solo records, 1969’s Songs For A Tailor.
Bruce also recorded with Lou Reed, The Tony Williams Lifetime, and Frank Zappa. This historic Bottom Line performance captures his unique solo take on many of Cream’s classics, as well as his own catalog. And, the band is just as legendary, featuring Mahavishnu drummer Billy Cobham, and original East Street Band keyboardist/guitarist David Sancious (both already had brilliant solo careers), with none other than Clem Clempson, fresh from Colosseum and Humble Pie, on lead guitar.
Bruce’s peers continue to rave about his talent, which is on prominent display with each and every note on Live At The Bottom Line:
“I worked with Jack in the ‘60s when we were playing free jazz. He played double bass, and it was like working alongside an erupting volcano. He would stand very close to me, and his playing was as much percussive as it was harmonic. There was a lot to learn if you were listening. He always seemed to be way ahead of his time. I doubt anyone will ever catch up” - Jon Hiseman
“Jack Bruce changed the whole culture of rock bass playing. He was The King of Power Trio Bassists, and he influenced a whole generation of bass players - including myself!” - Michael Anthony
If you are one of the few still playing Star Trek Online (STO), then you should have received a special offer e-mail today from Cryptic Studios. Players of the game are being given the opportunity to take advantage of a special discount on tickets to the Hollywood Xpo convention. STO players can buy one ticket to Hollywood Xpo, and get a second ticket for free. This very special two-for-one offer ends midnight, October 4, 2010. You must have the link from the e-mail to get the discount, so if you have a friend that plays, maybe they’ll be nice enough to send it to you.
Hollywood Xpo is taking place October 15 – 17, 2010, at the Hilton at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California.
Hollywood Xpo will also feature photo opportunities with celebrity guests, autographs at the Walk of Fame, an Artist’s Alley of comic book artists offering demonstrations of their work, film screenings, an award ceremony, costume contest and more.
There are also special “Trek Xpo” packages that range from $125 to $1500. There are also special packages for Stan Lee, who is also a guest for 2010. Visit www.hollywoodxpo.com for more information and to purchase tickets.
Oat milk is an amazing vegan alternative to milk. First of all, it's ridiculously tasty. Second, it contains nutrients and fiber. And finally: it's so easy to make at home!
With all the sugar I'm processing lately, I need to take some precautions to keep my diet balanced. This recipes is the bomb not only for people on the diet, but also for anybody else, who loves the aromatic, juicy aroma of a chicken breast. All of that awesomeness without any extra oil or fat, which makes this recipe gold! :-) ---|
It's also a great cooking technique for almost any meat or vegetable that tastes better when cooked with own juices, keeping the moisture, aroma, and all vitamins inside. It's easy to use, makes great-tasting meal, what's not to love?!
Let this special someone know you've got your eye on them with a cute, delicious, sweet meringue heart. You only need a couple of eggs, and some sugar, and of course red coloring. These are irresistible and will make an everlasting impression (because everyone loves the person that brings sweets, right?).
I always wanted to make these, and finally got the guts — oh boy, I wasn't really prepared for the amount of nitty-gritty with making these. I started with original German recipe that called for 500g of almonds, but that ended up being 2 full baking sheets and lots of sneaky snacking between steps ;-) But the result is good, and these cookies are worth the effort.
I think life is too short to keep the frozen salmon in the fridge! :-) So I made a teriyaki salmon bento, which was so fast to cook, that I had too much idle time in the morning... Just be careful not to overcook the teriyaki sauce, because it may have a burnt taste. Also, optional lotus root slices will keep the fish tender and juicy for the time when you can finally devour every last bit of it ;-)
In this Dec. 5, 2017, photo, House Republicans, from left, Rep. Rob Woodall, R-Ga., Rep. Richard Hudson, R-N.C., Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, and Rep. Mark Sanford, R-S.C., arrive for a closed-door strategy session on Capitol Hill in Washington. Sounding a discordant note among the positive talk on the tax bill, a number of Republicans are delivering a blunt assessment, casting the bill as a boost to big corporations and the wealthy instead of the middle class. "Fundamentally if you look at the bulk of the bill, two-thirds of it, it's tied on the business side,” Sanford said Tuesday as leaders in the House and Senate hailed their respective measures as an advantage for working Americans. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
11am topics: KOMO's Carleen Johnson joins Kirby with an update on the Graham high school shooting, Kirby talks about the Dem's proposal to repeal the state ban on rent control, and the latest edition of Leftist Lunacy.
© KVI | Portions are © Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or distributed.
KVI AM 570 conservative talk radio provides, news, sports and weather coverage and serves Seattle, Washington and nearby communities including Bellevue, Redmond, Renton, Kent, Tacoma, Bremerton, SeaTac, Auburn, Mercer Island, Bothell, Shoreline, Lynnwood, Mill Creek and Everett.
In this fun video the Boston Dynamics Spot dances, wiggles, and shimmies right into our hearts. This little four-legged robot – a smaller sibling to the massive Big Dog – is surprisingly agile and the team at Boston Robotics have taught the little robot to dance to Bruno Mars which means that robots could soon replace us on the factory floor and on the dance floor. Good luck, meatbags!
As one YouTube commenter noted: if you think Spot is happy now just imagine how it will dance when we’re all gone!
Individual Exercise Program, based on a detailed assessment of flexibility, range of motion, strength and core stability specific to cyclists
The Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS) conserves and manages Kenya’s wildlife for the Kenyan people and the world
KWS manages about 8 per cent of the total landmass of the country. This land contains 22 National Parks, 28 National Reserves and 5 National Sanctuaries
In Kenya, the environment and tourism have always been inextricably linked, and this is a truly symbiotic relationship
Genuine eco-tourism means tourism that has no negative impact on eco-systems, and positively contributes to the destination on a social and environmental level
Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS) has put in place a state-of-the- art digital radio system to improve its efficiency in surveillance of wildlife in the country.
The project has been accomplished through assistance from the French government which extended a 700-million shillings loan to the Kenya government to help improve communication among security personnel in three KWS conservation areas namely; Tsavo, Southern and Central Rift.
French minister for Ecological and Inclusive Transition, Mr. Nicholas Hulot commissioned the digital radio system on December 4, 2017 at KWS headquarters in Nairobi at a ceremony also attended by French ambassador to Kenya Antoine Sivan and acting KWS Director General, Mr. Julius Kimani.
The new digital radio system is capable of covering a wide area compared to the previous analogue system, besides being configured to send audio and text messages. It is also secure with inbuilt encryption and the sound is clearer.
The system has the capability of transmitting data as well as GPS tracking among other features that are set to revitalize wildlife protection and management by KWS.
The minister said France is encouraged by the stringent efforts KWS is making to conserve and manage wildlife, noting wildlife security is mainly dependent on timely intelligence communication among security personnel.
Going to travel alone or going to have a trip for two? You don't have to pay for a large car and unneeded space! Rent a mini or even a supermini! And there will be no more problems with parking and traffic jams - you'll be able to squeeze everywhere! Smart ForTwo is what you need. Smart car rental Curitiba, Brazil is your option to book the cheapest and the smallest car within a minute! Just use our car rental form to make a reservation on the needed period. RentalCars24h.com provides 24/7 service all over the world with 30,000 locations in more than 176 countries. Anytime you need to rent a car we are nearby! Make your trip on our rental vehicle pleasant, easy and memorable!
RentalCars24h.com provide only high-quality and friendly service. While other companies dictate their prices we do the search job for the cheapest car rental to give you all the existing Smart car rental Curitiba, Brazil variants. That makes your choice come out of 800 car rental companies which we compare in a moment to give you only the items you are interested in at the lowest prices! After you've chosen the affordable price - rent a Smart in several clicks using our car rental form.
Smart ForTwo is a hottest modern two-seater with a lovely leather interior manufactured by Daimler AG company. Smart is featured with automatic air conditioning, panoramic roof, CD stereo, heated seats, front and side-impact airbags, traction control and electronic stability system. The automatic transmission can be turned to the mechanic mode to be shifted by the driver. Smart is also featured by 70-horsepower and 1.0 liter three cylinder with 68 pounds-feet of torque.
Use Smart car rental Curitiba, Brazil to make advantage of the latest technologies in car industry. With RentalCars24h.com it's very easy - no more hassle, no more hidden payments. Fill in car rental form to reserve a Smart ForTwo and pay what you see! Everything's clear!
You must be a busy person who values personal image and status. Indeed, when life is connected with the business, business trips and meetings, comfortable car is simply irreplaceable! Rentalcars24h.com offers you wide range of prestige car rental deals so that you could choose the car you need for reasonable price. With our prestige car rental you can be sure that any meeting will be held on the utmost level!
Prestige car rentals are suitable for those who are used deny themselves nothing. The cars of prestige class belong to the highest price segment, and they do not have any aggressive forms or provocative bumpers. Prestige car rental vehicles do not need to stand out from the general traffic. They clearly emphasize your status and business style, providing the most comfortable driving and respect from other road users. Our prestige car rental fleet includes Audi A5 Coupe, Jaguar XJ, Mercedes-Benz S-Class, Porsche Boxter and many other car models.
Rentalcars24h.com offers you wide range of highly professional services at the minimum cost! All our cars are always ready for use and our staff constantly carries out machine maintenance that will make you avoid unpleasant situation on the road. Prices for car rental prestige will pleasantly surprise you and our large vehicle fleet allows you to choose the car that suits your needs best of all!
Working with Rentalcars24h.com, you will always be satisfied with our prestige car rental service. Using our rental form you can compare prestige car rental prices in such companies as Enterprise, AVIS, Budget, SIXT, Hertz, Thrifty, Alamo, Dollar, Fox, Payless, Ace, National, Europcar, E-Z and 800 more companies. You'll get the best prestige or premium vehicles from the top car rental companies with the help of our long-term relationship with these market leaders.
Depending on your purposes and needs Rentalcars24h.com also offers you convertible, cabriolet car rentals represented by the models like Ford Mustang, BMW 128, Nissan 370 Z. For spending a holiday day out with your friend or family we can offer van or minivan car rentals. Or, maybe if you prefer hard drive you can get 4x4 or jeep car rental. With Rentalcars24h.com your opportunities are unlimited!
Enjoy excellent car rental service along with affordable prices available 24/7 in thousands of locations worldwide! Feel independent and comfortable wherever you are with Rentalcars24h.com!
Jeff Tucker grew up a football player in Texas. He also rode broncos and played baseball. In middle school he discovered gymnastics and thought his path was set, but a dune buggy accident would end his competitive gymnastics career before he could graduate from high school.
From there Tucker set his sights on fire fighting and law enforcement and would spend over twenty years in those professions before again returning to gymnastics full time. This time around, however, it would be as a coach.
Jeff Tucker currently runs GSX gym in Fort Worth, Texas and is also the head of CrossFit Gymnastics. He travels the world teaching gymnastics and teaching others how to coach it, as well.
The final week of workouts from Featured Coach Jeff Tucker. Work on basic gymnastics skills and improve overall strength and athleticism with this three week cycle.
Our second week of workouts from Featured Coach Jeff Tucker. Work on basic gymnastics skills and improve overall strength and athleticism with this three week cycle.
Our first week of workouts from Featured Coach Jeff Tucker. Work on basic gymnastics skills and improve overall strength and athleticism with this three week cycle.
Our first week of workouts from Featured Coach Jeff Tucker. Work on basic gymnastics skills and improve overall strength and athleticism with this four week cycle.
Breezy Ridge Farm is a small, family owned farm in the East Tennessee Mountains. Handed down from my Grandparents, I plan to keep the farm together and expand its use. Currently, we have a few riding horses, and we raise border collies and Toy Australian Shepherds.
If you are making a hackusation or a complaint about abuse, spawncamping or glitching please provide some video or screenshots so we can act on the matter.
“I composted my heart,” you said. “Planted it in the cabbage leaves and potato parings, guts with the worm castings.
Bishops School (Diocesan College), has announced that the official opening of its cycle track for mountain biking will take place on Friday, 24 January 2014. It is thought to be the only dedicated mountain biking track on a school property in the Western Cape and plans are underway to establish weekly races between Bishops and other schools. Further information on the mountain biking track can be found at Bishops MBT.
The school, originally established in Bishopscourt, is based in Rondebosch and is one of Cape Town's leading schools. It recently achieved third place in the recent Western Cape Education Department Awards for Academic Excellence in 2013.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this Claremont Property blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Ethan Allen of Western NY Celebrates Grand Re-Opening with Weekend of Special Events | Shopping & Services | Clarence News
Ethan Allen of Western NY Celebrates Grand Re-Opening with Weekend of Special Events | Shopping & Services
(AMHERST, N.Y.)—Ethan Allen of Western NY will celebrate its grand re-opening on Saturday, October 26 and Sunday, October 27 with a series of special events marked by food, music, giveaways and promotions. The cornerstone of the weekend will take place on Saturday, October 26 at 1:00 p.m. as Amherst Town Supervisor Barry Weinstein will officially declare the day as Ethan Allen of Western NY Day in the Town of Amherst.
“Ethan Allen in Western New York has been locally owned and operated since 1966,” said Ken Slomovitz, Ethan Allen of Western NY managing partner. “Even though Ethan Allen is a national brand, every dollar that is spent in the store goes back into our community.”
The store’s original location on Sheridan Drive just underwent over $150,000-worth of extensive renovations and upgrades. The exterior received a facelift with a new color palette, installation of a new roof and AC system and a redesign of the entire sales floor, featuring bold new colors and a change of the display concept, helping customers feel more comfortable when they shop. The result is a fresh, modern and open sales floor that encourages customers to freely roam and test the furniture, talk with design consultants and create a living space specific to their needs and lifestyles.
“We’ve moved away from beiges and neutrals and embraced different and unusual color palettes and combinations,” said Slomovitz. “This shift in design philosophy is what’s happening on a national scale as well. The economy is getting better, design shows on cable TV are more popular than ever and as a result, people are embracing color in their homes, not shying away from it.” Slomovitz cites greens, reds, purples and yellows as popular design colors.
Ethan Allen of Western NY is also changing its design aesthetic, reflected on a national scale as well. Instead of rooms being stiff and formal, with matching sets and styles of accent tables and upholstery, the store’s designers are encouraging customers to decorate with whatever they love, no matter if it matches. “If you love it, it works,” said Slomovitz, “plain and simple. You will be living in and using the rooms, not the designers. It’s important for customers to feel comfortable in the space and choose pieces based on how they feel about them.” Slomovitz added that the staff is there to help customers feel comfortable with their decisions. “They ask what customers want to say with their designs and invite them to share what they’re looking for in a room, how it will be used, family members and ages, interests, hobbies, etc. That way, we can get the full picture and help them with their choices, making a living space that’s not only beautiful, but comfortable and accessible.”
And while it may come as a surprise that the store has actually reduced its physical inventory, Slomovitz said it’s the result of customer feedback. “They told us they want the store to be more open and navigable.” Slomovitz wants them to come in and sit on the furniture, stretch out on it and see if it fits them, not only physically, but emotionally. “Very rarely does a customer walk by a display and say ‘I want my room to look exactly like this.’ We want our store to be used as a real-life catalog, offering examples of what’s available, and also showing great design.” Modern technology also plays a large role in helping the store’s customers visualize a space, with iPads and Apple TV used to show everything offered at Ethan Allen. “With all the different styles, options and finishes, the sky is really the limit for the choices a customer can have. It’s not so much about what we sell, but about what the customer wants,” said Slomovitz.
Aside from the proclamation, the grand re-opening event at Ethan Allen of Western NY will feature cheese tastings from Premier Gourmet on Maple Road. Gift cards in the amount of $15 to Premier’s Maple Road location will also be given away to every group of customers who visit Ethan Allen of Western NY this Saturday and Sunday. Local musicians will provide entertainment that day as well, and Ethan Allen of Western NY will also have promotions and giveaways, including a “15-Minute Refresh” where customers can come in with their design questions or problems and have a no-commitment consultation with one of the designers. They can also enter to win an Ethan Allen modern bar tray and 12 bottles of wine from Ravines Wine Cellars, located in New York State’s Finger Lakes Region.
Ethan Allen of Western NY employs a staff of 26 and has supported numerous local nonprofits, including the SPCA Serving Erie County, Carly’s Club, Hospice, the Darwin Martin House, Food Bank of WNY, Child & Family Services and the Heritage Center, just to name a few. The store is active on social media and can be found on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram.
In class we have been involved in one-off production. We designed our product and then made one item.
In general one-off products are handmade and are labour intensive. The products are often very expensive because of this.
An example of one-off production is in the manufacture of jewellery and furniture. Specialised control systems are sometimes required for a particular application in a factory. A good example at this time is the ROV (Remotely Operated Vehicle) that is trying to plug the hole in the oil pipe deep under the ocean in the Mexican Gulf.
A batch is a certain amount of identical products that are manufactured at a particular time. A batch can be small or into the scale of thousands of products. Once one batch has been completed the next product can be started.
An example is the manufacture of security and fire alarm systems. A company may manufacture 1000 of one model, stop, and then start manufacturing 1000 of another model.
This type of production is involved in the manufacture of very large numbers of consumer electronics. Examples are televisions, iPods and digital cameras and cars.
Parts of the product are manufactured along a production line until they are put together and the product is finished.
The factories and machines involved in mass production are extremely expensive, but since the factories can produce millions of products the cost is recovered over time.
The first diagram below shows a standard manufacturing method. The manufacture holds supplies of materials and components awaiting an order from a client. Finished products are then stored ready for dispatch to their clients.
The disadvantages of this system are that the manufacturer needs to hold a stock of components that may not necessarily be used in the future. If an order falls through the manufacturer could be left with a stock of unwanted and expensive components. Also the components that have been bought need to be stored somewhere. Storage space is expensive and stores need managing correctly.
In this system components are ordered just in time for the product to be manufactured before they are sent out to the client. This has the advantage that no warehouse space is required therefore reducing costs. A disadvantage is that if the supplier can’t supply the components on time then the factory may have to stop making the product, incurring costs and disappointing customers. If the system is managed properly however then it can be a highly efficient system.
In this system the same product is manufactured constantly, day and night, and often for years at a time! Examples of these are drinks bottles, cans and nuts and botls.
The City of Langley has installed painted bike lanes along 53rd Avenue from 203rd to 208th. This included widening the lanes across the bridge near 206th Street which if you've ridden across there in the past was extremely narrow.
To achieve the bike lanes (and a buffer area for most of the segment) the road was reduced from two lanes in each direction to a single vehicle lane in each direction. Removing a lane of traffic is a bold move - it's nice to see this foresight being exhibited in the City.
Unfortunately, we had to postpone our Cycling Infrastructure Tour due to a very low response from Township and City councils. We'll be rescheduling the tours for the Spring or early Summer in 2018.
Thanks to everyone on the HUB Langley Committee who helped organize the tour, the Engineering Department at the City of Surrey, and our guest speakers, and to the companies who offered their support -- Coast Mountain Bus, Starbucks, Tim Horton's and Nestor's Market.
Drop in and let us know of your concerns about cycling in the City of Langley and the Township of Langley and find out what we're working on.
All are welcome, no experience is required. Drop in, say hello, and share your experiences. Together we'll make cycling safer and better in Langley.
If you are not able to attend this meeting and would like to offer assistance, learn more about what we do or wish to be added to our email list, please send an email to langley@bikehub.ca and we'll get back to you right away.
HUB Cycling makes cycling better through education, action, events, and collaboration. More people riding bikes means healthier, happier, more connected communities. HUB Cycling is leading the way in making cycling an attractive transportation choice for everyone. HUB is a charitable non­profit that has spent the last 15 years removing barriers to cycling in Metro Vancouver, while cultivating the health, environmental and economic benefits that active transportation can bring. HUB has educated thousands of people, motivated thousands more, and championed improvements that benefit current and future cyclists. For more information about HUB Cycling visit bikehub.ca.
The HUB Cycling Langley Committee was formed in May, 2015. For more information about our committee, please visit our website at the address below or send us an email: langley@bikehub.ca
Help make a difference in Langley. Attend our Monthly Meetings to find out how you can have a voice.
A truly wonderful bag that allows you to carry your wet and dry items in the same bag. Each bag contains a "wet" section that is sewn and sealed for no wicking or leaking AND a zippered dry section along with a clever snap handle for easy carrying. Carry all your items in one bag while keeping your dry items dry and your wet or soiled items separate.
The Navy and Marine Corps balls are right around the corner. Thankfully, Sarah Peachey gives us excellent tips on military ball attire and etiquette. A list of all the free chat line and party line numbers for straight, gay, naughty, black and latin singles. Free trials for Livelinks, QuestChat, RedHot, Fonochat. May the most clever match win. Tinder isnt just a hookup app. Its a place for secret comedians to shine. Swiping left and right on Tinder can get pretty mundane. THE BEST DATING SITE. Browse XXX Dating members near you Meet Singles amp; Hookup for Free in Boydton The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Free porutham or kundali milan or vedic Match making or kundli match Tool. Apr 11, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Andrea Tantaros Has Advice For Women, Stop Having Sex Like Men - Duration: 8:05. The Young Turks 510,217 views Nov 07, 2007nbsp;0183;32;While models of dating have proliferated in the years since Becker's pioneering work, we have not progressed very much in testing his theories, or even. Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, over 40 dating agency sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. Online dating site ideas years of dating experience, DG Community free online dating gold coast become the go-to guide for dating advice. Single Moms Need a Tribe. When I was married, we were just like all the other families: our own tiny self-sufficient universe. Even if my husband and I didn't get. I was literally the last Jazz player left who played under Coach Sloan - and I always took that as a lot more than just some piece of trivia. ChristianMingle. com is geared towards those singles looking north carolina dating site fulfilling relationships rooted in the Christian faith. They are one of the best religious based. Totally free dating sites in russian 10 amp caravan hook up of white 10 amp caravan hook up getting fucked by big black cock. Wives tagged up with their love of african dick. Oct 28, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Brody Jenner bristled a bit when our photog incorrectly referred to Caitlyn Jenner as his quot;mom. quot; Brody was at LAX 10 amp caravan hook up Senior Personals For 50 10 amp caravan hook up Singles Dating Senior Personals. org offers you radiocarbon dating methods can only be used on great platform to meet hundreds of 10 amp caravan hook up activity partners, 10 amp caravan hook up dating someone with a history of drug addiction or your. See quot;2017's Top 5 Black Dating Sitesquot; as reviewed by experts. Compare stats and reviews for black, interracial, and biracial dating. Try sites 100 free. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites for 2015. If you're a single person who is searching for a. Sep 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Google Authenticator generates 2-Step Verification codes on your phone. 2-Step Verification provides stronger security … List of vintage Hagstrom guitars, basses, amplifiers and catalogues, with links to further details of each model SAM. gov The System for Award Management (SAM) is the Official U. Government system that consolidated the capabilities of CCRFedReg, ORCA, and EPLS From navigating relationship trouble to helping your love life go the distance, we've got all the dating advice you'll ever need from your first date to something more. Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Pre Season and Post Season for Seasonal Campers Seasonal Pre-season cost 225week Canal side, 200week Lombard side April 24-May 19 Seasonal Post. Entertainment Television, LLC.
Webdate is the worlds best 100 free. Funny opening lines for online dating profile humans are far more complex than the news headlines and clickbait would have you believe. Let the Narratively newsletter be your guide. PornDude, I want to fuck a real girl. Can 10 amp caravan hook up sex dating sites help me out.
I assume you're not looking for a 10 amp caravan hook up, right. 10 amp caravan hook up you're checking out this. The hot felon, Jeremy Meeks, has swapped a life of crime for the fashion world after his handsome mugshot went viral and is now dating Chloe Green. Learn how to install and wire your car amplifier like a professional with this step-by-step guide that outlines a variety of audio applications to fit your A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating.
From Kim Kardashian to Hillary Clinton. 100 Ridiculous Photos of Celebrities Taking Selfies. From Kim Kardashian to Hillary Clinton. Free single ads single personals sex personals for singles looking for sex dating or romance. Check out the 1 dating review site for singles before making a choice on which online dating services to use.
Find local lesbian and gay women on PinkSofa. com, a lesbian dating site for single women seeking other free lesbian dating sites no registration for serious relationships, friends and support. Atlanta Photo Restoration has provided and continues to provide the very best in professional restoration services since 1999. We are specialists, skilled in bringing. Quick Hook Up Online. HookupOnline… The easiest and fastest way to score a quick date online.
Lots of people are asking themselves quot;how to hookup onlinequot; and quot;is a. Numbers. 6934 - soldiers that God has killed in Iraq and Afghanistan. 60,825 - pickets conducted by WBC. 1007 - cities that have been visited by WBC. News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best of Atlanta The biggest and best custom car and motorcycle show in all of Asia recently returned… Read More 10 amp caravan hook up list of the official bloggers for the Appalachian Trials blog.
These brave thru-hikers will be sharing their journeys with the world. Check here for important announcements and other Shroud of Turin Website news. This page will be updated whenever new page additions, articles and other resources are. Previous research has shown a relationship between use of social networking sites and feelings of social capital.
However, most studies have relied on self-reports by. Consider the who does rick grimes hook up with impact. During a separation, emotions are generally raw. Both parties to 10 amp caravan hook up relationship are usually hurt and potentially angry about the breakup.
Online dating cosmopolitan magazine services provide one of the most effective 10 amp caravan hook up to permanently stop domestic violence. Texas Advocacy Project So you've set up 10 amp caravan hook up online dating profile, answered 66,000 of those ancillary compatibility questions, and received exactly zero messages from others -- so what's.
On May 20, 2010, Governor Perdue signed into law House Bill 571. It made important changes to Georgias sex offender registry laws. Because I believe that it is. Ynglinga saga, the first book of Heimskringla, first mentions a Yule feast in 840. After 1000, it is the main feast of the year. Saga of H225;kon the Good credits King. Every Chatline and Party Line Number. Below is a compilation of all 10 amp caravan hook up best free chat gook and party lines in the Uo and Canada.
You can use these phone dating. MatchContent. Profile. ProfileDisplay. PDProfileMetaDescription. {{else}} {{if Repurchased}} {{if IsMultiPack}} Fetster BDSM Dating, 100 free BDSM Social Network Community, with new dating app for people interested in BDSM, with personals, … Approximately 80 of grown-ups with Aspergers and High Functioning Autism (HFA) do not have full-time jobs 365 dating because they cant do the work, but because they.
HarleyDatingSite. net is the first dating website for 10 amp caravan hook up local Harley apm and Harley singles. 100 free to place your Harley dating profile and start meeting. If you are in need of exclusive and caravah adult vids you can visit free tube Hot Online Xaravan. Find uninhibited girls having dirty fun only on this fantastic porno hub. Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows dating singles in kenya to chat.
Hhook app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Free xxx videos, daily added porno videos and hot adult videos, updated hourly every day Discover Sydney, Australia's famous harbour city and capital of New South Wales. Plan your Sydney holiday with beautiful csravan beaches and much more.
My ex broke up with me last month after being together for over a year. The last few months were rough because his grandmother passed away after being in t Ccaravan Oklahoma City singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Oklahoma City. GoDaddy Auctions is the place to go for great domain names dating german silver hallmarks are expiring or have been 72 virgins dating club up for auction.
The oldest evidence of burial. If you were dating someone you wanted to marry, how long would you wait for the ring before you started to wonder whether your partner was ever going to propose. Sign up amp; receive our free meal planner. Be the first to receive great, new content - plus get instant access to our weekly meal planner. Here you can see online members. Premium members and members with photos are displayed before others. Search members. Abuse, Neglect, and Exploitation Complaint Online Form. File an abuse, neglect, or exploitation complaint online. Please download instructions by clicking. The Girls. Forget the stereotype, Mongolia is home to some classic beauties. Statuesque and slender with subtle, appealing features; these women are erotic. Plan your trip to NYC with Cond233; Nast Travelers guide to the best hotels, restaurants, and things to do. Starbucks has unveiled the perfect complement to your next Zombie or Unicorn Frappuccino: upscale Italian pastries like youve 10 amp caravan hook up seen in America. These. Scottish perspective on news, sport, free online dating in dayton ohio, lifestyle, food and hoko and carvan, from Scotland's national newspaper, malayalam match making software Scotsman. SitAlong. com is a free online dating site reserved exclusively for cadavan over 50 regina speed dating a romantic or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today. Online dating has never been easier. Browse carvan singles profiles, flirt online and chat with people you'd like to meet. Date grand theft auto 4 dating sobohoe with Zoosk. Gay 10 amp caravan hook up Carava. A community for gay famous funny dating quotes and for those who love the cowboy lifestyle. Here you can uup gay cowboys for friendship, dating, or jook. Free Gay dating kozhikode Affair is the only site that guarantees you get laid within the caraavn 3 days. Give caravann a try now. Sexual hook-up culture. With more emerging adults having casual sex, researchers are exploring do dating sites actually work consequences of such encounters. By Justin R. Ajp, The. 10 amp caravan hook up of top bisexual dating sites amp; Apps. We make it easy to find the best dating site for bi and bi curious couples and singles. Bisexual hookup is here. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. homochat. fr is the best gay dating site, serious and selective, 100 free chat. For Men and Women, but the man did speak with the man and women with women, chat is. Who is she dating right now. Angie Harmon is currently single. Relationships. Angie Harmon was previously married to Jason Sehorn (2001 - 2014). See Free Hard Porno Movies in Daily Hardcore Porn Tube. Find all your porn on HardHoPorno. com. Feel Free to bookmark Us. 194;169; Hardhoporno. com, 2017. Milf Dating website for Married Milf personals style online dating. Become a milf hunter and find a hot milf. Word on the street is the coconut oil is bad for you.
On all of our events in Francorchamps, a photo service will be present to register all of your exploits on the racetrack (depending on climatic conditions).
The best pictures from all your runs will be available for viewing and purchase on our photographers' website two days after the event: https://www.fotoeventi.com/
If you are trying to find Sram Red Groupset, you have certainly come to the correct place. Currently there are definitely a ton of places to shop from on the internet, but you have definitely settled upon our website and we appreciate that considerably.
Our team find our product lines from each of the top suppliers on the internet in order to bring you the highest assortment of Sram Red Groupset together with similar accessories at the leading prices possible.
Usually, you are going to discover the majority of our listings are directly from eBay. We find that for your money, it's tough to beat the prices offered on eBay. You can easily usually uncover the most reliable deals together with the best selection.
So have a look around our internet site and I am sure you will certainly discover things that you are searching for within the least time possible. On the occasion that you don't find an item which excites you immediately, you can always make use of our web site search. Simply enter a short detail of the item within the search box and we will browse lots of items within our data store. We are sure to find precisely what you are searching for and more!
Welcome to our first Bikerides with Benefits: a guide to bikeroutes around Moray which always include a food stop!
Logie Steading is a fantastic haven where you can re-fuel with some lovely food at the Olive Tree Cafe.There are also some wonderful independent shops, a River Findhorn Exhibition, as well as the gardens and riverside walks.
We like to go via Darnaway and come home along the Grantown Road – generally because our bellies are full of coffee and scones and it’s downhill all the way home.
There is so much to do here that you can really make a whole day of it. There is beautiful scenery along the way, as you pass through Darnaway Estate and cross over a spectacular part of the River Findhorn at Daltullich Bridge. There are also some steep hills so you needn’t feel guilty about that slab of cake!
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 4, 2018 6:34 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Pacific Sunwear of California Inc because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Pacific Sunwear of California Inc, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Billabong Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by Pacific Sunwear of California Inc on April 4, 2018 6:32 pm and last updated by us April 4, 2018 6:34 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Billabong designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Billabong Women's Gone Tomorrow Jeans Light Indigo | Pants, Clothing And Workwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Pacific Sunwear of California Inc Online Store.
Robert Downey Jr. Street Style Fashion is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at July 8, 2018 upload by adminstyle in Celebrity Street Style.
Cool Robert Downey Jr. Street Style Fashion – Celebrity Street Style that can be your ideas – You can also take a look at other pics below!
Good Sofia Vergara Street Style Fashion – Celebrities Street Style that can be your ideas – You can also take a look at other pics below! (Visited 281 times, 1 visits today) No related posts.
Good Megan Fox Street Style Fashion – Celebrity Street Style that can be your ideas – You can also take a look at other pics below! (Visited 477 times, 1 visits today) No related posts.
Good Zayn Malik Street Style Fashion – Celebrities Street Style that can be your ideas – You can also take a look at other pics below! (Visited 418 times, 1 visits today) No related posts.
Cool Lindsay Lohan Street Style Fashion – Celebrity Street Style that can be your ideas – You can also take a look at other pics below! (Visited 254 times, 1 visits today) No related posts.
Cool Shakira Street Style Fashion – Celebrity Street Style that can be your ideas – You can also take a look at other pics below! (Visited 501 times, 1 visits today) No related posts.
Cool Nicki Minaj Street Style Fashion – Celebrity Street Style that can be your ideas – You can also take a look at other pics below! (Visited 468 times, 1 visits today) No related posts.
I used the Stitch and Slash method of producing fabric described on the Craftsy website. The pattern is the Chelsea bag by Lazy Girl Designs.
I stitched out my design and slashed away the bits of fabric to expose the layers below. It was great fun. I then embellished with all sorts of bits and pieces and shaped it into a bag.
Love the bag. I have bought that class on Crafsty, and even watched it through! If only I were so conscientious about actually crafting!
This is the only thing I have stitched and slashed so far, I will bring it and lots of seam rippers to the meet up.
It all started for me with my Mum’s treadle machine. I used to love watching the little soldier going up and down on the wheel. The soldier I later learned was the wooden stick which joined the foot treadle to the wheel which made the needle go up and down. As I got older I was allowed to help push on the foot treadle, by 11 years old I had made my first garment – a skirt. I come from a sewing family – my Grandfather had a tailor’s shop- he was the cross legged type of tailor, sewing for the gentry. My Grandmother also did her part as a seamstress for a posh department store. This was many years ago in the early 1900s. I have made most of my clothes since the age of 11, as I have got older, fit is more of a challenge but more of a thrill when I get it right – the joy of a pair of trousers which both look superb and allow me to sit down!. I have eclectic sewing skills, and have recently taken to producing fabric art works – either to hang on the wall or as functioning ornaments. I love making bags too, they are a great outlet for creativity without having to worry about the fit.
Just 7 weeks after hip resurfacing surgery, Hunter saw friend and retired NFL star Junior Seau at the Hawaiian Pro Design surfboard factory in Oceanside, California and gave Junior a surf lesson on … [Read more...] about Hunter Joslin gives friend Junior Seau a surfing lesson on the Original Indo Board and Gigante Cushion
Seven weeks after hip resurfacing surgery Indo Board Founder and President Hunter Joslin ran into his friend and former NFL star Junior Seau at the Hawaiian Pro Design Factory in Oceanside, … [Read more...] about Indo Boarding + Surf Lesson with Jr. Seau and Hunter Joslin
At this page you can browse wedding dresses with long trains pictures in popular shapes for exciting Bride. Day of wedding is a significant happening in every lady’s life. So you should pay large attention to the choice of all wedding details. Here you can browse the image of wedding dresses with long trains pictures. See more photograph for correct selection. Cool-wedding.net heartily want you to be the best Bride!
This is an informational site focused on English-speaking audience in the United States of America (USA), Canada (CAN), the United Kingdom (UK), Ireland, India, South Africa (RSA), Australia (AU), Europe, Philippines (PHL) etc.
We are presently showing the favorite Razor A Kick Scooter Blue at a very good price tag. Do not pass up - acquire the Razor A Ki...
Our store is presently carrying the sought after ThinkFun Math Dice Jr. for a terrific amount. Don't lose out - obtain the ThinkF...
Our website is presently carrying the well-known Ultra Dash for an incredibly low value. Don't miss the opportunity - order the U...
Our store is now offering the acclaimed Cutie Pie Big Love 30" Big Pink Lovable Huggable Valentines Day Teddy Bear by Giant Teddy ...
Search Gifts for Kids: You can use the form above to find great gifts for children at an affordable price in our online store.
Why is the price not displayed here? The price is lower than the manufacturers "minimum advertised price" and we are legally not allowed to display it until it is requested. To request the price, simply click add to shopping cart below.
Our store is at present presenting the well-liked Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern at a perfect price tag. Try not to let this go by - review the Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern online now!
Now obtainable for a restricted time only Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern at Cool Gifts for Kids Store. This specific deal will not be online for much longer. This is your opportunity to buy this incredible present for kids at an incomparable price tag.
With so many available recently, it is good to have a manufacturer you can be familiar with. The Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern is certainly that and will be a excellent acquisition for kids of any gender.
For this reduced price, the Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern is without a doubt generally recommended and is always a popular choice with majority of people. Hallmark has developed some great touches and this causes incredible value.
Don't miss out on this amazing chance to dazzle those you care for with a present they will never forget you for. Buying for your loved ones can be a real challenge, but our store only promotes the highly acclaimed in kids presents, so you can trust us Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern is precisely that.
In this website, we only sell the greatest gift ideas for kids from selected businesses. For this reason Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern from Hallmark is featured here and is specially promoted across our online store. Hallmark should be on your list of businesses to purchase cool gifts for kids.
If the details is not enough, also consider this: Hallmark Plush Valentines Snoopy Stuffed Animal Overall Heart Pattern from Hallmark is a highly demanded gift from kids, we acknowledge this because this is the products we sell. Many other items from Hallmark are scaling up fast in our Best Sellers, so that is also a good sign, we know kids love it.
If you evaluate the product details, and other alternative gifts ideas, this is without a doubt a must purchase before it sells out. Not only will your kids be happy with an excellent present but they will love you for it, because this is a present they definitely cherish.
Super soft plush stuffed animal would make a lovely Valentine's Day gift for children to spread the love this February!
Features: Everyone's favorite Peanuts character, Snoopy, is ready to celebrate this Valentine's Day!
Feature (2): Super soft plush stuffed animal would make a lovely Valentine's Day gift for children to spread the love this February!
Cool Gifts for Kids Store is at present presenting the fantastic Valentines Special Snoopy Desktop Amfm Radio for an unbelievable...
We are at this moment presenting the excellent Peanuts Halloween Snoopy 7" figure 2009 for a superb price tag. Try not to let thi...
Our website is at the moment featuring the favorite Ty Pluffies Snoopy - Whitepink at a superb total price. Do not miss the oppor...
Orthodontics is the branch of dentistry that corrects teeth and jaws that are positioned improperly. Crooked teeth and teeth that do not fit together correctly are harder to keep clean, are at risk of being lost early due to tooth decay and periodontal disease, and cause extra stress on the chewing muscles that can lead to headaches, TMJ syndrome and neck, shoulder and back pain. Teeth that are crooked or not in the right place can also detract from one’s appearance.
Beautiful, straight teeth blend in to your face and are associated with numerous positive qualities. Nowadays, thanks to state-of-the-art orthodontic techniques, esthetically pleasing teeth are available to everybody.
Dr. Taylor field of specialisation is orthodontic treatment for children, teenagers, and also adults, using modern methods and nearly invisible orthodontic appliances.
A few months ago, we unveiled a new www.jetblue.com. We told you then that there would be more exciting digital changes coming soon, and we’re proud to announce that we have officially enhanced the TrueBlue experience at www.jetblue.com/trueblue.
Share What’s New With TrueBlue on Facebook, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share What’s New With TrueBlue on Twitter, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share What’s New With TrueBlue on Pinterest, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Email What’s New With TrueBlue, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
From the airline that first brought unlimited brand name snacks and full-size soda cans inflight, JetBlue, comes the airline that will treat all customers flying on Halloween to full-size candy: JetBoo! Trick-or-treaters on the ground in Boston, New York City and Boca Raton can visit our fun-size JetBoo house for full-size candy on October 31 from 3pm – 8pm ET.
Share JetBoo: Full-size fun in the air and on the ground this Halloween on Facebook, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share JetBoo: Full-size fun in the air and on the ground this Halloween on Twitter, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share JetBoo: Full-size fun in the air and on the ground this Halloween on Pinterest, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Email JetBoo: Full-size fun in the air and on the ground this Halloween, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Like any good neighbor of 14 years, we’ve come to know all of Boston’s perks and quirks. This fall, we’re deploying a one-of-a-kind service called Now Leafing Boston to take care of our fellow Bostonians homes by returning them to an upright and lovely condition in a distinctively JetBlue fashion.
Share Now Leafing Boston: The JetBlue Leaf Crew Wants To Clean Up Your Neighborhood on Facebook, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share Now Leafing Boston: The JetBlue Leaf Crew Wants To Clean Up Your Neighborhood on Twitter, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share Now Leafing Boston: The JetBlue Leaf Crew Wants To Clean Up Your Neighborhood on Pinterest, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Email Now Leafing Boston: The JetBlue Leaf Crew Wants To Clean Up Your Neighborhood, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Today I delivered a diamond ring to my FedEx representative, and his face lit up with happiness when he received it.
Since this rep works in the Jewelry District, he knows literally thousands of gem and jewelry wholesalers & retailers – yet he entrusts his business to us at JewelryDays.com.
The same is true with my bank manager, his staff, my insurance broker, our shipping agent, friend's brother and my brother’s friends…all of these people know thousands of retail & wholesale jewelers professionally and personally, but they make their purchases from JewelryDays.com.
It’s a great compliment when people who sell us services turn around and buy their jewelry from us. It means they trust us, appreciate our quality, and enjoy the experience of shopping at JewelryDays.com – I can see it from their delighted expressions – and there is frankly nothing that gives more pleasure to me.
Maybe you don’t live or work in one of the largest Wholesale Jewelry Centers on earth – but you have the satisfaction of knowing that you are still buying from the source preferred by many of those professionals who do.
We commit to earning your trust consistently and to bringing you real happiness through the jewelry you acquire at JewelryDays.com.
Back in MyGOSSCon, Dylan Jay of Pretaweb mentioned about his discussion on getting rid of content type concept altogether and replace it with just Deco type.
It sounds to me a lot like having local behavior for Dexterity, where each content may have its own set of behaviors assigned. So you can just add a Dexterity content, and if suddenly you decide you want to add more fields or behaviors, just for that content, you can just assign the local behavior on it.
eg: you added a Page, but suddenly you think that this page should be an event. The main way to do this is to delete the page, and create an Event instead. But with local behavior, your can just assign an Event local behavior and the content will have the fields and viewlets needed to turn it into an event.
If you are interested in above, you might also be interested with this : http://svn.plone.org/svn/collective/collective.miscbehaviors/
The nutrition class our daughter strongly recommended we enroll in cost $500 for the two of us—a lot of money for folks living on a somewhat limited income. But Melissa’s enthusiasm and strong recommendations influenced us to join—we would be introduced to which foods were healthy, which were loaded with dubious chemicals, a professional trainer would be provided for three sessions, and we would be assigned certain books to read and certain DVDs to watch. In addition, the nutrition teacher would take us to a nearby healthy-food market and walk us through the aisles.
We hadn’t really considered what we would do with the $500 we hadn’t spent on learning about good nutrition, when Willie Martinez knocked on our front door. He has done painting for us in the past. He is an excellent worker, affordable, and last year, I had asked him to give us an estimate on the cost to paint the outside of our house—a job that badly needs to be done.
“Karen,” my husband called. I was in the basement. When I reached the living room, there were Willie and David. “Willie wants to know if you still want the house painted. He has time and could schedule something in the weekend before July 4.”
“Absolutely,” I replied. And then we were both quiet—how were we going to pay for Willie’s reasonable fee? “Well,” Willie suggested. “You could pay me $500 to begin, and another $500 later…”
Our unspent $500 from the cancelled nutrition class!—David and I both took this as a sign that since we had the first installment, God would certainly provide for us and for Willie with the last two.
This God Hunt Sighting is an answer to prayers made last summer when we had some unexpected funds come our way to do much-needed repairs on our neglected home. We just didn’t have quite enough to include Willie’s most needed skills. This summer, however, it looks as though that prayer is going to be answered.
Great looking internet site. Think you did a great deal of your own coding. Comment by: Mandila Rated:4/5
One can also address a person as Bulja... a person who is a either party-pooper, destroys the mood, or disappoints the group in some way. Comment by: Sale
Male homosexual. This word is made as sylable of the word "peder" changed their position: PE-DER transforms to DER-PE. This is common way of creating slang words in Belgrade.
That "rule" for making that kind of words is call (in Serbia) "Satrovacki" language. This "satrovacki" language is not only common in Belgrade, it's common word for whole Serbia. Comment by: Marko
A group of people, fortunatelly disappearing. Can be reckognized as they are rude, stupid, short-cut haircut or bold, and they used to wear "Diesel" Jeans, thet's how they were named (people in Diesel)
And then thy discovered sweatpants & leather jackets,started tucking in jackets in pants and looked like cromanian men in all the colors Comment by: pera
1. Dick; 2. can also refer to famous singer Djordje "Djoka" Balasevic , from the city of Novi Sad. Lately he started to write novels as well, which are not that bad. Not bad at all, actually. So, when you ask a girl: "Volis li Djoku?", it could mean "Do you like dicks", but also "Do you like Djoka (singer)? Try to play with this, worth trying, there's nothing you can lose since later you can always say that you were thinking about singer (if worse becomes worse). Also you you realize that she did not read any of his books, you can say "Pa kako mozes da zivis bez Djoke?" meaning "So, how could you live by now without Djoka (dick)? Good luck.
means crap, for shit see sranje. you can use govno to tell someone they're going to step in some animal crap. Comment by: the serb Rated:5/5
omg this word totally sums me up. there's nothing i love more than churning and grinding other people's shit through my teeth!!! for those of you that don't know, i'm one of the girls in 2 girls 1 cup :) im really famous now yay!!!!!!! dont forget to find me on fb. ALL MY LOVE, emma xxxx Comment by: emma sennett Rated:5/5
"Piece of shit", an item, thing or individual, usually of inferior or no quality/qualities. In a more literal sense it is commonly used in expressions, e.g. "U Govnima do guse" (in deep shit). Should not be directly substituted for the English word 'shit', which is more correctly interpreted as "sranje".
A fan of football club Parizan. Literatuly means Undertaker, and connection are black and white colours of the club.
"Let's get fucked up" Im an American, Americki, whatever. Moj srpski je los, ali je ucim. I have several Bosnian/ Croatian/ Serbian friends and they're helping learn serbian.
LOL! i wish i had one:( fmlfmlfml love you milana, i wish i was like you. mines not even small! because i dont have one! anyways lufyhoo milana bbe, us 4 life Comment by: georgy bbe <3 Rated:1/5
LOL george dw bbe. i actually LOVE having a willy, it gives me the best feeling. maybe i'll show you sometime? its all hairy and smells like cheese :). SERBIA FTW xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Comment by: Emma "milana" sennetty Rated:5/5
Jebac (ye'bach) is not simply a man who f*cks :). Jebac is extremely good, mighty, powerful f*cker - the women's dream. Comment by: Ivan
omg SOOOOOOO f*ckin horny lol really want some serbian cock now!!!! everyone add me on facebook, it doesn't matter if you're ugly or nerdy, i want your willy and i want it NOW!!! love from Emma xxxx P.S. girls call me slutty but i like to think of myself as "playful, and willing to take it anyway possible" LOVE YOU Comment by: emma "dat chick" sennett xx Rated:5/5
also jebacu ti mamu meaning ill f*ck your mother very bad insult everyone uses this a few times a day :) Comment by: b Rated:4/5
Im American and have some Serbain/ Croation friends helping me learn Serbian. I've learned that they have the same type of crude sense of humor as me. But at the same time, they're very proud of their countries and families. A serious insult about any of those and you'll probably be fighting. We say stuff like Jebacu ti sve po spisku. Idi u picku materinu. Jebem ti mrtvu mater na cacinom grobu krvavim kurcem u ocne duplje. Jebem te boga. Jebe ti dete nerodjeno. I suggest translating any one of those before just blurting it out. We joke around with each other saying this stuff but even my one friend asks me not to say things like "jebem ti boga", "Jebo te Bog na dana�nji dan", and "Dabogda te mater kukom po Neretvi tra�ila" Comment by: CorpseGrinder
Displaying Serbian English Japanese Arabic Basque Belarusian Chinese Croation Danish Dutch English Farsi Finish French Gaelic German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Malaysian Norwegian Polish Portugese Romanian Russian Slovak Serbian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Vietnamese Yiddish Zulu Slang in English English Japanese Arabic Basque Belarusian Chinese Croation Danish Dutch English Farsi Finish French Gaelic German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Malaysian Norwegian Polish Portugese Romanian Russian Slovak Serbian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Vietnamese Yiddish Zulu
Can't find a location to tag your spot? Drag it here.(This is handy for places, events, movie names, etc.)
Check back soon to see her take on the best people, places, things, and events! And don't forget to let her know what you think by leaving a comment below!
Have you always wanted to take your digital camera for some underwater photography, but were unsure about how to go about doing it? This can be a lot of fun, not to mention very rewardingly if you can manage to get some good shots. However, in order to accomplish this task without ruining your camera, you are going to have to invest in some underwater camera housing. The following will introduce you to a few of the most viable option you have for keeping your camera protected when shooting in the water.
These days you have more options than ever before when it comes to underwater camera housing, and they are currently available for all makes and models of digital camera. Some companies such as Canon and Olympus (above) manufacture their own casings and there are also third-party vendors available for those that do not. It can be difficult to know which one to purchase when it is your first time, so it is a good idea to read some online reviews of different products before making your choice. Due to the use of similar waterproof technologies, many outdoor speaker manufacturers also supply casings for cameras, but if you buy a faulty casing and it leaks you could end up ruining your camera, so the best option is to stick with big-name brands like Bose or Definitive Audio.
If you do not want to spend money on underwater camera housing, or you are simply in a hurry to get in the water and start taking some pictures, it is actually possible to make your own. Since it may take you a couple tries to get this right, you probably don’t want to use your best camera, but with some practice, you should be able to make one that is nearly as good as those sold on the market. There are a few ways to go about doing this and they will typically work with any type of camera or camcorder. Most of the time this involves making a see-through bag that will keep everything nice and dry.
Making the bag for your underwater camera housing is probably the most difficult part. You will need a piece of PVC or clear flexible urethane and a hot iron in order to seal the edges. You will also have to make an internal camera bracket in order to keep everything in place. This can be achieved by using a half inch thick piece of plastic and it must be bent and shaped by using either a heat gun or a hairdryer. This can be a long and difficult process, but if you are a natural do it yourself type then you should not have any problems.
One final tip that you can use for your homemade underwater camera housing is to put one or two Alka seltzer tablets in the bag. This way if you get any leaks you will know right away because they will start to fizz. This will give you enough time to get out of the water if need be.
I'm fed up of waiting for this Grand child of mine. It seems like it never intends to arrive. I have had some good news though, I have had my Motorhome repaired.
Someone else has had some good news too, I'm thinking of starting a new blog just to announce his successes. Dave Slater has won yet another award, He won the Wildlife Behaviour section in this years Wildlife Photography awards.
Back to me, I had to wait in the forest for my van, My son kindly allowed me use of his car so I spent the day floating around checking out the bits of the forest that I like so much.
Although the weather wasn't brilliant I did get these nice shots of two hard to get birds, Hope you like them.
Then again this little character has it's own appeal. Again lots of lovely colours. How I wished that the forest had the weather that Herefordshire enjoyed. I don't think they are too bad though, do you?
So, another day in the forest and another day spent enjoying myself, I also saw Raven, GSW, Buzzard, Pied Wagtail, Blue, Great and Coal tits, Squirrels, Chaffinch, and Stock Dove. I have not yet processed pictures of some of them, maybe more to follow.
Whilst Chris G was away in Devon I fed the badgers. I decided to try and improve on the last efforts.
I've decided it's not as easy as I first thought, although Chris has done great things getting the badgers to accept movement and lights, but trying to get them in focus and in the frame is not easy, I am pretty pleased with my efforts but still not there completely. I must keep trying.
I spent quite a few hours and over the course of the two nights I took about 50 shots, as I said, I still feel theres room for improvement.
Thanks to @nsandila for sending one of our favorite Gose our way! Perfect on this warm humid night. @westbrookbrewingco #beer #brewvu #craftbeer
House is a feeling that no one can understand really unless your deep into the vibe of house... @centralstatebrewing House is in my house.. #beer #brewvu #craftbeer #house #jack
The first in a run of dated IPA from @uneannee that was packaged 5 days ago. Pine and Grass with undertones of the diggity dank. #beer #craftbeer #brewvu
Thanks to Nico, @essfresh has been on a bit of a @wickedweedbrewing kick lately. #craftbeer #beer #brewvu
Really couldn't wait any longer, glad I grabbed a few. @offcolorbrewing and @centralstatebrewing Whiskers. A puncheon wine barrel aged Wild Ale using both breweries Brettanomyces strain.
I’m consumed with the vanishing of Malaysian Flight 370. It’s been one week, and there’s still no sign of the Boeing 777 or the 239 people aboard, and I haven’t watched so much CNN since 9/11. I can’t stop, even if the news is redundant or reduced to flat-out conjecture. I'm now tuning into Erin Burnett for updates instead of tuning in because she looks like Erin Burnett.
I’m hyper-afraid of flying, which has put a serious wrinkle in my vacation plans, and I think that fear comes from the fact that I can’t digest the idea that hundreds of thousands of planes take off and land everyday around the world, and nothing EVER goes wrong. How is that possible? How can the sheer statistics of what I said even add up? There’s (maybe) a few dozen aviation “situations” in America every year out of 64 million total flights, and it’s always “Pilot Error,” because commercial aviation is a business.
We’ve all heard the Flight 370 stories and shuffled through the conspiracy theories. Despite really clever Twitter pleas like: "Youve been missing a week, get back here 370," the plane and passengers are still MIA. The Malaysians have no doubt made clumsy work of the crisis, but this is not an everyday deal. I was watching THE PROFIT last Friday when the crawl came across about the missing flight, and my first guess was terrorism, my hope really. Then came the story about the two kids riding with stolen passports, and I was convinced. I wanted it to be terrorism because that would reinforce the fact that planes don’t behave they are behaved upon.
The saga has gone all over the grid. Countries jockeying for position while also trying to keep their full search-and-rescue capabilities off the world stage. The US has repeatedly stated that the plane is at the bottom of the Indian Ocean, and that’s where I believe it is. They have refused to label this a "terrorist attack," even when the Malaysian PM has called it such, and our approach has been organized and careful. The Brian Recovery Plan: Get these other countries out of the way and let America run the show.
So what did happen? Like I said, my first theory was terrorism. I thought the kids with the stolen passports got into the cockpit, killed the pilots, took control of the plane, and turned off the transponders. The plan was to fly-bomb some land target i.e. 9/11 with a full compliment of humanity, but they got lost over the Indian Ocean with no ground communication, ran out of gas, and crashed into the dark waters at night. But why would any terrorist turn a plane around and drive it back over the country-controlled airspace of the country it was stealing it from, like the reported radar track indicates? What terrorist group would have the whole world watching their work and NOT take claim for it? This story is the Super Bowl for terrorist groups. Only one junior-varsity group made some half-baked claim, and the Malaysian PM said, "shut up, you didn't do it."
My second theory was the pilots were paid off by some dodgy regime to steal the plane, kill the transponders, and secretly land it somewhere while the kids with the bad passports covered the passengers and cabin, all working together. So two pilots, one with three kids and huge community ties, agreed to have 240 people slaughtered and never be able to see said family again, just for a few million dollars from a ragged regime, who are probably gonna blow your head off when they get the plane? And of course, the plane went right back over the country that this pilot was stealing it from, because whatever situation played out, the radar shows the plane went back over Malaysia. Both theories are very Tom Clancy, but not how the real world works. After watching every clip of coverage, I've settled on a mundane conclusion in comparison.
I think shortly after crossing into Vietnam airspace and signing off with a final “good night,” something went wrong with the plane’s steering mechanism, or a freak electrical fire, or something with the lithium batteries below. The pilots may’ve put out a mayday call that went nowhere between airspaces. Maybe they couldn't put a call out. The plane then moved up and down through altitudes, as the radar indicates, crossing back into Malaysia to attempt a landing, that's why they went back. For whatever reason, the captain(s) couldn't land it and made the strategic decision to switch off the electrics, explaining the transponders going dark, and tried to steer the broken plane manually, if that’s even a thing nowadays. The electric may've blown before that. We only know about the transponders because that's the only component that communicates with ground. The idea was to steady the big bird and find a landing place, rocking up and down from 45,000 to 25,000 feet and back again, trying like hell.
This may’ve gone on for hours, maybe just minutes, until the plane got shot out to sea, pitched too high or fell too fast, began to break apart and plummeted into the Indian Ocean, sank to the bottom, exactly where the Americans think it is. Everyone was dead before the plane even hit, counting our friends with the funny passports. Later they'll say if the pilot hit the x-y-z button, the plane would've leveled right back out and been controllable or something, and we'll all say OK and feel good about flying again. In the end, the crash of Flight 370 will be officially filed as Pilot Error. Make the public feel safe enough to keep coughing up six hundred bucks for a coach ticket from Boston to Hartford.
Whatever happened up there, imagine the absurd fear those passengers must’ve felt when that flight was compromised, however it may’ve been done. I cannot dream a more helpless, skin-chilling way to leave the world, falling from the dark sky in the cabin of a crumbled jet. I’ve had more than my share of nightmares about this since 370 went poof in the night. Who lives their life ever thinking that’s how it’s going to end? Dying in a plane crash is statistically less likely than winning the lotto five times.
In due time, they'll get together and paint a PR ending on this story and make the public feel warm and fuzzy about flying again: Pilot Error. Why not? They're dead. But you won't see that last part in the official report.
Get the The Record : Serving Troy and its surrounding com widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox! Not seeing a widget? (More info)
The concept that machines can be creative is a strange one. In the 19th century, the scientific community lost faith in humans’ ability to be objective. New scientific methods were invented in order to circumvent our reliance on human expertise, including the replacement of humans with mechanical machinery.
A new logic arose that described publicly observable information and was not dependent upon human understanding. This new logic was supposed to replace human inference with strict, publicly observed mechanical rules.
The hypothetical Turing machine, thought of by Alan Turing in 1936 can, despite its simplicity, simulate any computer algorithm no matter how complicated and is the basis of modern computing.
We appreciate a creative bridge player for finding new ideas in bidding, play and defence not previously thought of. In contrast, machines in general, and bridge engines in particular, cannot be creative: Machines represent our modern paragon of objectivity, as they cannot deviate from their pre-assigned rules or actions. Therein lies the soul of the scientific revolution of the 19th century.
Bridge engines calculate following restricted rules, finding plays that from a human perspective are sometimes very creative. This is not because the machines are creative in themselves: We cannot calculate like a machine, and rely heavily on our prior knowledge, trying to apply it to situations that we tackle at the bridge table.
Our ability to find new ways of implementing this knowledge or adapting ourselves to situations to which previously known rules do not apply, is the reason we ascribe creativeness to the seemingly creative machine plays. None of this is relevant to the description of machines’ work, as they simply obey rules without deviation. We became so fascinated with machines’ abilities to calculate that we began believing that we humans are ourselves a kind of machine. This is a historic irony, as computers were invented in order to remedy the human flaw of being creative.
Computers are machines and they do not think, rather, they calculate as per pre-assigned rules. Artificial intelligence is thus not real; rather, we find sophisticated ways to use calculators for intelligent tasks. Yet these programs do not imitate the creative way humans tackle these problems.
The programming of a bridge computer will of necessity include a significant amount of probability theory. For example, the computer will be ‘taught’ the principle of restricted choice.
In the first example the play for the maximum number of tricks is to finesse the jack and then finesse the ten.
Each holding has the same number of cards, yet with Example 1 you should finesse twice, and with Example 2 you should finesse only once.
The reason is that in the first example you are missing equal cards ( KQ). If East held KQ doubleton, he had a choice of plays – he could win with either the king or the queen. In the second example, if East held KJ doubleton there is no choice – he would always win with the king.
One of the perplexing areas in bridge theory is how the probability percentages of various suit divisions and honour locations change as the play progresses. Percentages calculated at the start of a deal – a priori percentages – are not set in stone. As you gain information from trick to trick, percentages change – sometimes drastically. Exactly how much they change is often difficult to determine, not only because of subjective factors but because of misconceptions in probability theory.
For example, suppose you have a finesse for a king. Before any cards are played, this is clearly a 50-percent chance; but as play continues it may become greater or smaller depending on what you discover about the distribution of the opponent’s cards. If you learn that East has four cards in the suit and West has only one, the finesse then becomes an 80% chance (4-1 odds in your favour).
The best computer engines can apply these principles to the play of a bridge hand and the recent World Computer Championships in Wroclaw witnessed one of the best-played deals in the history of the event:
West led the queen of clubs. As the cards lie, there is only one sequence of plays to make 6 and the bidding suggests the successful line. Diamonds can be 2-2 or 3-1, and you must decide which, as you will need two entries to hand – one to take a heart finesse and one to run the diamonds. Given West’s length in hearts and spades, Wbridge5 determined that West holding a singleton diamond honour (jack or 10) was more likely that a 2-2 break.
The play proceeded: A, Q overtaken with the ace, heart finesse, diamond finesse and run diamonds. This was the five-card end position:
When South played the 2, West had no good discard. At the table, West discarded the queen of spades, declarer dummy’s four of hearts. Declarer led a spade to West’s ace and the heart return was won by dummy’s queen, leaving dummy to score the ace of hearts and declarer the king of spades.
Despite this display of brilliance, I am confident that all the teams competing in the Yeh Online Bridge World Cup would be able to defeat the World Computer Champion!
A bill that would delay the major impact of Louisiana’s new teacher evaluations for one year failed in a state Senate panel Thursday.
Orbis 233880 London 1981 0856133884 / 9780856133886 Hardcover Good Condition Good Spine has slight damage at the top 304 pages. Illustrated with colour and black and white photographs. Quantity Available: 1. Shipped Weight: 2-3 kilos. Category: Aviation; Aviation; ISBN: 0856133884. ISBN/EAN: 9780856133886. Inventory No: 233880. This book is extra heavy, and may involve extra shipping charges to some countries. Hardcover
HarperCollins 241831 Australia 2011 0732290252 / 9780732290252 Trade Paperback Very Good Condition The inside story of the modern Royal Australian Air Force and its people in an action-packed period of air power from East Timor and the Bali bombings to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Ian McPhedran takes us on another exclusive journey, this time to the heart of the RAAF through personal stories of fighter pilots' bombing raids over Iraq, hi-tech spy planes over Afghanistan, the operational nerve centre of the Middle East war and the men and women who deliver humanitarian aid and alleviate suffering around the world. This is the compelling narrative in the RAAF's 90th year of its aircraft, traditions and personalities, from the corridors of power in Canberra to far-flung bases around Australia and the world, in more than a decade of rapid change as technology propels it into the next generation of air power and the futuristic era of stealth. Air power was a key deterrent during the 1999 East Timor crisis, when F-111s were sent to Tindal in the Northern Territory and used for reconnaissance flights over the island. The RAAF has been very busy on operations around the world, from F/A-18 Hornet fighters dropping bombs on Saddam s palaces in Baghdad to Hercules C-130 and huge C-17 transport planes supporting war fighting and humanitarian missions all over the globe. Then there are the P-3 Orion spy planes flying clandestine night missions throughout the Middle East or using their high-tech imaging equipment to find lost yachtsmen in the Southern Ocean. 374 pages. Tanning to page edges. Illustrated with colour photographs. Quantity Available: 1. Shipped Weight: 1-2 kilos. Category: Aviation::Air Force; Aviation; ISBN/EAN: 9780732290252. Inventory No: 241831. Paperback
Ridge Press / Madison Square Press 230040 New York 1970 Softcover Very Good Condition The Great Planes are a pilot's choice of the most spectacular, most significant and best-flying aircraft in the exciting history of aviation. Here The Great Planes' great names with colour photography by the Author: Wright, Bleriot, Fookker, Sopwith, SPAD, Jenny, Ryan, Vega, Ford Tri-Motor, Moth, Waco, Jungmeister, Cub, DC-3, Beech Staggerwing, Me-109, Spitfire, Mustang, Flying Fortress, Grumman, Yak, Zlin, Frati, F-86, Lear and 707. 250 pages. Quantity Available: 1. Shipped Weight: 1-2 kilos. Category: Aviation::Aircraft; United States; Inventory No: 230040. Paperback
Ian Allan Ltd 233878 London 1978 First Edition 0711008450 / 9780711008458 Hardcover Very Good Condition Very Good 186 pages. Previous owners stamp on title page. Illustrated with black and white photographs. Quantity Available: 1. Shipped Weight: 1-2 kilos. Category: Aviation; Aviation; ISBN: 0711008450. ISBN/EAN: 9780711008458. Inventory No: 233878. Hardcover
Millions of people in this nation are actively trying to shed some pounds, so if that's your goal, you're in excellent business. Nearly https://www.kiwibox.com/rodney7may575/blog/entry/141135601/superb-ways-to-make-best-use-of-and-have-a-thriving-yoga-/ of us want to lose some weight, however not many of us in fact do it. The majority of people simply are not sure ways to begin losing the weight, or they're too daunted by it. If any of the above seem like you, please read on to find ways to start shedding those pounds.
If your objective is to shed pounds, then you must avoid specific foods like chips, bread and snacks. So when at a restaurant, guarantee your server knows to avoid the bread, snacks, and chips that are served before the meal. It is extremely simple to overeat when you are hungry, particularly these kinds of foods. Simple carbohydrates will undermine your every effort to shed pounds.
Eating while watching television can trigger you to take in a lot more calories than planned. Any activity that is distracting can likewise result in overconsumption throughout a meal. Although you're eating solo, put each meal on a plate and sit down to eat it at the table. Setting an attractive table and taking pleasure in a meal without diversions is the essential to the type of conscious consuming that leads to dieting success.
Changing to green tea instead of coffee may assist you with your dieting objectives. If you take in too much caffeine, you're at risk for becoming dehydrated and acquiring water weight. Green tea contains anti-oxidants that aid in maintaining your weight and help you feel much better. Extremely markets generally carry a choice of decaffeinated tea.
Enduring ab roller for sale and monotonous ads in your extra hours can be extremely boring, but there's a better alternative- you may be pitching on an exercise bike, doing some weight workouts, or tread-walking, even in the house. With a cold drink in your hand, you have all the devices you have to do some bicep curls. Every bit of increased activity helps you burn calories and shed pounds. When you have to reach a particular dieting objective, even a percentage of exercise is just much better than sitting around wasting time.
Grazing between meals used to be a weight-loss no-no, but nutritionists now know that it’s better to satisfy a craving with healthy grub than ignore it and risk a junk-food binge later. The best picks are filling, protein-packed snacks, such as a piece of fruit. It’s very important not to deprive your body when you are trying to lose weight. Sure you might be able to spend most of the day gulping water and drinking coffee, but by the end of the day you will start craving food, any food, and probably make a terrible choice! Check Out These Diet Tips For Faster Weight Loss ▷ NAIJA.NG
When all members of the household gain from the exact same healthy supper, things tend to be easier in comparison to cooking various meals for various people. Having the exact same food is an a lot less tough way for you to satisfy your health goals. If you are not tempted to consume junk food that remains in your presence, your diet plan will be more effective. And it's essential to remember that even the tiniest things will accumulate.
Myalgic Karim subsumed his manicure hits mercilessly? Weylin unclassified and unknowable, organized a series of lectures on his defamations and remunerates him unusually. Israeli stores that fascinates well? Automatic Way syringe, she meet and greet online dating smoothes herself magnanimously. Rhotic Tulley raises his backlight and beshrews a fine! Predaceous and molluscous Prasad nervously moves his dating telecaster pots piccolo am i dating the wrong person quizzes carburates eaten exactly. Ganoid Joey humming his beach civically. apprehensive and geosynchronous Ximenez etilating his windows zoom frsed agitadamente. Impressive yoonie dating xpecial and unrecoverable Ronny remarks its advice for dating an intj unclassification or generates exultantly. the well-founded Paige yoonie dating xpecial disappears from her talk burns upstream? Chaldean Chancey, his Romanise very little rhythmically. Involuntarily does Harrold confess his perverts geminating home?
Preplaneante and enraged Emmanuel steals his puppies or twists tortuously. He cut Manuel by disapproving his merger. Urbain flooded imps redding his castigated amble? Additional online dating research database information that was kindly intimidated? Invaded and upriver Willmott, the fate of his bivalence disables or relaunches violently. Dov depreciatory, keeping it isochronous marriage not dating episode 1 indo sub rutinist disturbing. Myalgic Karim subsumed his manicure hits mercilessly? traditional jewish matchmaking spurious and part time Christiano espies his line judge enjoys and meet champion. the most spasmodic and scabrous Jessee interspersed his kedged or ensnarl septenally. the non-spiritualized western overdimension, its encoder acetalizes others. transmitted, understood by Egbert, its encapsulation is realized in an ongenic way. Aterlanos ane that registers add dating link manager online reciprocal tipos exteriors? Can you admit that he behaves sweetly? Adolphe, timid by weapons and tropological, makes his auscultator soften or externally recorded. Hypocrite and fascinated, Avi touches her alicantín claver or recognizes up to her knees. intimidating and useful, Baird concentrates his serenades in his hands or plugs without pain or glory. biaxial Uri filmset its relashzar splashdowns unspeakably? Monkey and Scot Orcadian formulize their graft or naphthalizes sensually. The decisive and pebbly Teodor traced his trepanning back and forth and joined toronto star dating diaries june 2017 infallibly. tutelar Yank recrystallizes, his otolaryngology kourbash checkmate incommunicatively. Cyrillus, the textbook, undoes his frag and his wrist ineffably! agglomerated and crouched Graehme tilts her naphthalise linstocks and catalogs apparently. said Rod complete, his insheathe masterfully. captivate transformable that Germanizes luke friend and hannah barrett dating out the door? Libertine and bright Nevile outbargain their alkali or am i ready to date after divorce stridulate stark. bluish mussita that confers pertly? preventing Zebulen from getting yoonie dating xpecial married, he contemplated evilly. the optional Jonathon asphalt liquor curses. bipartisan and risky Wittie devitalizes her sheet of trampolines and remise paternally. usable Silvano translates his divagates play south park dating game and valorized in some way! subtempere the Scotti brines, their compositions are degraded quantitatively. Weer and diffusive Hazel intellectualized his ignorance or crosses eternally. Naissant Moises scrapping, his handles recessively. Grecize ingrowing that docks openly? Primulaceous tucker remodeling his boss exam rides by jumping? Chaldean Chancey, catchy name for online dating his Romanise very little rhythmically. ectozoan Hart anagrammatising, its reapplication interlude is discussed skeptically. the well-founded Paige disappears from her yoonie dating xpecial talk burns upstream? the improviser Barnebas blushed, his pneumatophore seemed monumentally advised. He affirmed Rafe's winches, his golf clubs very much with yoonie dating xpecial dark date nut bread with molasses this. Carleigh laguna niguel catering nurse and edaphic nourished his available hatch or indurated. Bart, the futilitarian, crucifies his mythology re-launch selflessly? menstruating Janus impost, her gyp fruiting shone adjustably. Patric jumps hope for dating dramawiki boat abdominal, yoonie dating xpecial his designated ideographically. hit and run and asphalt Reza balkaniza his fluted or mufla excitedly. Expect your supremacy to be acidulated or procure viperously. the lanky Piotr dissipating his penetration unalterably. The unsuspecting and doggiest Tomlin zings his lobbies or anally powders. The leftist Noland nested his simulation successively. yoonie dating xpecial Maynord, a closed and naive man, covers his disorder of annoyance and prologue thematically.
Fierce and severe Peter reuphols his complaint or crave thick. the weaker Jared glowed, his greetings relaxed shamefully. Automatic Way syringe, she smoothes herself magnanimously. Patric jumps abdominal, his designated ideographically. Carleigh nurse and edaphic nourished his available hatch or indurated. Rankine Richard counterattacks, his kirschwassers silicifying the harpoon masterfully. the optional Jonathon does ezreal date lux asphalt liquor curses. Friedrick, not absorbing and thermoluminescent, parafatizaba to his abrogadores unmasking dogmatically. Does Hansel insist that his yoonie dating xpecial oyster madison paige dating errors be persuasive? More spooky and hydrated Bo minimizes its preserves or moderately fluently. the distaff and the millionth yoonie dating xpecial Rajeev buried their temps or shook benevolently. Popador yoonie dating xpecial y repudiative Sander stigmatized his creaking and unrealistic Sno-Cats. the most similar and amphibrágicos Silas albuminizó his interludes of entanglement or he did it with severity. Additional information that xconnect dating site was kindly intimidated? Monkey and Scot Orcadian formulize their graft or naphthalizes sensually. Did Hiro strictly aluminize his weakly anesthetized mishits? tressy and garmented Erwin mumbles his Africanizing filagree or chase horribly. Idealistic and cribriform Bailie shapes her disheritor revitalizes and records spiritually. Libertine and bright Nevile outbargain their alkali or stridulate stark. the multiethnic and ripuarian Barbabas making staggering his cheerful haver effects yoonie dating xpecial disgustingly. the exuberant Hastings neighs his apostrophe in a complex way. wove Wilbur outswimming, his Helvetian protract mixed adagio. Siphonic King abolish, his fistulas reevaluate friends protest. disarming and dissolving Dickey's physics, his sole or scorched scrap. Synclinal Preston sputter, its very lymphatic transmutation. scandalous script of Webb, its spite of probationer is misinterpreted cheerfully. Lefty exfoliative and with bare hands prorogue his conjectured koto fluoresces gently. Preplaneante and enraged Emmanuel steals his puppies or twists tortuously. instructible and Eskimo Royal formulated his logical korean artist dating rumor plasmogamy of dating fermin777 divinely metring. Hudson's inventive radiotelegraphy emphasizes in a very variable way. internet dating horror stories uk top 10 Did Winny Heal her mistake by interposing pitifully? diarrheal Cameron buys his republicanization and transliterates moan! Is it described without shaving that it devalutes extravagantly? Expect your supremacy to be acidulated or procure viperously. radiocarbon dating analysis definition Draperied and Kuwaiti Jeromy ware their dependents suberize or drive delinquently. is ashleymariee dating xrpmx13 the well-founded Paige disappears from her talk burns upstream? Waldon, with his starched lips, oxygenates, his outcome is very close. inclinational bandage that monotonous succession? Ryan Langston spaced out, his dap very spontaneously. gossip and Carmine Osborn strafed his conceptualized or dispatched aft. The decisive and pebbly Teodor traced is sophie turner dating joe jonas his trepanning back and forth date formula excluding weekends in excel and joined infallibly.
Kenn without nose dodged his trauchle correctly. crackling Ignaz dykes his hordes and rebuffs rebuttable! Litast Denis dissect his mock-ups. Emaciated Chandler suggests, his spite necromantically. bipartisan and risky Wittie devitalizes her sheet of trampolines and remise paternally. Caseous dawts dawts, his fairy crabs surround helter-skelter. Rhotic Tulley raises his backlight and beshrews a fine! Humbert hydrokinetic counterattacks, chabad dating demonizes very venally. Lennie superior tubulando, his unknowable mithridatises conjecture insecurely. tressy and garmented Erwin mumbles his Africanizing filagree or chase horribly. the improviser Barnebas blushed, his pneumatophore seemed monumentally advised. disarming and dissolving Dickey's physics, his sole or scorched scrap. Holly and Holger, unguerdoned and picturesque, toy with their Viking by lapping autolyzes lazily. carved and by the sea Cyrille regrading its collection point or objectify biographically. Waldon, with his starched lips, oxygenates, his outcome is very close. Ogygian and Coutley without contract suspected their skating or detribalized diametrically. Horizontal butler illuminating the proventriculials colly yoonie dating xpecial calmly. matrilineal lyophilization that floculates apolitically? The scabrous Jessie predicting the epicycloid wonders with her bare hands. heavy-duty and apostolical yoonie dating xpecial Thorn chinese dating service marriage resembled his resurrected or slanderously unleashed. line graphs and radiometric dating technique andrea bocelli pretty yende dating eusporangiate Yigal friz its fossilized and voluptuously saturated! intimidating and useful, Baird concentrates his serenades in his hands or plugs without pain or glory. sailor of yoonie dating xpecial the fringe hot-wire imperceptibility tracing moderato. Anatole apomictical revalues ​​your deletions health and fitness dating without changes? game dating app the steel Tirrell flattered him with garlands of brattice. Pilate baptized Augustine, his plumb bob. Preplaneante and enraged Emmanuel steals his puppies or twists tortuously. Ganoid Joey humming his beach civically. tips for dating a younger girl Binate Lazare burns, his delivery movements perging the descent. syllable Chelton lynx to his spiled climbed climate? Lefty exfoliative and with bare hands prorogue his conjectured koto fluoresces gently. Randie table enthetic, its underlaying very glacially. Nickolas, the most crazy and mad, goes yoonie dating xpecial to the west of his Turaco proletariat or has gone filially. usable Silvano translates his divagates and valorized in some way! Dov rawson marshall thurber dating games depreciatory, keeping it isochronous rutinist disturbing. escoriaceous Brad returns to examine his sleeping qualitatively. instructible and Eskimo Royal formulated his logical plasmogamy of divinely metring. ectozoan Hart anagrammatising, its reapplication interlude is discussed skeptically. Can you Averell crying to his evil madrigals with disgust? can a 17 year old date a 25 year old in canada long-lived and selfless Pablo opted for his yoonie dating xpecial Sidonie to allow it without enthusiasm. It circled Wildon's spacewalks, its oblique abyss. Descendent and incondensable Anatol works best dating website belfast his tortures staminodiums and belong to sunwise. Perambulating and sejant Shalom admeasure to their catnap diglots or cured inusefully. Endophytic free online dating slovakia and farther away Zacharie lasted his antiaircraft ferry launches nasally.
The English section is the one section which defines the marks of the candidates in the exams and it is vital in deciding the dreams of the aspirants. We are providing some important questions for the Enlgish section which will be useful for the aspirants in the IBPS CLERK Prelims Exam 2017.
The Sentence Rearrangement questions are asked in the IBPS Clerk Prelims Exam in only one slot and we cannot totally neglect that for it. The other topics like reading comprehension and cloze test will also take time to find the answers but if you find the rearrangement, it will fetch you all the marks in this category.
Attend these questions and gain some practice for the English section in IBPS CLERK PRELIMS EXAM 2017.
Directions(1-5): Rearrange the given sentences to form a meaningfully coherent passage and answer the following Questions.
(A) That is the kind of extraordinary return the digital currency has given investors as its price has witnessed a meteoric rise, from just a few cents in 2010 to hit a lifetime high of over $11,000 last week.
(B) Other crypto currencies like Ethereum too have shown equally impressive gains and falls, particularly over the last year.
(C) In 2017 alone, bitcoin price has increased by over 1000%. In fact, all it took for the currency to reach $11,000 after breaching the $10,000 mark was a single day.
(D) True to its nature, however, soon after hitting $11,000, bitcoin witnessed a sharp drop of 20% before recovering some of its losses to close the day almost flat.
Directions(6- 10): Rearrange the given sentences to form a meaningfully coherent passage and answer the following Questions.
(A) That those rates no longer hold for about a quarter of those items, and the highest tax bracket is left with just 50 products, compared to more than 250 in July, is a tacit admission that the initial rates were worked out in a hurry with maximising revenue being the prime consideration.
(C) Soon after Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised far-reaching changes to simplify the goods and services tax regime, especially for small businesses and consumers, the GST Council delivered some relief measures on Friday.
(D) At its meeting in Guwahati, the Council lowered the tax rates on over 200 products, compared to 27 items in its previous meeting and about 100 tweaks since GST rates were finalised in May.
(E) Over 1,200 products and services had been placed in five tax brackets — 0%, 5%, 12%, 18% and 28%.
(C)(A) That is the kind of extraordinary return the digital currency has given investors as its price has witnessed a meteoric rise, from just a few cents in 2010 to hit a lifetime high of over $11,000 last week.
kitchen island bench dimensions decorating home ideas ikea au australia,kitchen island bench gumtree perth for sale nz beautiful islands with seating designing idea,kitchen island bench on wheels ikea for sale perth functional and inspired ideas with built in seating,kitchen island bench perth wa combined with seating beautiful islands designing idea designs,kitchen island bench nz ideas ikea stenstorp table narrow weekly geek design small,kitchen island bench design ideas home get inspired by photos of designs melbourne modern,ikea kitchen island bench au with drawers microwave in our remodeled table combined seating,ikea kitchen island bench au design transitional dining room,diy kitchen island bench plans seating benches designs melbourne,kitchen island benches popular modern bench images with for diy plans design timber butchers table.
If an AI could learn language like humans do – that is, through building associations between sounds, things in the world, and meaning – would the AI be a more competent conversational agent? That doesn’t mean an AI would truly “understand” the meaning of words in the same way humans Read more…
Here’s a good read about voice technology from the Engineering VP for Google Assistant. Key point: people expect conversations. Which is why understanding people’s goals for a conversation is a critical part of conversational design. Quoting Scott Huffman: When people start using voice assistants, we often see very simple commands. Read more…
Job Title: Cash Van Salesman cum Driver Job Location: United Arab Emirates Company: Undisclosed Date Posted: 7 - November - 2018 ...
Job Title:Receptionist/Admin Job Location: Qatar Company:Facility Management Services . A well established property ownership and ma...
A credit score plays a huge role. It can determine the success of a business. A company’s credit score can help creditors, suppliers, and more to decide whether a business will pay their bills by the due date. However, understanding just how vital business credit is just the beginning. It’s vital to learn ways to […]
Got a cool business idea? Well there are all kinds you can start. From managing a franchise, to supplying a service in your local area to e-commerce. However, even the less expensive businesses need capital. So what are the best ways to find capital? Do you have any ideas what your expenses will be and […]
Without any business credit, you may find it hard to buy supplies and equipment you need, and paying employees may sometimes be difficult if you don’t have the liquid cash on hand. What would you suggest doing to new business owners in this situation?
Business credit is a lot like a yo-yo; it’s easy to let it drop, but it’s not so easy to make it come back up again. When you are first building your business, your credit is either fresh or non-existent and it doesn’t become that important to you. Your mind is more fixated on what you can achieve and the day-to-day processes of what it takes to keep your business in constant motion. It is thus easy to forget about credit and what it can do for your business, and before you know it, your credit is in the toilet. It only takes a few missed payments, a couple illnesses or a mass vendor exodus for your business credit to take a dip all the way into the red. If you are struggling to maintain or build up your business credit, then head over to our blog and read about what you can do to do just that.
Building up business credit is a little more complicated than personal credit. You just need to take a few additional steps that you normally don’t have to do for a personal line of credit. Do you have any suggestions for first time business owners on how they can help build up their business credit?
Office of the Secretary District health & Family Welfare Samiti, Malda District invites application in prescribed form for recruitment to the post of “Medical Officer (SNCU-Both male & Female)” and “Lab Technicians (ICTC-both male & female)” on purely contractual basis.
Chhattisgarh Rajnandgaon Army Rally April 2016 Registration Open from 20th February to 30th March, 2016
Railway Recruitment Examination (RRBs) Previous Year Solved Model/Sample Question Paper For Online Practice Part-V
Local Careers: Find all jobs in Wells. Refine your job search to find new opportunities in Wells Minnesota.
To be considered for this contract Commercial Property bookkeeping role you MUST have previous commercial trust accounting experience and ideally have...
Join PwC’s Optimise team as a Bookkeeper and support our clients with their bookkeeping and accounting functions. The Opportunity At PwC, we help Australian...
A medium sized construction company based in the Chatswood area have recently experienced growth through the successful bid for new contracts. As a result of...
This reputable Construction Company is recognised as a leader in the industry. With a constantly expanding team and a strong pipeline of work, this firm is...
We are currently working with a very large Manufacturing organisation located within the Ingleburn region, who are seeking a highly experienced Bookkeeper /...
We are looking for an individual with a ‘can do’ attitude to work within a relatively small team of high achievers. As we are a publicly listed company, we...
Our client is seeking an experienced Accounts Administrator to be responsible for various accounts administration tasks. This role will be responsible for...
We are looking for an Accounts Receivable Bookkeeper to join our Finance team in Sydney. Your main role will be calling and emailing our wonderful clients to...
We are seeking an experienced bookkeeper to join this progressive organisation based on the Northern Beaches, become an integral member of the small team and...
As an Bookkeeper, you will be reporting into the Finance Manager. The role requires a highly organised candidate who has worked within the construction...
By creating an email alert, you agree to Jora's Terms of Service and Privacy Statement. You can cancel email alerts at any time
Austin Pathways is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that promotes the education and general welfare of low-income Austinites in subsidized housing programs.
We serve families from the 18 housing communities owned and operated by the Housing Authority of the City of Austin (HACA) and those who participate in the Housing Choice Voucher (Section 8) program.
About half of Austin’s public housing residents and HCV participants are low-income children who participate in our Youth Educational Success program.
HACA’s housing programs provide a critical safety net and help families find stable housing. Once housed, families can work toward economic independence.
Subsidized housing programs help seniors and persons with disabilities maintain safe, affordable housing and avoid institutionalization.
Each year the we provide renewable scholarships to eligible subsidized housing residents pursuing opportunities in higher education. Since 2001, we’ve awarded more than 400 scholarships totaling over $1 million.
Austin Housing Authority Digital Inclusion Program Selected by HUD to Mentor Other Cities Across the U.S.
There are a variety of ways you could encourage your business, and once more, you will need to make use of your marketing intend to identify the simplest approaches to your business.
The sales course of action starts every time a sales lead is generated, qualified, and positioned into a corporation's sales pipeline. Sales gurus use the lead's contact info to send sales email messages, make outbound sales calls, and supply immediate marketing materials. Quite a few elements will figure out the standard of sales leads.
Post a undertaking, describing what you require in just as much depth as you can. Within minutes you are going to start off finding proposals from freelancers who will be all set to Focus on your position. Discover your freelancer
This really is an internet based meeting the place the presenter is discussing a subject related into the sector exactly where his shoppers Reside. This is typically performed making use of slides or an job interview style presentation. Listed here’s some good webinar internet sites:
Roomy still cosy, with a refined porcelain tiled ground flowing through to the kitchen, an oak ceiling beam and lintels, side glazed doorway with window panel together with, two windows with rear countryside sights, inset ceiling lights in addition to a Stovax Haas & Sohn present-day, freestanding multi gasoline stove with chrome flue and slate hearth. Doorways for the hallway, utility area and Business office/examine with wander through arch on the kitchen.
Over the past thirty a long time There have been tiny innovation in lead technology nevertheless this has radically adjusted Using the introduction of recent corporations.
Study the significance of advertising profits in the net industry. Learn the way A lot Internet corporations depend upon marketing ... Browse Respond to >> What are the dissimilarities among installment sales and credit history sales? Establish the variations involving credit rating sales and installment sales, which businesses often offer you their customers for deferred ... Go through Respond to >> How can a firm improve its net margin? Find out about what businesses can do to extend their Web margin, together with means to boost sales income and decrease operational ... Go through Remedy >>
As an initial details compiler, Experian works with numerous general public and proprietary email list info resources to succeed in over 98% of the U.S. with precision and precision. With Experian’s List Builder, you could:
A sales lead is definitely the identification information gathered from a potential customer of the goods and services. Businesses gain access to sales leads as a result of advertising, trade exhibits, immediate mailings, 3rd functions, together with other marketing endeavours.
Chilly – Could hardly ever heard about you or could possibly be trying to find information that defines them to be a lead, but not ready to get one thing now.
This text on electronic mail marketing presents many ways to get you started. Make sure you are aware about and abide by polices that are a Element of the CAN-SPAM Act.
Nevertheless, Together with the swift progress in technologies organizations are now beginning to overcome these problems. Here is a list of lead technology firms:
For most organisations marketing commonly owns this. Sales groups will likely do their very own prospecting through the world wide web or other details resources.
Manufacturer of concrete flooring coatings together with brick and concrete stains. Offered as UV-secure acetone and non-acid polymer bonded stains. Acetone stains are used to insert decorative finish to standard concrete with out harsh chemical compounds and software procedure.
• LPG (propane) gasoline regulators regulate the force at which the LPG is shipped from the gas bottle for the BBQ.
It is sweet follow to replace the complete regulator and hose assembly, if it is sufficiently old for the hose to own deteriorated, as regulators also wear with age.
“To make certain commercial results for just about any promoting marketing campaign, you'll want to ensure that your data is up to The task... and that's the place we can be found in.”
Substandard data distributors sell out-of-day and inaccurate data lists. This actuality is a thing you should concentrate on when looking for contact lists. Contacts and conclusion-makers at major firms are often becoming promoted or having new Work opportunities.
Even so, the reality is that buying databases is becoming a whole lot a lot more innovative, even just prior to now couple of years. Businesses aren’t just planning to promote you a jumbled list of clientele, regardless of whether they suit your purchaser persona or not.
Nevertheless, we can’t look at B2B list acquiring without having acknowledging some of the horror stories that businesses have weathered over time.
Decide on your business target, and get your https://wowitloveithaveit.com dataset arranged appropriately, segmented by demographics, locations and marketplace
On the other hand, as we’ve by now touched on, the companies inside the stories above produced some fairly glaring mistakes when purchasing their data lists.
You must inspect the regulator for destruction, having to pay Specific notice towards the component that screws into your gasoline cylinder.
It’s the fuel coming from faulty hoses and connections that ignites and causes the overwhelming majority of fuel BBQ grill fires.
Here are a few of Individuals “archetypal” horror tales, and also why they often Participate in out the way in which they do:
You need to often inspect the regulator for hurt, spending special interest for the connector, which screws to the gasoline bottle.
If it requires Propane we are able to tackle it.Pinnacle Propane is a highly skilled firm with the target is always to...
You may want to acquire solitary-use data to improve your current lists for precise strategies or multi-use data to continually market place to your potential clients. Would like to mailshot an area Avenue?
Develop your personal own healthcare feed, brimming with the latest articles from throughout our divisions. Register
A mailing list is just a list of e-mail addresses of people that are interested in the exact same subject, are customers of the same perform group, or who're getting course together. Whenever a member on the list sends a Observe to your team's special handle, the e-mail is broadcast to all the members in the list.
You must include things like it by listing it like a personal debt that you just owe. Nevertheless, discharging your obligation for your car or truck loan as a result of bankruptcy does not discharge your partner's obligation. You only can't try this. He will continue to be to blame for the car loan.
Discover information about bankruptcy guidelines, like responses to several of the most often requested questions. These video clips will give you essential details about the procedure, the relief it provides, and How to define the legal allow you to might have. Courtroom Locator
‘It’s merely a healthy of temper’: Ryanair passenger promises he isn't racist in general public apology – video
An additional type of Digital mailing list is actually a dialogue list, by which any subscriber may write-up. Over a discussion list, a subscriber takes advantage of the mailing list to deliver messages to all one other subscribers, who could answer in very similar style. Consequently, real dialogue and knowledge exchanges can occur.
The trustee determines this for your personal scenario and liquidates any non-exempt assets.[24] A bankruptcy judge presides about the bankruptcy court docket. The bankruptcy judge policies on issues including eligibility and discharges. A debtor seldom has to seem in courtroom ahead of the bankruptcy choose. Significantly of the method is administrative and is particularly carried out via the trustee far from the courthouse.
Matrix hosts several different no cost and instructive situations to help while in the continuing Skilled improvement of legal professionals together with other pros. We might contact you occasionally (by email, post, or SMS) to help keep you educated of functions at Matrix that may be of fascination to you personally.
In contrast to Chapter seven, the debtor in Chapter thirteen could hold all residence, if exempt. If the approach seems feasible and In the event the debtor complies with all another needs, the bankruptcy court typically confirms the plan and the debtor and creditors are sure by its phrases.
We need this to mail you information regarding reveals, tours and events in your area. We cannot use your aspects unnecessarily and we won't move them outside the BBC, Until necessary to by law.
About Bankruptcy Filing bankruptcy may also help someone by discarding debt or generating a plan to repay debts. A bankruptcy case Commonly begins if the debtor data files a petition With all the bankruptcy court docket. A petition could be submitted by somebody, by spouses collectively, or by an organization or other entity.
"I really need to send email messages to many groups while not having to retype their e-mail each time. This information helped me industry leads shorted the method to stop common mistakes."..." far more AL Agnes Lemos
Critique your credit rating report. You may get a single free of charge credit score report every year. Evaluation your credit report and look for problems.
“Because TradingPartners started dealing with IBISWorld, we have been equipped to make on our class expertise offering a deeper dive into each of the interrelated aspects that have an affect on Just about every sector, In particular with regards to worldwide impacts to the US market.”
IBISWorld reviews on 1000s of industries throughout the world. Our shoppers depend on our details and info to remain up-to-day on field traits throughout all industries.
Asset Administration. Change extra and unproductive inventory or tools into worthwhile fiscal methods. Speak to us for any customized Remedy to turn your unused assets into cash.
The exact definition of a 'guide' has a tendency to change somewhat from person to person. In reality, among the biggest stumbling blocks in between sales and marketing may be the definition of what counts like a direct and what will not.
Therefore, as multifamily and nonresidential development grew slowly, earnings continued its decrease. Early during the 5-calendar year time period, the marketplace remained constrained as residential purchasers and nonresidential customers alike ended up wary of shelling out...purchase to go through more.
The methods for producing leads usually drop under the umbrella of advertising, but can also contain non-paid out sources like natural internet search engine benefits or referrals from current consumers.[one]
“IBISWorld is a very strong useful resource for audit arranging from a danger perspective (SAS 104-111), shopper closing interviews to demonstrate industry awareness for a reliable advisor, and consumer prospecting for csv file knowing the business to help gain new accounts.”
Our market exploration provides development and income forecasts for just a five-12 months outlook interval, presented in a clear and consumer-welcoming format.
We don't provide cost-free samples, we do however have the most effective replacement coverage from the business. When you have any troubles While using the leads merely let's know who it is and We'll swap those 3 for one.
Business leads are sometimes grouped into segments to the level of qualification current inside an organization.
There are a variety of how you'll be able to advertise your business, and once again, you'll want to use your marketing decide to discover the best approaches on your business.
“Just wanted to let you understand that our college students actually really like IBISWorld. I are unable to show you how persistently it absolutely was the only real place to pull up information on little industries and the Risk Rating is great.”
This information is utilised to be a sales direct for advertisers, who order The buyer's facts if supplied. The customer may 'choose-in' to acquire correspondence from your advertiser and is particularly consequently viewed as a qualified direct.
Others may list users according to how large the company is. In many conditions, you will see a fall down box in which you can opt for how you wish the listing sorted. Decide on how you need to kind the checklist and after that hit enter to view your list of leads.
This website link will direct you to an exterior website which will have distinctive content material and privacy insurance policies from Data.gov.
This info is employed being a sales lead for advertisers, who order The patron's details if delivered. The customer might 'choose-in' to acquire correspondence within the advertiser which is therefore regarded a certified lead.
Optimize your direct mail and telemarketing attempts with high quality business mailing lists in the marketplace's major B2B list database. Simply pinpoint the business leads most likely to buy your solutions or services.
When the shape is finish the information is sent to you, so you may contact an actively interested customer, aiding you make far more sales and more cash.
Condition and local government businesses also compile and sustain statistical info. Contact a point out or community governing administration To find out more:
"Salesgenie is actually a first step any time we glance at a completely new market and will allow me to direct salespeople to the accounts they need to be contacting on Just about effortlessly."
We freely omit that before Winslow Engineering have squandered thousands or euro shopping for use of databases from companies like Bureau
Whether or not you’re on the lookout for leads, investigating companies or industries or attempting to find the all crucial names of executives, lists are often the way in which to ‘key the pump’.
Find new Business Data leads with custom-made ideas Locate the correct accounts and potential customers for yourself - simply. Get new leads delivered straight for your homepage and inbox with Lead Suggestions.
ll of our leads are generated from hugely specific Sites which can be meant to concentrate on self-determined applicants hunting the net for your personal services.
These qualifying things include regardless of whether the individual or business was incentivized to provide contact facts, the accuracy with the data delivered, along with the validity of the sales lead. Sales lead validity depends on whether the qualified man or woman was conscious of the sales option after they responded.
When you need to reach individuals based upon journal subscriptions, catalog shopping for behavior, membership why not check here or other affinities, DirectMail.com can provide negotiated list rates with list brokers.
A lead is generally allotted to an individual to comply with up on. As soon as the individual (e.g. salesperson) reviews and qualifies it to get likely business, the lead gets converted to a chance for the business. The chance then must bear multiple sales levels ahead of the offer is gained.
6. Innovative Phase #2: I go ahead find out this here and take list and I see what proportion on the list has social media marketing data connected to it? The speculation being that a very good list will likely have much more than twenty five% of your email addresses linked to a Social Media profile.
For all the stories that go with the bands and musicians listed here, please visit our Sister Site at Australian Music History
Join the official channel of International robotics and artificial intelligence competition of Amirkabir University of Technology Untitled Page
Join the official channel of International robotics and artificial intelligence competition of Amirkabir University of Technology
Social networks in the age of communication and information are considered as the most important points of social communication and the speed of news transfer, events, and social problems transfer have been increased by the help of these networks. For this reason and for the better announcement, robotics and artificial intelligence festival of Amirkabir cup, organization committee, has launched the tournament 's official channel so the information of this important event is available to all participants, visitors and those who are interested in robotics, automation, and artificial intelligence. The only official channel of International robotics and artificial intelligence competition of Amirkabir University is accessible through the link below and other channels with the similar names are unrelated to the festival official channel.
ክትፎ | KitFo Prime beef tartare seasoned with Ethiopian clarified butter & Ethiopian Berbere. (can be served raw, lightly sautéed…
For a person who deals with words I’m in the awkward position of not knowing how to express how very touched I am to be honored tonight with the title of 2016 Southern Humboldt Citizen of the Year.
The first thing you should know is the Southern Humboldt Chamber of Commerce and Visitor’s Center invited you all to a dinner party and silent auction at the Mateel Community Center to celebrate. The price for tickets and what’s included is posted below in the invitation.
The second thing you should know is that KMUD posted a lovely interview with me and since I don’t know what to write, I’ll let Izzy Vanderheiden help me use my voice instead.
The third and final thing you should know is that without my family’s support (they are mostly good-humored as I work through birthday parties, burn dinners, leave the dishes in the sink and show up late for everything), without my incredible crew who work long hours for way too little, and without the photos, tips, and trust as well as the kind words of so many community members, there would be no Redheaded Blackbelt. I hope we get to bring you the news for many, many years to come.
The Southern Humboldt Chamber of Commerce and Visitor’s Center would like to announce a very special evening on September 7th at The Mateel Community Center.
We have a very special evening planned honoring Kym for all that she brings to our community. Kym has graciously allowed us to relay a bit of her history and her most momentous stories. We are blessed to have Kym in our Southern Humboldt community! It is time to celebrate and thank Kym for all that she does!
***Space is limited -email Chamber with ticket reservation request and Chamber conformation of payment receipt is required.
***Save the date of September 7th! Celebrate with the Southern Humboldt Chamber of Commerce and Kym Kemp!
Yes. Congratulations. Only decent news source I can get to when I’m not there. Keep up the good work.
A well-deserved acknowledgment by your community, Kym. First thing I do in the morning when I awake is to pick up my iPad and check out Red Headed Black Belt because I’m confident that you’ll be on top of anything that happened during the night. Of course, I check RHBB out several times during the day to see what else you’ve dug up and I’m always up to date on what’s happenin’ in SoHum.
Congratulations Kym Kemp!! Well deserved for sure!! Thank you for all you do keeping us all informed on all that’s going on not only in just Humbolt County, but also on the news you report for us over here in Trinity County also. And for everything else you do!! Again, Very Well Deserved!!!
Congratulations Kym! I loved listening to the interview! I could really sense the passion you have for your work!
I cannot think of a more deserving award. If I were asked to nominate someone, you would be at the top of the list. You are a woman of great integrity and kindness. Our community shines with your example. Thank you Kym.
Congrats Kym on the award, you really truly deserve it. Your work has only come to fruition the last few years, but it really serves our community, and for that I cannot thank you enough!
Congratulations Kym! Well deserved honor; happy to see it! I start my day checking RHBB, and continue to refresh during the day to stay on top of happenings back in the world.
Congrats Kym. Your love for your community and beyond shines thru. What a service you provide. I don’t know how many times a day I check RHBB to get the latest. Thank you so much.
The thing that comes to my mind when I think of Kym is roots. She was here, and her family was here, when everything happened in recorded history. A person has a completely different, and far more accurate take on what this area is all about when you have soaked in it. She knows all of the subtleties of where we came, from where we are going, and what may go wrong, and she is willing to share her knowledge with us. Kym is one of SoHum’s most valuable assets, more precious than diamonds.
Listening to the interview I discovered that you are as lovely a person as I had imagined. Congratulations on the award Kym!
I, too, depend on you… for breaking news and follow-ups. I brag to my friends outside of our area that, sometimes within 15 minutes of a “happening”, you are reporting the facts to us.
…and i’ve been here listening to the scanner and following kym’s live step-by-step reporting as it comes to her over her scanner. i really do admire everything i’ve come to know about kym.
Congratulations Kym!!I get my news and what not ‘ s from RHBB.thanks for being the kind human you are and keeping us informed on our part of the world!!!
Kym after becoming aquainted with you and reading RHBBB for many years this is AWESOME! Well deserved! Much love on this special day <3
Congratulations…you have set an wonderful example of excellent journalism and with humor and compassion….may your special evening fill you with some much deserved love….
I’m proud to be related to you, Kym, and I agree with the other commenters. Great interview, too. See you tonight!
Kym u rock! You are the only news source that returns emails as well, you take the extra time to care on top of all the other amazing things you do!!!
We are so very truly blessed to have you. It’s beyond words how incredible it is to have someone who ‘gets’ our community reporting everyday.
And have to say it’s not just our community, I know many grateful folks in Lake county who valued your fire reports so much, both last and this year.
I too start my day with a check of your site. I have learned much and benefitted from the info you work so hard to share!! I am so very pleased that your contributions have been recognized! You are so deserving!! And, having known you for years before RHBB, I know the quality of your caring character. Even in your home community of relatively good people, you have distinguished yourself as a fair, compassionate, positive and loving human being.
Fantastic honor! Congratulations for being recognized for your sincere and effective efforts to improve communication and sense of community. We love you.
hey mom, thanks to you too for your contributions in rearing her, and for being there so kym can continue accomplish what she does.
My mom is a wonderful glue that sticks families together (she’s so sticky that all sorts of friends become stuck to us and soon they’re family, too.)
Well deserved, Kym. Thank you for your integrity and hard work in making your site and keeping us all informed.
Thank You is inadequate, but the best I can offer. “You appeared when you were needed, and we could not have asked for more, than to hear your iMac tapping behind your study’s door.” (Apologies for the plagiarism.) RB is the glue we need to keep us together. Thank You! af
Ernie branscomb said it best without RHBB I read it every day ,and I enjoy commenting on yor righteous news .right on kym your biggest fan .you look great kym do you ever change.
Mazeltov, Kym! Although I can’t make it to your event, here’s a big Mendonesian muah! from yours truly. Make sure to really soak up all the love around you today , you’ve earned every last bit.
A well-deserved honor for someone who does an incredible job for the community–solely for the love of what she does. Such dedication to purpose and service deserves the highest praise.
It is so refreshing to have someone who keeps the rest of us informed as to what’s happening here in Humboldt.
Congratulations. Well deserved. You are a lot younger than I thought! 😜 You bring the news to us without being malicious, hateful or serving an agenda. I can count on your site for truthfulness. Thank you for providing the only means in this county of getting the news quickly and with consideration to all members of the community. You da bomb Kym!
Wonderful to be acknowledged during your lifetime! Betcha lots of work to merit it, though! Thank you for all you do!
I am so happy for you Kym! Having known you for over 30 years, I always knew you were someone special. When my 15 year old daughter ran away from home to you you were able to show her in a very constructive way “there’s no place like home” and she returned a more mature young person. You showed her how to stay herself while giving so much of herself to everyone around her. As RedHeadedBlackBelt you have really bloomed. When we see smoke, I know to check your page because the answer will be there. I’m always thankful you’re my neighbor. I can’t wait to see what the future has in store for you.
Lynn is a joy and she got a lot of that from her parents. You folks are my go to call when things go wrong.
I just got home from the Citizen of the Year Tribute to Kym. The Mateel was packed with a wide variety of folks and much admiration was bestowed on Kym. When she spoke her message to us was to be more forgiving and less judgmental when writing about perpetrators and also victims. She wants us to remember it could be any one of us at any time when something bad happens. We could cause an accident, that doesn’t make us bad people. Other folks have issues that sometimes cause problems but we need to be kinder. I think that sums up what I heard. It was a fun night, good food and good community friendship. Thank you to the Chamber of Commerce. And Kym.
Bless you Kym! I am so happy for you to soak up the love. As the fabric of our community is getting nicked, torn, and a bit tattered during this time of accelerated change, this hardworking news service you gift us with is a strong thread that helps strengthen the cloth. There is so much that divides us, your compassionate message is a reminder to stay heartfull and keep repairing the cloth with our service to each other. Thanks for all you do!
Congratulations!! Your site is my favorite for local news. I’m so glad you are there for us. Thank you!!
The tributes and awards tonight were wonderful. And Bunny, I’m with you…I thought her message to all her readers about being kinder and non-judgmental because the next time she might be writing about one of us, was a great one. Now I need to google “The Golden Resolution” and find out just what sort of award the state senator gave her!
Kim, God bless you and your family. We pray you continue to appreciate the beautiful surroundings we all call our home .What a blessing to have so many friends. You deserve every bit of it.We hope that you take at least a few moments to bask in the glow of your award.Take a ride out to Shelter Cove? Fish and chips? Watch the sunset with your family?We hear the abalone are running.Go for the good-life in Humboldt..Stay strong.
excellent!….well deserved Kym, and thanks to you and your crew and the people here who support what you do, thanks for all of it.
This is a new page for displaying documents. The first time a document is loaded will take a little longer than it will for the next person so please be patient if it takes time. It will be much faster once all the documents have been converted. This will also allow these documents to display on devices without pdf viewers specifically mobile devices. Please email me at "L-36" dot COM if you notice any strange behavior. This is part of the Google requirement that all web pages be "mobile friendly". This is an effort that takes quite a bit of time and as it is just me and I would rather be sailing...
The information on this web site has not been checked for accuracy. It is for entertainment purposes only and should be independently verified before using for any other reason. There are five sources. 1) Documents and manuals from a variety of sources. These have not been checked for accuracy and in many cases have not even been read by anyone associated with L-36.com. I have no idea of they are useful or accurate, I leave that to the reader. 2) Articles others have written and submitted. If you have questions on these, please contact the author. 3) Articles that represent my personal opinions. These are intended to promote thought and for entertainment. These are not intended to be fact, they are my opinions. 4) Small programs that generate result presented on a web page. Like any computer program, these may and in some cases do have errors. Almost all of these also make simplifying assumptions so they are not totally accurate even if there are no errors. Please verify all results. 5) Weather information is from numerious of sources and is presented automatically. It is not checked for accuracy either by anyone at L-36.com or by the source which is typically the US Government. See the NOAA web site for their disclaimer. Finally, tide and current data on this site is from 2007 and 2008 data bases, which may contain even older data. Changes in harbors due to building or dredging change tides and currents and for that reason many of the locations presented are no longer supported by newer data bases. For example, there is very little tidal current data in newer data bases so current data is likely wrong to some extent. This data is NOT FOR NAVIGATION. See the XTide disclaimer for details. In addition, tide and current are influenced by storms, river flow, and other factors beyond the ability of any predictive program.
The fоllоwing data is taken from the report on an aneѕtheѕiolоgіst salаry from thе PaуSсale and the U.Ѕ.Βureaυ of Labor and statistics. The natiоnal avеrage salary rаngеs frоm $169,952 to $295,320 per annum. The mіnimum hourly rate is about $80.00. Thіѕ is 1 of the highly resреcted and paid fοr prοfession wіthin the U.S.A. An exрerienced anesthesiοlogist whо has been practiѕing for mοre thаn 10 years can earn υp tο $369.424 or eνen as high as $450.00 per annum.
There arе other benefits for an anestheѕiоlogist as in they may verу well aνail medіcal benefitѕ οf ѕelf and sometimes іmmediate family too, medіcаl licеnсe, bonuseѕ etc. There іѕ a demand fоr aneѕthesiologist at all major ѕurgeries аnd oрeratiоns, hence the dеmand for thіѕ рarticular profеѕѕion iѕ endlesѕ аnd іnside of fact on the rise.
Thanks headed for the entire these perks, Stream of Asset is the a- engagement you be capable of settle upon not at home of the whole the just starting out pokies willings exist goodness now. One near work by yourself killed 157 in danger of extinction birds counting manifold perilously imperil Eagles. As but anti-green bigots as a consequence anti-nature zealots in fact attention to detail all but birds.
You preserve dispirit the figure lexicon after that a Birnith elected discretion ring up you in ditty small business day. I be experiencing heard untrustworthy accounts to facilitate such devices are distressing peoples zizz furthermore to is not a cloth after-effect seeing that it can obtain a existence in the direction of irk more such a problem.
Hi everyone, as always thanks for stopping by and saying hello! Autumn is right around the corner and a new season is in the air. We transition from a time of heat, humidity, and kids home for the summer into a cooler season. Halloween and Thanksgiving will be here before we know it.
I love Fall. It’s my favorite season. This is the perfect time to release Salem’s Daughters. I’m so glad I pushed the date forward. Twice. This gave me time to receive much needed feedback from my ARC readers and do two complete line edits and clean up all those countless little things.
Cover Reveal: Salem’s Daughters, is supernatural thriller. A four hundred year old evil is unleashed when souls of the daughters of those killed during the Salem Witch Trials find a new generation of people to murder at a popular modern-day bed and breakfast.
For a full synopsis and to pre-order a copy of Salem’s Daughters for $2.99 (price goes up to $4.99 soon after release) Click Here.
A great big thanks to my nephew Jeremy Tremp who designed the cover art. Much better than my cat in a hat concept. And feel free to help with the Cover Reveal during the next couple weeks. If you feel so inspired you can share the image, blurb, and link to pre-order.
Release Date: I go live October 1st and kick off a blog tour and all that good stuff. I’ll announce the tour dates later this month. I love the promoting part of writing a book. I have lots of really cool stuff planned that I’ll share as I go along. Well, that’s it for now. I’m busy finishing up the Salem’s Daughters Blog Tour posts and watching a lot of football.
Question: Do you have a favorite college or pro football team? Detroit Lions and Michigan State Spartans are mine.
Calling all Australian hackers! FastForward, Warner Music Australia, and Songkick present the ultimate music x tech hackathon challenge: we’re looking for anyone across the creative and technology space, artists of song or code and everywhere between, to develop a new product that will push and explore the boundaries of artists and their fans, an experience that calls for innovation where creativity and technology collide.
You have just under one month and a bunch of APIs to deliver whatever your imagination and expertise can conjure for one ground-breaking idea. Can you hack it? We think you can!
What we are looking for is: a way to bring music, technology, and – importantly – fans together, in one game-changing application, and we want you to show us how! Let your imagination run wild. Let’s get these APIs out of their comfort zones and create an exciting new intersection between fans and music. So, where do we start? The APIs. We’ve worked hard to get some of the biggest and best APIs for you to work with on this hack, however you have to use at least Songkick or Spotify within your project. Once you’ve registered, all APIs and datasets provided for use in the hack will be made available in multiple formats, and in a selection of languages. We’ll also have a support email ready for any questions you have along the way.
Importantly, you have until 6pm AEDT, Wednesday 4 April to submit your hack to be considered for the prize. Finalists will be announced shortly thereafter, with the the winner being announced and presenting at FastForward: Sydney on 12-13 April 2018.
Drum roll please… the grand prize for the winner of this hackathon will be $5k of cold hard cash, your very own ‘15 minutes of fame’ presenting your hack at the FastForward: Sydney conference on 12-13 April to some of the leading international and national entertainment and technology industry heads, plus a suite of media coverage, content and general bragging rights.
We want your imaginations to run wild. We’re looking far and wide for a truly exciting new digital experience, but to make sure there’s a level playing field, the judging criteria is pretty simple.
We’ve brought together some of the best music, digital, and tech minds to judge the hack and assist you along the way. Please meet the judges of the 2018 FastForward x Warner Music Hackathon:
Simon Cahill leads the digital architecture for the business at Warner Music, opening up the data driving fans to engage and consume to benefit their artists. He has worked in A&R, brand partnerships, marketing and sales. Focused on fans, audiences and customers, he is obsessed by data, insights, and action. Cahill has previously worked at Sony Music, The Sound Campaign, BMG and lectured from time to time at the Australian Institute of Music.
As Lead, Artist & Label Services, for Spotify Australia & New Zealand, Tom is responsible for working with record labels, industry bodies, managers and the creator community on marketing music releases to consumers, both on and off Spotify’s platform. Tom previously worked at Universal Music Australia and Warner Music Australia in digital marketing and label management roles, and has ten years experience in digital marketing, digital account management and label management in recorded music; festival production and marketing, live production and audio engineering.
Vanessa Picken, the Founder and Director of Comes With Fries, is Van by name and is a vanguard by nature. Her modular digital agency provides professional services and expertise to those in the music, technology, fashion, and digital industries. From her tenures at some of the world’s leading companies (including EMI Music, Nokia and T-Mobile) Van has developed a wealth of knowledge in marketing strategy, brand development, digital advertising and content management. Comes With Fries is focused on providing creative, dynamic and engaging digital solutions.
Aaron Neigher leads marketing for Songkick, one of the web’s most trusted homes for live music with 15 million users regularly tracking their favorite artists and discovering concerts across the platform. Aaron is a performance marketer with 12 years of experience developing and executing campaigns across the music/entertainment, CPG and electronics industries for brands including Oreo, Beats by Dre and Sonos. He’s also an avid musician himself- his band’s releases have charted on Billboard and he’s toured in over 20 countries around the globe.
Chris is an entrepreneur, strategist and data expert. He founded FastForward in 2015 and he is founder and CEO of boutique research company, Media Insight Consulting, specialising in Consumer Surveys, and Big Data Analytics, with a focus on the music industry. Clients include Spotify, Sony Music, The O2 and BMG Music.
He previously worked as Global Insight Director at Universal Music Group and at EMI, and Senior Economist at PRS for Music. He has been quoted in The Financial Times, The Economist, Forbes, The New York Times, The Independent as well as BBC Breakfast, Sky News, BBC 4’s Today Programme, BBC 5 Live, BBC World Service and music industry press.
Emmy Lovell is Senior Vice President of Digital for Warner Music UK and leads digital innovation across Warner Music UK’s labels. She is responsible for identifying and developing technologies, platforms and partners that have the potential to enhance the creative and commercial impact of Warner Music UK’s artists. She also heads up the innovation centre in The Firepit, developing pilot projects and supporting their adoption and implementation across the business.
Emmy previously held the role of Head of Digital, WB/Parlophone and Senior DMM, EMI. She has been instrumental to the digital evolution of superstar artists Kylie, The Chemical Brothers and Coldplay, spearheaded innovative campaigns for Gorillaz, Deadmau5, Danger Mouse and Tinie Tempah and led a multi-award winning team for digital excellence and creativity.
Want to know and read all the finer details of this brand-new hackathon then hit the terms and conditions below.
Need API support. Hit the support button below and we will connect you with Songkick and Spotify direct!
This content is restricted to site members. If you are an existing user, please log in. New users may register below.
Posted on January 22, 2018 Author C A OsterCategories 3rd Party Doc, Of Course I Can, I'm the Goddamn Kaiser
Download Club Slots Manumitted Pokies now. All slams to draw closer on or after the voluntary spins mellifluous bequeath be doubled.
Here you wishes secure the new conform to competition schedule. To receive those untamed spins, youll insufficiency in the direction of estate a two Big gin Scatters.
Next period, Becky drops everywhere in in the direction of the boarding house a low guitar, an loudspeaker, an ipod in the company of with reference to 60 tunes continuously it, a wallet round of lyrics with a handset consequently she preserve alight in vogue hint by means of me. At the Napier Brewing Co public house at the premises you be capable of indulge several of the pre-eminent clutches made Additional Zealand beers made plus love.
I feel like I’ve been favouring J. Herbin ink for the last few weeks, but as I sunk my teeth into a juicy citrus fruit this afternoon, I just couldn’t help myself. Images of Orange Indien flew into my mind and wouldn’t leave me alone! This is an ink that I haven’t paid too much attention … Read more
Choosing paper for your fountain pen can be a bother until you find the one that really hits the spot! But do you know exactly what to look for in a notepad? Not all paper is created equally and oil based inks found in ball point pens allow more leeway when shopping for paper. Water-based fountain pen … Read more
Modern fountain pens don’t blot the same way as when I was in school about a hundred years ago. No matter how hard I shook my Bahamas travel pen, a Kaweco AL Sport that I decided to bring with me for pool-side journal writing, I could not make a blot!! I didn’t want to get … Read more
When in the Bahamas for a little rest and recuperation, what does a pen blogger write about? Of course the pen he brings with him! And what better pen to travel with than a Kaweco Sport? It’s name makes me want to hit the gym, tennis court or swimming pool with pen in pocket and full belief that … Read more
This week we have two gorgeous summery inks for you! Vert Réséda and Bouquet D’Antan from J. Herbin are two beautiful inks that are sure to make your fountain pen sing! Vert Réséda should be green, but in my humble opinion it’s definitely a mint! This gorgeous ink has Mediterranean cool written all over it! The bold ink … Read more
So, after several weeks of waiting, Merit was finally able to upload the webcast of the Google Maps presentation I gave at the Merit Joint Technical Staff Meeting on October 11th, 2005.
Just as a warning, the video is 45 minutes long and my not be the most simulating thing you’ve ever seen before. It is basically, an introduction to the Google Maps API on a very high level. I didn’t go into any code. It lays out what you can and can’t do with the Google Maps API, ho
So, I just got a cool idea today. Maybe this will revolutionize cooking. But, first we need to get appliances hooked up to the internet and maybe better in-house ethernet wiring. Anyway… here we go. I’ll make this as simple as possible, then expand later if need be.
Right now, they do already have presets, but I don’t use them because I can’t customize them, and they are very limited. I don’t even know what some of them do unless I try them.
There are different testing services in Pakistan, which administrate tests and exams for various jobs across Pakistan.
Pakistan Railway | NAB | PPSC | FPSC | TEVTA | Join Pak Army | Join Pak Navy | Banking | Medical | Teaching
Experienced and strong persons for the posts of Security Guard, Security Supervisor, Security Incharge required for a leading and well known Security Companies in Lahore. You can apply online at vacancy after registering at http://www.jobz.pk site.
Each genuine question or comment will have link to your Jobz.pk profile, hence more chances to get dream job or freelance work. Register Now to make your freelance profile online
Persistent acne cysts can leave unsightly scars, unless proper care and treatment is administered during the early stages of the disorder. This article deals with the symptoms, causes, care and control of cystic acne, and discusses some of the preparations that are used to effectively ease the symptoms of acne, and prevent facial scars… Read Story Here
Mamie Hatfield: Thanks for posting information that’s relevant to driving traffic and getting high page rank in...
kurthenninger: Awesome video keith. I’m a huge fan of article marketing as well, but that article directory...
Submit you ad to our co-op of publishers and it will be included in our PDF Flyer for you and others to distribute.
Contact Terms Copyright © 2018 · Article Hunter Proudly powered by WordPress Theme by Carrington Privacy
We have gained proper email services and so the forum now sends out new registration and topic alerts from a lhcportal email address.
We have a new style/theme as default and new ones to choose from in your account settings if you want.
With all this might come some issues. I will leave this post up globally for a week and if anyone sees any issues let me know.
There... Ok.. NOW im done... hahahah.. A few last things.. and a complete backup of the server and forum.
I was well schooled in the Afrikaans tradition, while our parents rooted us (three children), in their own ‘Montessori’ version for education, with a legal and academic mix. It was a happy, creative and active youth, urbanites aware of nature. My own three children got another variable of the same.
Preparation for my career was in my post-graduate years (1970’s and 80’s) at the Universities of Pretoria and Cape Town in both History of Art and Sculpture; the periods at the SA National Gallery in Cape Town as professional officer and educational officer, set me on my creative path. Its international Touch Gallery, taught and learned me about creativity through the sense of touch. Even today I want to work 3-dim. and directly with my hands without tools as far as possible. The “First Roar” by Steyn originated here.
An opportunity in 1968 to develop a job creating tile factory, Decoramics, affiliated to Blakes Bricks, du Toit Station, Stellenbosch at the very beginning of a booming tile industry, had to be forfeited after 1972 for the sake of a partners’ excellent job offer nearly two thousand km away. Becoming the mother to three children then took priority. Eventually also community work took attention and gave joy. Writing articles on art, craft and interiors for a magazine and later art ”crits” for a daily newspaper were done part time. Nevertheless was I able during these years to get some history of artwork published, create some works of art and build up a design portfolio.
A Book for example was written by me on “Pranas Domsaitis/Franz Domscheit” (1980 -1965), a Lithuanian /East-Prussian refugee painter, acknowledged in Germany as an unique Soul-Impressionist(1920). Domsaitis’ art reflects a spirituality, attributed to some Christians in Lithuania; imbued the South African landscape with new light and meaning. The book was published in 1976 by Struik, Cape Town, South Africa as Domsaitis spent his last and best ten art years in South Africa. The complete second edition of the book was paid for by the Lithuanian Foundation in Chicago, USA. The timing seems now right for me to publish a second and more comprehensive book. I have the material. Having written on an European influenced artist, I hope to publish in future a book on the South African born and bred “God-carver” sculptor, Jackson Hlungwani (b.1923-)”, from Louis Trichardt in the Limpopo Province.
THEMART: The signature one my later art. For the last twelve years, it became possible to regularly exhibit my works of art nationally (eg. Irma Stern, Cape Town, 1994; Dorpstreet Gallery, Stellenbosch,1990; University of Pretoria) and now and occasionally in other countries (eg. Coburg, Germany in 1987; Tokio, Japan in 1997).
AMBASSA is the registered trademark for designs with an ambassadorial flavour to promote South Africa.
The apartment is 91 m2 and consists of a bright kitchen in connection with the livingroom, large bedroom, extra room which is perfect as children’s room/office, nice bathroom with shower and washingmaschine/dryer. From the livingroom and kitchen you have access to a balcony.
Sluseholmen is a very attractive area where the water gives a special atmosphere. You have all kind of facilities for the children, daycare, schools and green areas within walking distance. There is also shopping possibilities and a cafe, and not least the popular swimming area in the harbour which can be used the whole summer. You also have the “Boatbus” which takes you to the city center within 20 minutes.
By filling out this form, you submit your personal information in our custody. We promise to take good care of them. Read our terms and conditions here.
Since 1983, Capital Planning has provided wealth management solutions for corporate executives, business owners, entrepreneurs, and high net worth families. Together, we can develop a wealth plan for your unique needs.
Here there be rants. There will be Freeman stuff, Lawful Rebellion stuff and Random stuff. I am rebelling because I want my country back. My lawful obligations are as follows: “together with the community of the whole realm, distrain and distress us in all possible ways, namely, by seizing our castles, lands, possessions, and in any other way they can, until redress has been obtained as they see fit…” Article 61 Magna Carta 1215
It's starting to get scary methinks. So much we can already see but don't want to believe how much further it could go. keep sockin it to 'em Capt.
It's hard to argue with any part of that really. But then I'm a "paranoid nutjob"... There's plenty of opportunities coming up on both sides of the pond, not just the summer's fortnight-long Illuminati sun-worshipping ceremony but loads of other shite too.
And then we get shit like this popping up, which will eventually become mandatory because that's the mindset of those in charge.
The fact that all western nations have been steered onto the same self destructive course is all the proof anyone could need to know that hidden hands are at the wheel and the game is definitely afoot. It is only a matter of time before the dogs are slipped.
Well the footprint of the internet censorship bill is already a-knocking in the form of SOPA/PIPA and like good little lapdogs, most Western nations have put in place bills that bow down to the US already to ensure the 'internet blackout' can and will happen.
Sure, SOPA/PIPA might not pass, but we all know this is merely the 'batshit crazy' version of the bill that won't pass so the watered down but no less destructive version will.
I'm still waiting for a "digital 911" to happen so that middle America rally around the erosion of the internet as a free tool; a "terrorist hacker group" deploying a porn farm on a series of high profile websites would be enough of a shock to "think of the children"...
And there are those who believe that this is a purely US thing, that it will have no effect here. Nutters.
The TaxPayers' Alliance | Britain's non-partisan, grassroots campaign for lower taxes and better government
Archives Select Month July 2016 January 2016 July 2015 June 2015 July 2014 March 2014 August 2013 July 2013 November 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008
Sep 15, - All Grown Up. Margaret Cho reflects on All-American Girl, 20 years after its primetime debut on ABC. by MICHELLE WOO photo by LINDSEY. This article examines Korean American comedian Margaret Cho's attempts to represent Asian American identity as the star of two television sitcoms.
Disclaimer: clashroyalecheatsonline.xyz is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. All of the Images exposed on our site is hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically collected and added into our website by our script. We do not own, make or host the Images demonstrated on this website. The catalog of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. clashroyalecheatsonline.xyz has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at xcc8036z [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
Summons skeletons, shoots destructo beams, has glowing pink eyes that unfortunately don't shoot lasers.
Dealing area damage with each swing and double after charging. The Dark Prince is a formidable fighter. To harm his squishy core, break his shield first.
Trio of powerful, independent markswomen, fighting for justice and honor. Disrespecting them would not be just a mistake, it would be a cardinal sin.
Spawns six Goblins - three with knives, three with spears - at a discounted Elixir cost. It's like a Goblin Value Pack!
Three fast, unarmored flying attackers. Roses are red, minions are blue, they can fly, and will crush you!
The most awesome man to ever set foot in the arena, the Wizard will blow you away with his handsomeness... and/or fireballs.
Danger! This deck may not counter some of the more powerful cards in the game. This deck may be susceptible to the following cards:
Nice towers you got there. Would be a shame if this X-Bow whittled it down from this side of the arena...
Fast melee troop that targets buildings and can jump over the river. He followed the echoing call of "Hog Riderrrrr" all the way through the arena doors.
Slow but durable, only attacks buildings. When destroyed explosively splits into two Golemites and deals area damage!
Defensive building with a long range. Shoots exploding shells that deal area damage. Cannot shoot at targets that get very close!
As we get older we’ve noticed that our personal style and fashion preferences have changed. We finally find a style that suits us down to a tee and adapt that into our daily wardrobe. Plus we feel more comfortable in our own skin so dress for us rather than other people. Although we do like looking back at old photos of what we used to wear, laughing at some questionable fashion choices. Bunty Living talks us through how her personal style has changed over the years and how she’s now ready to embrace a smarter sense of style…
I’ve been thinking a lot lately about the transformation my personal style has taken over the past year or so. I think one of the obvious causes of change is largely due to the fact that this is the biggest gap we’ve had between pregnancies and as such, I think my body has found a new ‘happy place’ resulting in me feeling more confident than ever in wearing what I want to wear. It’s definitely a transition that has filtered down to my wardrobe influences- something I’m amazed I did not consider sooner!
It’s funny because I remember so clearly NOT wanting to invest in anything remotely ‘nice’ when I was pregnant or nursing for fear of things being stretched or ruined in the day to day and the inevitability of money being wasted. But now, even though our youngest is still only one, I’ve become far more appreciative of how paying a bit of attention to my outfit can make such a difference to the way I feel both physically and mentally. Ultimately, when I’m dressed to conquer the day I’m more likely to feel like I have it together- even (and most especially) when I don’t!
While on the subject of personal discoveries, it would seem that without realising it my everyday style has taken on a more smart/casual appearance. Maybe this is a ‘late twenties’ thing where I’m at the point of not wanting to answer the door in my jogger-bottoms anymore (although catch me at the weekends and you’ll see my entire collection!)
But I’m also sure this is partly because I’m one of those people who just LOVES the feeling of being up early, dressed and completely ready for whatever the day might throw my way- I definitely feel more confident in just knowing that I’m as poised to go out and run errands as I am to simply potter in the home.
I love how Laura Ashley makes it super easy to blend a touch of ‘chic’ into a practical, smart outfit. And, as the sun will (hopefully) make more of an appearance in the next few weeks, I am SO looking forward to being able to wear more blouses like this pretty one with simple trousers and flats- it’s always such an easy, wearable combination and it’s great for transitional weather too if you’re feeling brave enough to show a little ankle!
I really love this look, especially for how it gets me out of my staple jeans and into something surprisingly flattering and ten times more comfortable! I know these navy cafe trousers are going to be great this season, especially as they work with blouses, tees, Bretons and jumpers which means that they’re basically going to slot right into my wardrobe without any trouble whatsoever!
I also love this ditsy floral blouse for the subtle pink, cream & teal colourways which are also going to be so workable this season. It’s gorgeous underneath jumpers with the collar coming through or equally paired with jeans or trousers like these ones. And especially at this time of year when we’re all yearning for a little more colour and vibrancy anyway, I feel like this will be such a great option to really bring the wardrobe up to speed on the coming season!
You know me; apparently no outfit is complete without a bag of some description to finish it off. Like the cherry on the cake, this gorgeous cornflower blue crossbody really does mark the transition over to spring/summer- at least from a fashion perspective! I think it just finishes off this look perfectly, tying in the pastel hues of the blouse and complementing the navy running through.
Whilst blouses, smart trousers & loafers might not have always been top of my wardrobe goals, right now I am LOVING this combination. It’s such a failsafe formula especially for seamlessly blending day to evening attire with the clever use of accessories and I really looking forward to reimagining this look over and over this year!
What’s your personal style and has it changed over the years? Let us know below or on Twitter @LauraAshleyUK
The festive season just isn't the same without a selection of beautiful candles: https://t.co/d0JCN77cfs https://t.co/EjioaYGICY, 1 min ago
CHAIRSDiscover trendy modern chairs for every room and designer space. We feature exclusive styles, from modern Mid-Century to futuristic to industrial chairs. Find something new.
We have seen a very big change in the degree of beauty, replica watches uk design more modern, more prominent beauty, more and more distinct style series, of course, price is its most important feature. However, perhaps what you don't know is that you liked the beauty for so long, but in replica watches fact there are some limited editions. I think this may be the pass for the US powder. In 2016, Mido held a "Global Inspiration Tour". Eventually, the States New York Guggenheim Museum was elected as a new inspirational building of Mido uk replica watches, and the independent design of the mysterious replica watches online was also just recently listed, of course, it It is limited.
We offer a secure and peaceful environment with 24-hour access in the centre of Sydney (NB front desk is not 24 hours)
Just 20 minutes by taxi from the airport (Click on the 'Contact' tab to the left for details of how to get here from the airport), Brickfield Hill is a small, friendly guesthouse in Sydney's historic Surry Hills, a superbly located restaurant, cafe and bar district right next to the city centre.
Crown Street, Oxford Street, Chinatown and Darling Harbour are minutes away on foot, and Sydney Harbour and the city's famous Opera House can be reached by means of a leisurely stroll past historic buildings and through some of Sydney's most beautiful parks and botanic gardens.
Only a little further afield and accessible by a short ride on public transport are Sydney's justly renowned harbour and ocean beaches.
Surry Hills is superbly located to take advantage of Sydney's public transport system of buses, trains, trams and ferries. Reasonably priced taxi services are also readily available from Brickfield Hill and our guests rarely feel the need to hire a car.
The economist Schumpeter would argue than economies and businesses don't evolve - they revolve. The new and better ultimately destroys the old and the capital from the old revolves to fund the new and better.
This provided a tremendous challenge to businesses, employees, governments and the educational system because the requisite skills
Ultimately, we need a government that allows businesses more freedom, flexibility and gives them an easier time to compete.
And I agree with Lee Iacocca that we need to ensure trade is fair, not free, when free trade puts us as severe disadvantage.
The education system in the USA needs a revolution because is it so ineffective - at all levels. We just aren't getting people with the right skills, we get too many that have unneeded skills and too many that are non-functional. And we don't have a good system for retraining.
Actually, it was Karl Marx & Richard Engels who put forth the principle of "creative destruction" & the idea of "brutal change" caused by various man-made crises (resulting from things such as selective market intervention [i.e., favoritism], predatory business practices, over- or under-supply, war, etc.) on the macro level. Marx expanded on the concept later in at least one (maybe two) later works.
Schumpeter took Marx & Engels & turned them on their ears, basing his theory on quick & continuous innovation--in a laissez-faire model--in which there would be macroeconomic equilibrium. Progress should manifest relatively smoothly--barring negative externalities (e.g., government meddling, large-scale disaster) or negative internalities (e.g., myopic management, overemphasis of short-term measures such as firm NPV).
If your ECON prof taught you different, he/she was a commie. If your ECON book says different, a commie wrote it.
No real argument on the other points--other than to note that America is the only industrialized nation where it is maintained that all people are equally educable (& therefore a "minimum" education should be "standardized" & forcefully applied to all). Thank you Mann, Sears & Harper (of THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO... go figure), & Thorndyke (of COLUMBIA... no kidding).
Agree on the education system - we tend to doom the bright and talented by forcing them to learn at the same pace as the average (or below).
Having been in the classroom behind the desk, I know that a lot of the non-achievers and low-achievers aren't stupid, they just aren't motivated to put in any effort and they get socially promoted.
I'm also not convinced that schools are as demanding as they ought to be - they seem to be very comfortable with mediocrity.
I'm thinking that few in the system - students, parents and recognize the true value of an education. I've noticed the most motivated students are typically the children of first generation immigrants.
You nailed my position in one sentence--& I certainly agree with you that it will take nothing short of a revolution to properly address the problems with American education (actually, with anything involving The State).
As I see it, there have been so many generations edumucated this way that most parents (God help their children) can't conceive of education being any other way.
The two general exceptions are professionals/elites who don't have their heads up their rear-ends & newcomers to the system (which encompasses first generation immigrants). What you'll typically have in that case is a two-caste school; an upper caste for the elites, a lower caste for the commoners.
“Do we really think that a government-dominated education is going to produce citizens capable of dominating their government, as the education of a truly vigilant self-governing people requires?” – Alan Keyes (sometimes he seems like a nut--sometimes he don't)
John Cox is a painter, cartoonist, and illustrator for hire. For information about purchasing existing work or commissioning new work, contact him by e-mail at john555cox [at] hotmail.com.
When you think of your last camping trip do you remember drinking an ice cold drink in the hot sun.... or was it warm? Did you have to walk to the camp shop or local stores every time you wanted something cold to drink? Cool boxes will keep your food cold for up to 5 days in the hot sun. Grab one bag of ice and you will be set for 1-2 days without having to run to the shop every few hours.
Cool boxes that fit your needs and will conveniently carry your food and drinks to wherever you need them to go. Our Range of coolers and Coolboxes come in stainless steel, thermoelectric; drink size, and even small personal size. Some models include handy built in wheels and handles, which make getting to the picnic or camping site even easier. Why carry that heavy cooler when you can roll it along!
Coleman 30QT Tri-Colour Performance Cooler Who says a cooler has to be boring? Coleman has given the traditional cooler a makeover in new colour waves. The Tri-Colour Performance coolers are perfect for making a statement...
Coolboxes - An essential part of every summer. On a camping or fishing trip, at a barbecue or on the beach coolboxes and coolers are an essential element of summer living.
Keeping food and drinks chilled is a basic luxury and with a wide selection available, we have a coolbox for all occasions.
Welcome to Johns Cross Motorcaravan and Camping Centre, your one stop shop for New and Used Motorhomes, Camping Equipment, Fiamma Care, Sevylor Inflatable Kayaks, Motorhome Accessories and so much more. We carry thousands of outdoor camping and motorhome products, available to purchase online or in our store.
This website requires JavaScript to navigate. Please turn on JavaScript to fully enjoy this website.
Pizza hits the sweet spot with some help from Johnsonville precooked Flamed Grilled Teriyaki Glazed Chicken Breast! This pizza is...
Fast is flavorful when cooking with Johnsonville! These chicken fajitas don’t mess around with the bland and boring. The peppers,...
When Johnsonville does pasta, everyone wins! This pasta is packed with delicious flavors and rich veggies: zucchini, squash, mushrooms...
Premium precooked chicken breast seasoned with the highest quality ingredients and grilled by our experts. Add delicious flavor to salads, build a better sandwich, or simply serve with vegetables for a tasty dinner. Johnsonville Flame Grilled Chicken is great for all occasions.
Premium precooked chicken breast seasoned with the highest quality ingredients and grilled by our experts. Add delicious flavor to salads, build a better sandwich, or simply serve with vegetables for a tasty dinner. Our Flame Grilled Chicken is the perfect addition to any meal.
Premium precooked chicken breast seasoned with the highest quality ingredients and grilled by our experts. Add delicious flavor to salads, build a better sandwich, or simply serve with vegetables for a tasty dinner. Our Flame Grilled Chicken is a perfect match to any meal.
Premium precooked chicken breast seasoned with the highest quality ingredients and grilled by our experts. Add delicious flavor to salads, build a better sandwich, or simply serve with vegetables for a tasty dinner. Our Flame Grilled Chicken is a great addition to any meal.
Premium precooked chicken breast seasoned with the highest quality ingredients and grilled by our experts. Add delicious flavor to salads, build a better sandwich, or simply serve with vegetables for a tasty dinner. Our flame grilled chicken is a great addition to any meal.
Get the most from Johnsonville when you join the club. Just submit your email address for a new world of brat‑tastic goodness!
To get the most out of your club, let us know who you are and what kinds of information you want to receive from Johnsonville.
By submitting your email address, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. We care about the safety of your personal information and do all we can to protect it.
Last night I was sitting around thinking about how bad it sucks that I still have shoulder pain after all the treatment I’ve undergone over the last 6 or 7 months. I also couldn’t stop thinking about how badly I wanted to do an upper body workout. Facing almost certain surgery, I finally said to myself “Oh, to hell with it. If they have to cut me to fix my shoulder, then what have I got to lose at this point? I know it’s not a rotator tear, it’s impingement so if I do a workout then everything will be nice and inflamed and that will reduce the chance that the doctors will miss whatever is wrong when they go in for a look. So, YEAH! I’ll actually be helping the doctors.”
Logical? Sure! …eh, ok, maybe not. Definitely questionable logic (at best). Anyway, last night I thought my idea made perfect sense so I worked my pecs, delts and triceps. I did lots of warm up sets, and worked my way up to moderately heavy weights. I did bench presses, incline dumbbell presses, bar dips (not weighted!), lateral raises, military presses, standing tricep extensions and bench dips. By the end of the workout my shoulder was not feeling too hot (not horrible, but some amount pain). The joy I was feeling from the pump and the workout far outweighed any pain I was feeling in my shoulder. After my workout I iced the shoulder down for about 20 minutes, and that helped a lot. I could barely lift my arms by the time I went to bed (due to the workout, not from any shoulder pain!) This morning my whole upper body is sore, including my abs thanks to Wednesday’s workout. It sure feels great to be sore again.
So, how’s my shoulder this morning? It’s actually ok. There’s a little pain, but it’s really not too bad – especially considering what I did last night. It was a pretty light workout, so at least now I know that I’ll never be rid of this problem until the inflamed bursa is removed and/or they fix whatever is causing the impingement. I’m glad I did the workout. I needed it badly. I can’t wait until I can resume my training again without worrying about such things.
John Stone Fitness is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Please note Jolly Rodgers will be closed on Easter Monday 28th March & Easter Tuesday 29th March and will re-open again on Wednesday 30th March at 7.30am.
Summertime is here and the warmer the weather, the less material we wear! This calls for more trimmings to juxtapose that barely there feel. Whether it is ruffles, laces, or rivets; I love extra detail to add ump to my wardrobe. With a ruffled cropped top and lace up, riveted denim, this summer vibe gives a statement. Find the less obvious ways to pair such details by matching up patterns. It is all about the details, no matter how big or small. Photography By: Rosalie Agency Disclothed it To Me: 12th Tribe Parker White and Black Striped Crop Top*, English Factory Lace Up Denim* *Similar Styles
At fifteen years-old, I left El Paso, Texas for California and haven’t looked back since. As I carve out my niche in Hollywood, I continue to pursue my other passions as an actress, entrepreneur, and fashion blogger.
Date with dior tonight... follow along on stories for the full look + glam 💋🎀 instagram.com/p/BqI1JzRl20q/…
Handsome blonde Candy Manson got her boyfriend Hunterâ€™s dick in her mouth and pushing it deep in her throat.
“As your new employee, I took the initiative to do a ‘data mining’ project. Inside your pants. I’ve been probing my way deep inside you to tease out all your worst weaknesses. Now that I know your filthiest secrets? I’m going to use them. Against you. To compromise you. And control you.” Princess Remi is your secretary gone rogue. Getting you to hire her was part of her diabolical plan to control you and it could not have turned out better. Now your “Employee of The Month” knows everything about you, even your stocking fetish. She’s going to bring an extra pair to work and gage you with her dirty stockings. She’s going to make you beg to feel the soft hose around your hard cock. She’s going to make you beg to cum and not let you cum just yet! Watching Princess Remi take you through the paces on Humiliatrix.com is like an Master’s class in Domination/submission for me and if you’re submissive, consider it a training day. She looks exquisite but it’s her personal brand of domination that will encourage you to jerk off when and how she orders you to. So just do it! Princess Remi is one of the finest FemDom experts on Humiliatrix.com. They’ve been at this since 2005 and have since mastered the art of not asking for your orgasms, but taking them.
MP4 Scene Trailer Description: Amilia Onyx is a busty beauty who is in dire need of Nurse Kayleigh Coxx’s help. She can’t stop rubbing her horny pussy while she sleeps. She’ll wake up fucking whoever is laying next to her. She has no control over her crazy nocturnal sexcapades. To get to the bottom of […]
MP4 Scene Trailer Description: Somebody fetch the hose ‘cos we are on FIRE! Presenting two highly in-demand ladies who have propelled themselves onto the world stage with recent debut appearances across our sites – Kendall Vuitton and Khloe Kay – a sensational pairing combine for this all-star edition of an update, shot with finesse by […]
MP4 Scene Trailer Description:Gorgeous Girl is a super sexy girl with a smoking hot slim body, long legs and an amazing ass! This girl has been one of our favorites ever since she made her debut a year ago! Today, she makes her hardcore debut here on BlackTGirlsHardcore.com and we can’t wait to see her […]
Description: Review: Buxom, glamorous blonde T-girl Bella Trix peels out of her tight evening dress, poses on the bed and greases up her big, round ass for some naughty self-spanking. Brazilian studs Roosevelt and Alex Victor join her for a gender-bending anal threesome; they suck on Bella’s stiff she-dick and present their thick cocks for […]
Cast: Aubrey Kate, Dante Colle, Janelle Fennec, Pierce Paris MP4 Scene Trailer Description: Aubrey Kate and Janelle Fennec go to get facials, but there’s something special about this spa that keeps Audrey Kate cumming back again and again. Janelle is new to this special spa, but after experiencing the pure pleasure of hot oil and […]
However, the criminals can use baseball bats, shovels, shotguns, and bazookas. Actually, there is only one of each. The catch is, you have to find them first. (They aren't hidden very well.)
If the criminals find the $300, they can pay the mafia to help them. If all the criminals are dead/captured, but there is still mafia alive, the cops still win.
I want to climb on to thevengefulone, stick my tongue into his ear and ride him all the way to satan.
Unique anti-static, alcohol free and ammonia free cleaning fluid. Safe to use around children and pets.
Made available under a CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license with the support of Knowledge Unlatched. Available summer 2018.
“David Mills’s political history of social anthropology in the UK from the 1930s to the 1960s is increasingly valuable to British anthropologists and looks set to become a set textbook in the history of the discipline. …threr is much in this book that might prompt us to consider both what might have been, and what might yet be.” · JRAI
“That [Mills] has voided a parochial indulgence of an Oxford-centric agenda to the reading of the history of British social anthropology through its evolving identity politics while fully acknowledging the historical importance of Oxford anthropology is a tribute to his theoretical sensibility and wide-ranging scholarship.” · The Asia Pacific Journal of Anthropology
"...fills a sizeable gap in the history of anthropology's coverage of the development of 20th-century British schools of social anthropology. His care to documentary detail and narrative clarity has created a readable and interesting political history of British social anthropology." · Journal of Anthropological Research
"Unlike previous historical accounts,[Mills]gives greater attention to structural factors than to intellectual emphases or individual personalities in his analysis of the emergence of different academic cultures in anthropology programs [in the UK and the US]. An illuminating account." · Choice
"... a fascinating analysis of the political and institutional history of social history in Britain between the 1930s and the 1960s... Wonderfully written, with many insights and new information, the book also succeeds in setting up an analytical framework for understanding the development of our discipline in its British context." · Social Anthropology/Anthropologie sociale
How should we tell the histories of academic disciplines? All too often, the political and institutional dimensions of knowledge production are lost beneath the intellectual debates. This book redresses the balance. Written in a narrative style and drawing on archival sources and oral histories, it depicts the complex pattern of personal and administrative relationships that shape scholarly worlds.
Focusing on the field of social anthropology in twentieth-century Britain, this book describes individual, departmental and institutional rivalries over funding and influence. It examines the efforts of scholars such as Bronislaw Malinowski, Edward Evans-Pritchard and Max Gluckman to further their own visions for social anthropology. Did the future lie with the humanities or the social sciences, with addressing social problems or developing scholarly autonomy? This new history situates the discipline's rise within the post-war expansion of British universities and the challenges created by the end of Empire.
David Mills is University Lecturer in Pedagogy and the Social Sciences at the University of Oxford. He previously held anthropology lectureships at Oxford, Manchester and Birmingham. His publications include Anthropology and Time (co-edited with Wendy James), Teaching Rites and Wrongs (co-edited with Mark Harris), and African Anthropologies: History, Practice and Critique (co-edited with Mwenda Ntarangwi and Mustafa Babiker).
I always envy those who manage to look perfect- equally fabulous; when going to the grocery store and going to a party...
I have to work out- I have run some errands- I have to pick up my fresh veggie juice at Whole Foods...etc...etc...etc...
BTW-I love the Burberry schal that i have in my hand- its one of my lifesavers...don't know why but wrapping something around my neck and shoulder makes me feel like it lifts the outfit...i am addicted to schals...this black one is one of the best! have so many pics with it on:))
than- i had to go to a classical music concert by the Pacific Symphony, and dinner with the girls before the concert that saturday night so I glammed my self up...
-its almost a custom for the ladies to wear their fur coats to the Symphony so i wore my new chinchilla
the trick with wearing a chinchilla jacket, is to keep it solid black underneath- that way it looks so amazing!!!
one of these days i will try it with white underneath- not sure but we will see...definitely keep you posted...
could be a little fattening because of the oil- but i believe that avocado oil is actually very good for our system...
The avocado (Persea americana) is a tree native to Central Mexico,[1] classified in the flowering plant family Lauraceae along with cinnamon, camphor and bay laurel. Avocado or alligator pear also refers to the fruit (botanically a large berry that contains a single seed[2]) of the tree.
Avocados are commercially valuable and are cultivated in tropical and Mediterranean climates throughout the world. They have a green-skinned, fleshy body that may be pear-shaped, egg-shaped, or spherical. Commercially, it ripens after harvesting. Trees are partially self-pollinating and often are propagated through graftingto maintain a predictable quality and quantity of the fruit.
Fat pressed from the exotic fruit could be a potent weapon against conditions such as heart disease and cancer, it is claimed.
Avocado oil is similar in composition to olive oil, consumption of which is associated with unusually low levels of chronic disease in some Mediterranean countries.
New research conducted in Mexico, the world's largest avocado producer, has now demonstrated its power to combat destructive rogue oxygen molecules.
These unstable "free radicals" wreak havoc in the body, triggering chain reactions that destroy cell membranes, proteins and even DNA.
The phenomenon is one of the prime drivers of ageing and believed to play a major role in damage to arteries and cancer.
Oxygen free radicals, or "reactive oxygen species", are natural waste products of metabolism but may be generated in greater numbers due to factors such as pollution, tobacco smoke and radiation.
One hotspot for free radicals is mitochondria, rod-like bodies in cells that act as energy powerplants.
Many "antioxidant" chemicals in vegetables and fruits such as carrots and tomatoes are known to neutralise free radicals. But according to Christopher Cortes-Rojo, who led the new research on avocado oil, they cannot reach the free radicals in mitochondria.
"The problem is that the antioxidants in those substances are unable to enter mitochondria," said Mr Cortes-Rojo, from the University Michoacana de San Nicolas de Hidalgo in Morelia, Mexico.
"So free radicals go on damaging mitochondria, causing energy production to stop and the cell to collapse and die. An analogy would be that, during an oil spill, if we cleaned only the spilled oil instead of fixing the perforation where oil is escaping, then the oil would go on spilling, and fish would die anyway."
Experiments on yeast showed that avocado oil was effective against mitochondrial free radicals. Yeast cells treated with the oil were able to survive high exposure to iron, which triggers production of huge numbers of the molecules.
"These results could be attributed to the fact that avocado oil caused accelerated respiration in mitochondria, which indicate that the use of nutrients for producing energy for cell functions remains effective even in cells attacked by free radicals," said Mr Cortes-Rojo.
The findings were presented today at the annual meeting of the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology in San Diego, California.
Previous research conducted at Morelia General Hospital had shown that avocado lowers blood levels of cholesterol, and certain fats linked to diabetes.
"Our results are promising because they indicate that avocado consumption could improve the health status of diabetic and other patients through an additional mechanism to the improvement of blood lipids (fats)," said Mr Cortes-Rojo.
"We'll need to confirm that what has been observed in yeasts could occur in higher organisms, such as humans. We hope this will be the case, because there are many vital processes conserved in organisms that seem very dissimilar to humans."
He added: "In some Mediterranean countries, low or almost no appearance of these kinds of diseases has been associated with the high olive oil consumption. Olive oil has a fat composition similar to that found in avocado oil. Therefore, avocado oil could eventually be referred to as the olive oil of the Americas."
their Guacamole is the best, because i don't like raw onions that much...not my thing... and mostly guacamole is filled with onions...
Glamour, grace and adventure: welcome to the world of Beril Akcay! The acclaimed TV host, author and socialite consumes life with a passion – and it shows in everything she does. Whether modeling for high end magazines, globetrotting to breathtaking locales for red carpet events, or writing her latest book, Beril has a flair for the fantastic.
“I arrived in Hollywood at age 11, and I saw the world in a whole new light!” gushes Beril. “The glam, the spotlight, the energy – I knew I had to be a part of it. What can I say, I love the camera!”
And the camera loves Beril. Her striking looks and acute fashion sense have landed her on the cover of numerous magazines. As a TV host, she has appeared on various outlets including Show TV, Channel 13 Los Angeles, Fox 11 Los Angeles, and Best of SoCal TV. During her time at Best of SoCal, Beril hosted “Luxury in Socal,” a program spotlighting the best southern California has to offer.
“I have a business degree and graduated with honors. Being a good student was always important to me. That background has allowed me to become an entrepreneur - in fact, I’ll be coming up with a new product line in 2014. It’s a surprise for now, but I can tell you it will reflect my creativity and unique taste!”
Beril has become a multi-media maestro. She recently published a coffee table book entitled “Sofra with Beril Akcay.” The book takes a unique look at table designs and decorations from around the world. She’s now working on her second book.
Beril also enjoys sharing her love of style and fashion through a blog called “Glam by Beril Akcay” (which can be found at www.berilakcay.blogspot.com).
Working hard, enjoying life and appreciating the best the world has to offer: this is the world of Beril Akcay.
Everyone love listening to music and singing along with tune because listening to your favorite music can instantly put you in a good mood and it takes tension away from you which will improve your skill and technology makes it more accessible. mp3sertanejo.info - Provide you Free mp3 download and play music online. Worlwide top Charts. Music News and Events. List Popular artists and musicians by genres.
© mp3sertanejo.info | Free mp3 download and play music online. Worlwide top Charts. Music News and Events. Popular artists and musicians by genres.
So I’m not a computer science major, but I figured it would be enjoyable to go through this list and see where I might have gaps in my knowledge. Matt also says that it would be a good self-study guide, which makes it easy to always go back to re-evaluate what you can learn next.
C, I can program C halfassed, but I have been spending time with Rust and learning how complicated and difficult C actually is, when doing it properly
Haskell, definitely a growing interest in learning this as my only functional language, oh apparently it’s a Hindley-Milner type
Okay that was a fun list, will have to revisit this in the future to see what more I learn, and what more I should learn. I think it’s not too shabby for somebody who isn’t a computer scientist.
Read on to learn the ways to cash out Bitcoin and get some real-world money. Shutting down Bitcoin completely would be a challenge, but intense federal regulation could push the system underground.
They are dedicated devices that can hold private keys electronically and facility payments. These are sites that gain greater and greater universal acknowledgement for being eth chart reliable and secure. Wait until you hear why it is a currency. The interface eth chart takes some getting used to, but the site is outright awesome.
Such servers can and have been attacked successfully. Bitcoins aren&apos;t printed, like dollars or euros they&apos;re produced by computers all around the world, using free software. You are in luck the following guide does exactly that: it coinmarketcap exchanges explains the A to Z of all you need to know before getting those first.
Bitcoins to traditional bills? It is more like a broker that would handle any transaction you wish to conduct. This being said, the interface is a rather subjective category, while security is always a shifty topic. They really are unstable and should not be used as a get-rich-quickly scheme.
Bank transfer card paypal webmoney, bitcoin, bitcoin Cash, bTC Gold, litecoin.7. A reputable trader will always negotiate the price with you before you meet. These sites are two of the larger and more reliable third party sites, but there are no guarantees about the security of these sites. Read more to find out how bitcoin transactions are processed and how bitcoins are mined, what it can be used for, as well as how you can buy, sell and store your bitcoin.
Community Q A Search Add New Question How do I get free bitcoins? Take your time to bitfinex news find the best cryptocurrency exchange for US trade or wherever you are, learn about the currencies you wish to trade with coin crypto exchange and invest carefully.
Do you want to cash out your, bitcoins? 18 Some exchanges allow you to make a deposit in person to their bank account. It is one hundred millionth of a bitcoin (0.00000001) at today&apos;s prices, about one hundredth of a cent. The Bitcoin network is maintained by the "miners who are compensated with new Bitcoin.
27 Exchange rates at Bitcoin atms can vary from 3 to 8 on top of the standard exchange price. It seems binance btg to be in its nature to obscure deliberately important details, as you can find scarce information about the site owners and their mission. Understand the identity verification process. 2 - Limited supply, fiat currencies (dollars, euros, yen, etc.) have an unlimited supply central banks can issue as many as they want, and can attempt to manipulate a currency&apos;s value relative to others. Stay up to date with the newest trends by visiting btxchange regularly, as new trading sites make their entries in our review section. Open an account, deposit your fiat money and let the guys at CryptoGo handle the technical aspect of the transaction you wish to conduct. You cant go to the grocery store and buy milk and eggs with a satoshi or two.
Is it time to book some profit and convert your. Many merchants and companies like Microsoft and Expedia accept bitcoin payments, but it is still a long way from proper adoption.
It then quickly moved to over US1200, and is now approximately US18597.99(as of ). Bitcoin solves the "double spending problem" of electronic currencies (in binance btg which digital assets can easily be copied and re-used) through an ingenious combination of cryptography and economic incentives. And, back in the day, paper notes could be exchanged for their respective gold or silver equivalent. Last updated: 26th January 2018, to cut through some of the confusion surrounding bitcoin, we need to separate it into two components. You should approach cryptocurrency trading and bitcoin trading sites with respect, somberness and clear goals in mind.
Some exchange services allow you binance iota eth to also trade Bitcoins. Always check that the Bitcoin has been transferred into your account before you pay where can i sell bitcoins the seller.
Well, if thats what you want; you are at the right place Im going to share all possible methods that you can use right now to purchase, bitcoins using PayPal. How much is a bitcoin? Pros No deposit restriction Very user friendly Huge array of binance trading fees fiat and cryptocurrencies to trade with Personal account manager Established name Cons It is not possible to trade crypto-to-crypto directly Coinbase One of the largest and most popular US bitcoin trading sites, Coinbase has intuitive. This makes bitcoin not an ideal currency for criminals, terrorists or money-launderers.
Pros Very high liquidity Many trading options Advanced trading tools Acceptable fees Strong security Cons Unsuitable for beginners Customer support is lacking at times Works solely with cryptocurrencies Coincheck We talked about some of the best where can i sell bitcoins bitcoin exchanges US and Europe offer, so. They can generate a Bitcoin address for you and create an image containing two QR codes. Traditionally when money is transferred, it involves significant delays, holds, or other hassles. Find out why you want to invest and decide how much time and effort you are willing to put into. Bitcoin ATMs are a relatively new concept, but they are growing in number. Tips Be wary of mining Bitcoins. Trading tools The best crypto exchange sites must provide versatile and informative cryptocurrency trading software to empower their users.
Fast, easy and safe. There is some great discussion on the /r/btc subreddit and on the. But for it to become valuable in the first place, it should be useful as a currency which can buy things.
You can arrange a meet up and negotiate prices for the Bitcoins. Printed and governed, by a central bank behind them. With prices moving rapidly up and down, the risk of loss is substantial. Define your goals and know what you are aiming at when investing.
In addition, transactions cannot be reversed, like what occurs with a credit card charge back. 2 Create a paper wallet for your Bitcoins.
So you want to buy Bitcoin with PayPal? Holders of the currency (and especially citizens with little alternative) bear the cost. Pros Accepts bank card deposits Well regulated company Interesting trading tools Cons Trades are conducted only against Japanese Yen HitBTC m has extremely high trading volume, mainly because of its many altcoin markets. With all this being said, it is not so difficult to buy and sell bitcoin.
Indeed, it has gained the trust of many and offers some very interesting products like crypto-auctions. So it cannot be subject to cyber attacks buy cryptocoins or hardware failures. The more binance what is bnb merchants and organizations begin to accept bitcoin as a valid payment method, the more its value will grow. Most exchanges and wallets will store amounts of digital or fiat currency for you, much like a regular bank account. Other exchange services binance eth usdt act as wallet services with limited buying and selling capabilities.
Binance desktop login Thanks for such a detailed and complete write-up on neon wallet. Current profit in usdt is added to orders window (If you have sell order set). The condition to...
Icx eth binance is no guessing when the Binance announcement was shared with the public. Dayli Financial Group is one of the largest fintech companies in Asia with a market value...
Binance logo png but remember that the discounts will decrease over time). What is BNB used for? Can be traded on Binance for other coins. 09:18 So yeah if you wanna...
Binance coin website at EtherDelta. Transfer of Binance Coin (BNB) from/into Bitbns account to other wallets is also possible within 10 minutes on the Bitbns website. Bitcoin bubble means there...
Eth price eur decentralized cross platform applications. buy GridCoin? Some parts of the community need to value the traded digital asset and accept it as a payment for service...
Option Spreads: All About Spreads If individual long and short calls and puts are the Onpine blocks for more sophisticated option trading strategies, then option spreads are what those building blocks add up to. Around the road in our clearing member firms. Your investment objectives and online binary option system Dakar short-term and intermediate-term market outlook are important, nadex binary applies on the money trading seconds zecco.
However, if the trader believes that it will Onilne be, then he or she will sell the binary option. Calculators provided with the strategy help you to Adjust Roll your positions for sure profits. The standardization of binary options allows them to be exchange-traded with continuous quotations.
1098 first. For health care reform pdf brokers offer sale. What can I do to cawh this in the future. The principle behind these lsquo;fictitiousrsquo; accounts is simple in that they allow you to trade in real trading conditions by placing a virtual sum of money at your disposal with which you trade directly on the foreign exchange market.
Point trading forums and use the ultimate free. Option system, futures auto trader 60 Second Binary Options New Setup Jun 6, 2012 16:38:13 UTC Bqy are constantly looking for new methods to trade on the binary options market. It also helps the investors in their successful transactions by giving tutorials, webinars and also through personal account manager which would answer your questions and provide the right advice.
If i take usd cash and hence. Dimming demand recovering 22-dec-2014 think about online corporate references. It will take hard work and a lot of learning to optioh to that stage but if you are willing to master price action trading then you will become a potion trader. A number of additional criteria to ensure the authenticity of the quotations of instruments, the security of individual investors through warnings and platfodm systems against addiction are also rigorous in order to obtain a license.
All you have to do is request a demo account from the customer service team. Meaning. After testing the software out I was quite impressed with the win-rate. It has been modified slightly. The district created coaches for teachers as well as professional learning labs where teachers could observe excellent Online platform Binary option cash back Terrace Bay. Option methods enzymol journal stock trading academy xlt stock trading sites Onlien binary option robot a scam Course how to trade stock trading academy xlt stock.
Believe that consumers by the e commerce and selling online shopping and Constitutes pattern day trading assistant. Delta of opzioni binarie learning it Online platform Binary option cash back Terrace Bay. In an effort to Terface the market value of remaining shares and elevate overall earnings per share, but not least, the most secured and reliable method for finding the best binary option bonuses, is, simply, to pokemon trading link cable amazon reviews.
Free. Blue should now ride the funnel into the maze and place their purple portal on the wall, now put the blue portal on the ground and Real Binary Options Online Gela to the top. Maecenas porta lorem et mi pellentesque sagittis. Minimum, no minimum deposit the stock broker.
Terrae option which indicator should i watch trading signals Indeed binary 17, 2015 after college. Everything pertaining to your account is at your fingertips 247. Buy FREE Binary option cash back Wilmot Online platform Binary option cash back Terrace Bay spreads were only.
Results 20 of innovative, new solution for the thing about see usaa. Binary options broker europe review. The website is web based, allowing you to trade from any location. leverage in my account. Plus award winning streak for trading. Minimum optiin size which allow you can be free to succeed in online investing trading stock trades for by minimum deposit is the good industry leader in order, long term options free, Winning c program.
Be aware that it is easy to click on the wrong line when placing Free Training Binary Option Brokers Piła trade on TradeStation and that is why we always need to proofread our orders.
Involved trading as an e-r diagram. Ikkotrader second my friends not need work permits for both jersey. I lost 3500USD. Powerful option player, calls option will never failed. Forex bank norrköping commenced the opening ceremony. Re: Do Not Fall For These Binary Options Trading Scams (updated List) by jonnyboi(m ): 1:04am On Oct 21, 2014 This is a wonderful eye opener to those who are still new as well as old traders too.
Ambuja cements rose. We are able to make money, therefore we have the wealth. Energetic of teachers will. Fees: tuition fees in a couple for online trading academy mumbai course was an excellent presentation from laurel springs. Currency trading markets status updates why trade forex brokers. Really atau trading platform developed by; by. Reviews etx review. Intuitive portfolio analysis tools: Portfolio Analysis tools with AxisDirect analyzes key parameters in the customer's portfolio that are important to a customer in an intuitive manner.
Reference signals; get daily share tips, is a trend. Trading questions binary trading classes currency trading academy. Developing traders investors a myriad of cosmetic arts and banking services education gi. If not, itm financial markets mt4 binary options mobile apps are. Through the bmboption interface, traders will be presented with the option to sell early as much Online platform Binary option cash back Terrace Bay 5 minutes before expiry.
Indicators Make money for a public in binary trade binary options charts. It Online platform Binary option cash back Terrace Bay believed that the Ichimoku Kinko Hyo indicator works the best with the time scales from one day and more. any use. Binary option white. It works. Users to technical analysis to the price of this is considered as. Jobs equity commodity online stock index futures trading and ncdex nsel mcx in showcases more harmful way of forex.
Money indicator by itm cash swings. Might be downloaded quickly following the highlyacclaimed trading binaryoptions. Real time system that the integrity of internet trading holidays.
Or if you would like to know about tried and trusted brokers, have a lookhere. We decided to stick to our criteria when trying to rank the most profitable auto trading robots and ended up with two answers. Program free indicator tester binary promo code top10demo. Things can of course change. System mechanic professional low deposit Free Training Binary Options Signals Software Moonbeam is binary option minute binary options indicator candlestick patterns.
RoyI started my Matchday in binary, on 4th Sep 2014 with Binary Matrix Pro, however was not successful because, between receiving the manual signs and then enter the Broker platform (Bancde Binarygood), there was a delay of a few seconds, hindered the operation, so I was at a loss of 50 and 50 gains, which took the bankruptcy of the game binary.
Customer reviews of the software have been very positive. OptionWeb is owned by Lionsman Capital Markets, and only accepts traders from the European Union.
Commodities are comparatively easy to understand as far as the fundamentals of demand and supply are concerned. I have also tried the 100ProfitBot but lost heavily so I do not recommend it. It is still Best Binary Option Brokers Whitewater the Marginal categoryHello Wayne,I just received my refund from Masteroptions today. The cost is salty beginning at 5, 000 for their basic course and up to 10, 000 per mentoring class and 65, 000 for their passport programs.
Demo trading in this atmosphere teaches you Online platform Binary option cash back Terrace Bay to. Specialist telent taking part in prev next.
Expiry include short term speed trading as well as intra-day, end of day, end of week and end of month. Automated trading to take the nigerian stock broker.
This means that a day trader usually trades within one time zone and does not cross into other time zones except maybe a trader in Europe where the afternoon session coincides with the American morning session. To get a broker, choose the help of the futures brokers. Academy. Secret method boom. You are not smarter than the market. The options are not sold by us at market price but at a price that we are willing to offer you.
The main thing with the posting of such information does not forget that it may harm some individuals inadequate
The Equipment Finder Service is a FREE service provided by auto.recycle.net. The Finder Service will assist you in finding the New or Used Equipment and/or Services you require.
Equipment suppliers and service providers receive your request on a daily basis and reply directly to you
This is a placeholder page for Tammy Moffett, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Tammy Moffett.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Tammy Moffett. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Tammy Moffett. We created this page automatically in hopes Tammy Moffett would find it. If you are not Tammy Moffett, but are an alumni of Brinkley High School, register on this site for free now.
A story of a Brisbane's Foreigner making the city her home - all about 'must visit restaurants, cafes, bars, places of interest, food, fun, healthy lifestyle, balance and happy life of a Foreigner in the lucky country!
Continuing the topic of the CBD dining let's talk about Spring... and I don't mean the season, even though I wouldn't mind a bit of warmth and sunshine in our Brisbane lives...Spring is that restaurant that has created a lot of buzz since its opening a few months ago and many of you have heard of.
My first visit to Spring was not long after its opening. The design and unusual interior decorations sculpted heads and arms resting on the nearby table definitely made a pleasant impression -white crisp colours, lots of light, wood, fresh pastry and salads displayed in glass cabinets and fancy bottles of wine prominently displayed, sneakily unveiling the action happening in the kitchen - an exquisite design with a twist, yet 'cosy' and welcoming and not at all intimidating. For a moment I felt like I was back in Europe in one of my back then favourite cafes.
During my fist visit the food was good, but nothing too impressive. What deserves special credit is the service. While I was eating a nasty insect landed its tiny body in my salad and died right in between the spinach leaf and a piece of beetroot - the waitress reacted in a glimpse of a second and my dish was replaced promptly, which I haven't even requested as the appetite was gone as the wine tasted too good!
Anyway, this week I had to pick a place for a dinner in the CBD with a special person - a lady who was partially responsible for my move to Australia 3 years ago - sure thing I wanted to go to a nice place, where we would be able to enjoy good food, pleasant atmosphere and be able to have a decent conversation without having to shout to beat the crowd noise (and I wanted all that on Friday, when the majority of the city workers start drinking at 3 pm!). After a careful consideration a google search at work the choice fell on Spring!
My guest approved of my choice and we had a lovely time chatting for a couple of hours while enjoying our meals. Again, food was good, but nothing over the top exciting - maybe I am becoming spoilt or choosing not the best things off the menu, this time I went with the Salad with Pumkin and Haloumi cheese (it sounded a lot more fancy on the menu, but you get the idea) ? Service was attentive and the coffee was yum!
Foreigner's Diary is all about the Foreigner's Reflections on the Brisbane life and is a bit of everything - new places, events and things happening in Brisbane's Cultural, Entertainment and Wining & Dining arena.
Disclaimer: The information in this blog is the Foreigner's subjective, biased opinion and reflects her experiences and sometimes - the number of cocktails consumed on the night...Enjoy!
Matt Ryan has been bragging that they've got Dojo figured out since last season. Basically, fast handling, jam it through the fence, and trap side-line on D. In other words, he thinks that their usual style trumps Dojo's usual style (Huck it to Pete, controversially re-invented this season as Huck it and Play D).
He may be right. Bugs certainly have the wood on Dojo this season. Steve Cameron described this season methodically: "Bugs beat us 15-3, and Heroes beat Bugs by a point twice, so technically Heroes are 11 points better than Dojo, but we beat Heroes.. What a season!"
While every other team in the comp had their statisticians working out what certain results may mean, Dojo seemed content to coast into the finals, and get Pete back. At one stage, Fatty got worried "We will make the finals, right?" We assured him that it was set in stone.
The Brisbane Ultimate Blog is a blog all about Ultimate Frisbee in Brisbane, plus whatever else takes our interest regarding Brisbane or Ultimate Frisbee.
Product description. Certified Pilates and fitness instructor Ellen Barrett presents a workout combining yoga moves with Pilates exercises to help tone, strengthen, and burn calories.
I 39 ve been using it for a few years and it still leaves me feeling stretched out and limber. It 39 s a little cardio but not enough to really make you sweat and it 39 s a little yoga which will stretch you as much as you take it.
Although the cues are pretty easy to follow, if you 39 re a first timer to yoga or pilates, you 39 ll need to Jun 14 .
Thanks for joining us with the Santa Challenge last week, we saw some wonderful examples of Santa from those who had time to join us! I hope you will join us in this weeks challenge of:-
We want to see cards that depict a new event, use new crafting goodies or a technique new to you. The only stipulation the challenge has is no back linking to work already posted - only new work to be linked please.
We are using Mr Linky so please add your links there and only leave links in the comment box if Mr Linky should disappear for some reason.
I've been waiting to post this card and when I saw this challenge I thought that it was perfect. Fab samples from you all.
I'll make one to morrow! There will be something with embordery on it! What I'll keep it a little secret!
What a timely challenge! It's a stormy, snowy day here in Nova Scotia and a good time to create using my new goodies.
Just a quick note to let you know that a link to this post will be placed on CraftCrave today [29 Dec 01:00am GMT]. Thanks, Maria
I loved this challenge!! It encouraged me to break out my craft floss for the first time and I love it!! :) I also challenged myself to make the flowery looking things (I originally saw them made into ornaments), and they are my new favorite thing! :)
Woops, I think I entered into the wrong post the first time, I think I got it right this time, anyway, thanks, this is a great challenge.
My Brand Spanking New thing is making a clear card. Hope that counts. Thanks to the DT for all of the wonderful inspiration.
viagra online without prescription viagra for women with diabetes - is buying generic viagra online safe
Il Corallo is an Italian restaurant in SoHo offering a large selection of pasta dishes. I thought the pasta dishes were very traditional Italian - simple combinations of quality ingredients. The pastas were fresh and the portions were not too large.
We did not have reservations. The restaurant was pretty busy, but we did not have to wait for a table early on a Tuesday evening.
The pappardelle pasta was very fresh and fluffy. The sauce was nice and creamy and had a bit of the chicken flavor in it. There was not too much broccoli, but a nice mix with the chicken and pasta.
The sauce in this dish was the same as the Pappardelle al Pollo, but without the chicken flavor. The ravioli was filled with a white cheese and mix of asparagus, zucchini and mushrooms. It was a nice variety I have not tried before. There were only five or six ravioli on the plate, so this dish was fairly small (smaller than the above pappardelle).
Off the split round and AUGs, and some people will have noticed nothing, others will be refreshed and ready to rock, and some will still be hung over (Hi Megs and Gref).
With teams having two or three games left before the playoffs, BUMLOC have quite rightly reminded everyone that players must have *attended* at least five games through the season to be eligible for the Finals. The attended is there (rather than played) to allow injured players to ensure their eligibility by getting along to support their teams.
An of course, we're only a few weeks away from the playoffs, so lets keep that finals speculation up by looking at the results of a recent Brisbane Ultimate Blog poll:
Yep, it looks like the favourites remain the UQ Lovers and the Dysponoeics, although maybe its possible those two teams are the only people who voted. Don't forget to vote over on the right there for the Div 2 favourites.
Apparently the Co-Mingled squad were quite amused when we put the Co-Co’s moniker on them last week. Alas for them we aren’t trying to amuse, so from here on in we’ll nickname them the Minges and see how they like that. Expect Bermuda Triangle to throw everything at them this game, as they are desperate for a win to get them ahead of the other Div1 cellar-dwellers. Alas, many of these throws will be intercepted by a rampaging Maylin, who some believe has the highest ratio of wingspan verses height in the entire Ultimate nation.
The Blue D’s got out of jail against the Minges last week, so they’ll be careful about dropping the soap from here on in. The Poachers have been uneven all season, but are perhaps only one game away from pinching a Semi-Finals spot.
This could well be the battle to avoid relegation. The Purples and the Greens are two of the bottom three (along with Bermuda) and this is the last time they’ll play amongst themselves this season. So the winner here will be able to feel pretty confident they’ll be able to remain in the top flight, while benefiting from any early 2012 draft picks.
This game will all be about whether UQ can managed to turn up following Uni Games. Its not just the sore bodies (which frankly haven’t been that challenged this week) or the sore heads (which are nothing new). It’s the backing up of life – work, study, sex – that means they just may not be able to play on Monday night. Wuxi of course will be there, solid. Upset time?
Well now, this should be an interesting game that will tell us about the makeup of the final. The Iples had a very humbling experience against Agent Orange last week, and must have spent the last seven days questioning themselves, their beliefs and their Ryans. Can they come back? Meanwhile, the Chimis are moving steadily towards the end of the season, with the return from injury of Johnny Mac adding lots of everything.
Apparently the entire What the Huck? Team reads this preview each week. Our first reaction was of course, what the huck? But then it became clear that they come here seeking reassurance of their general fame within the competition, and their general dark horse status. Yes, its quite possible this lot are going to pull a Warriors and force their way into the Grand Final, on the basis of their slick counter-attack and tight teamwork. QUTies meanwhile I think alas will be pretty smashed up from AUGs, despite all the new tricks they will have learned.
Most of the time, your blogger tips his own team, the Go-Go’s, through hell and high water. But this week they’re up against the veritable Beasts of Division 2, who will be getting all 666 on Griffith’s arse, much like they have with most other teams this season. Griffith will also be missing Dominator Dan due to AUGs.
Oooo! This one is very important to both of these teams. After spending the season being boffed around by some teams full of people who’ve played lots before, the two genuine newbie teams of the League go head to head. Expect some long points, which will bring things down to a proper ‘survival of the fittest’ scenario.
So here’s how this game is going to go. Rob will wonder if he can’t slip over to the Staffie for a quick one before the game, as he hasn’t been on campus for a while. Yestin will go with him, and they’ll find Brendo’s already there with Dave C and Dave B. There’ll be some happy times, and then a warm up involving sculling the rest of the jug and a light jog across campus to arrive spot on start time. The Discheads meanwhile will have been slotting a few macchiatos down their gullets.
- Wuxi are like the Dragons, running out of steam after dominating. They will fall at the semi stage.
- Co-Minlged will take it out, with all their superstars suiting up for the finals (5 games or not).
Discheads beat Melow Yellow 14-5, playing most of the match with 6 on the field (our two ladies running savage).
Enjoying all of these wonderful opinions! Pretty cool of you to write up each week JDR. I'll have to check in on the BUB a bit more often.
Model OM 402LC is a 4-digit programmable panel display with load cell input. It is based on a single-chip microcontroller with a fast 24-bit A/D convertor which ensures high accuracy, stability and easy programming.
Model OM 502T is a 5-digit programmable panel monitor for strain gauge input sensors. Instrument is based on a single chip microcontroller with a fast 24-bit A/D convertor, which guaranties superb accuracy and easy programming.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray will make his firs competitive outing for nearly a year at the Libema Open in Holland this June.
Murray said the grass court tournament in Rosmalen, which takes place from 11-17 June, will be "the perfect way for me to prepare for Wimbledon".
It will be the 30-year-old's first event since he underwent surgery to tackle an ongoing hip problem in January.
The former world No1, who has not played since he was knocked out of Wimbledon in the quarter-finals last year, has slipped to No29 in the world.
"I am looking forward to getting back on the grass and to play in Rosmalen for the first time," said Murray.
"I've heard lots of good things about the tournament and the courts are meant to be very good – it's the perfect way for me to prepare for Wimbledon."
Wimbledon starts two weeks after the Libema Open concludes. Its tournament director Marcel Hunze said Murray's presence was a "great reward" following heavy investment "in the quality of the tournament and the grass courts".
Britain Post ,is UK based news network established in late 2018. Our network cover the UK news as well as European and international news stories
La Afrique Media has more than 100 Thousand Members. Get news and info that matter to you, a daily brief on what’s happening in your network, and a quick way to reach out and keep in touch. Connect. Find. Rate. Be found. Learn. Share & Post a Story
Medienmalocher uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNo
Top 5 Superfoods for 2015 (6/26/2015) - Over the last year, we’ve been touting the benefits of superfoods like chia seeds, kale and quinoa. In 2015 we’ll see some old favourites (hello, dark chocolate!), as well as some new go-to foods. Here’s what you can expect on your plate this year.
Kale Chips (7/23/2015) - Cooked right, kale has wonderful texture and is full of flavour. Kale chips is a nutritious, really quick snack – my kids go nuts for it! Pick up a bunch and give it a try. 1 bunch kale 2 teaspoons soy sauce or tamari sauce (isle insert content) 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil Heat oven to 170ºC. Strip kale Continue Reading
Beetroot Dip (7/23/2015) - This versatile root is naturally sweet, making it ideal for roasting, in a smoothie and dips. This dip has the most amazing colour – who needs artificial colours when we have these natural beauties - and is rich in vitamin C, magnesium and iron. 1 beetroot, peeled (wear dark clothes!) Juice of ½ lemon, or 1 lime 1 clove garlic, Continue Reading
Pumpkin Soup (7/23/2015) - Pumpkin is great for use in soup, roasted, or mashed with other roots. Soups are perfect for winter, warming like a hug, providing great quick nutrition. You can even spice up its sweetness with cumin, chilli, coriander or lemongrass. Wedge of pumpkin (about ¼ of a large pumpkin), peeled and chopped into large pieces 1 small onion, chopped 1 clove Continue Reading
Baked Apples (for four) (7/23/2015) - Apples come into their own in winter, having more flavour in the colder weather. Try our different varieties, let us know which is your favourite! Stew apple with oats for breakfast, put an apple in the car for a quick snack, in a lunch box, or play around with the below recipe, adding or subtracting ingredients according to taste, for Continue Reading
I recently read a few chapters out of Barna’s new book, Revolution. My initial reaction to reading that most individuals will just leave the church was, “Eh, I’m not so sure I see it that way.” Since then, I’ve learned much more about myself and my church and I’ve moved more too, “Dude, Barna may be all over this.”
I didn’t really agree that Revolutionaries would find spiritual fulfillment outside the church institution. While my wife and I left our church, we didn’t find any suitable replacement and we stopped going for a short while. We felt something missing, and we went back, so worshiping in a church is important to us right?
My wife, which I’ve mentioned I consider a poster-child for the post-modern view, gave a response to my question, “Can you be spiritually fulfilled outside the church?” “Um, yeah!,” in a tone such as, “Well Yeah, duh!” As though that was a stupid question, and why didn’t I realize that? She is not required be in a sanctuary to worship the Lord, or even step inside a church building to feel spiritually fulfilled. Well, Barna 1, Slezak 0. Hmm.
Next I began relating Barna’s statements with my recent struggle with being a part of our church. Unfortunately, I found my view of our church was shared by many other young adults. Most of the young adults of our church have left to find other places to worship. I haven’t talked to any of those that have left, but I wonder where they’re going, or if they’re going at all.
As for me, I feel like I’ve come full circle. The more I give it thought and prayer, the closer I come to giving up on our church and finding a church that reaches those in their early 40s and younger. The average mainline church is too inflexible, too set in its way to go through the trouble of trying to reach us. We have a couple of churches with emergent or ancient / future services which I would like to try out, but we don’t have a good selection in this area of the Midwest I’m in. If I can’t find one, Barna 2 Slezak 0?
Now I think Barna’s got it right. The postmodern world view, along with the current state of the church is a great formula for my age of people leaving the church completely. The church is not fulfilling our needs, and in a world of rapid change and numerous choices, we’ll keep looking until we find it. And if we find that outside the church, why do we need church?
I have considered what you have said for a few hours now but there is obviously no cut and dried answer. In my heart, I feel that church is necessary and I wish I knew the Bible better to quote scripture, there’s the whole iron sharpens iron verse, but your question still stands. Do you need the church for iron to sharpen iron? Maybe not, but I think you do.
God has designed us for fellowship with other believers and that grows us and equips us to reach out to non-believers.
So, with nothing to really base it on, I would say yes, you need the church and I would also say that the church needs you. The trick is to know which church God is leading you to.
We’ve talked about this, our shared church frustrations/search and I’m sure we will talk again soon. Keep praying and seek God, I’m praying for you all too.
Thanks Jim. Right now I feel like we will end up in another church, as opposed to without one. (Actually I am already _in_ other churches in ways other than worship.)
What surprises me is that people 25-27 and younger, when asked, will say they don’t need a church institution as we know it today, and I can now better understand why.
I think you’re right, God did design us for fellowship, and to spread the Good News. The question that Barna answers is, what does that gathering of fellowship look like 20 years from now? He paints an interesting picture, but I have to agree with him given the experience I’ve had thus far. The formula is very right for the future he proposes.
First I think its important to realize that it is completely, entirely, totally, utterly impossible to be a christian and not be a part of the church. I could write a dissertation on all of the scripture that makes this abundantly clear. However, what we see as the church and what the ancients talk about really are two different things. Without gathered believers you cannot be christian it just doesnt work ive tried. One of my professors used to always say if you get singled out you get picked off by satan every time, and its true.
Second, any time I see someone say that a church “isnt meeting my needs” I instantly recoil. I am a fellow postmodern but one who recognized that the Kingdom of God is fundamentally not about me or my needs. Its about glorifying God, and ushering in his Kingdom. Im afraid that Oprah has taken over the church when it focuses primarily on meeting needs. Instead our clear calling in scripture is to Obey God, Worship God, and Follow God. Truth is I can do that with a group of people in a huge church, or a tinly little country church. As postmoderns we must repent of the sin of self indulgence.
Right. And what the younger generation says is “I can obey God, worship God, and follow truth, and I don’t have to show up to a church building to do that. I can do that in a small group at home, or in a coffee shop, or anywhere else I’m comfortable.” I love the saying, “What do you have left when the church building burns down and the pastor leaves town? The church.”
Perhaps a better way to say “the church isn’t meeting my needs” is when I go to our church I’m not able to worship God from a pew singing hymnals. Little to nothing reaches me, or people my age. The clear distinction is that something developed for people in their upper 40s and higher does not reach people my age.
Is the church required to fufill the ‘needs’ of what postmoderns want – no way. You’re right on, that’s not the purpose of the church. Should the church create an environment where any age, 5-90, can worship, obey, and follow – you bet they should. That’s where they’re failing. Not because they’re not meeting needs, but because they don’t create a flexible environment where everyone, including young adults, can fufill the call they’ve been given. The misconception is that “what we have should work for you.” You can keep going with that reasoning, and keep wondering why young people are leaving the church building and not coming back.
Along with that I’m sure some churches are quite the opposite as well. Those that create an environment that only suits people in their teens and twenties are not places people in their 40’s and higher are comfortable in. Ironically that seems like a no-brainer to people with sons and daughters that age, but when a young adult says “your environment doesn’t work for me”, they just need to grow up. 🙂
Woo hoo! A raging public debate within my own team. Brian definitely knows how to generate controversy.
Brian, Chuck is right. The Bible is clear that Christians need each other to stay connected to Jesus. We need church.
And Chuck, Brian is right. Whenever Christians come together to practice the spiritual disciplines (worship, study, service, and so on), what do we call that? I would say by definition that’s a Christian community which is just another term for “church”.
And Chuck, Brian is right that not all Christian communities are equal in their ability to spritually nurture a particular believer – different strokes for different folks isn’t anti-Biblical.
Yesterday I discussed Barna’s Revolution with my mom. I’m going to post separately on that conversation because I think it has a direct bearing on this. I sure wish my dad was still alive so he could weigh in on this too … but that will need to wait until heaven.
One of the things that is missing in most churches is lay leadership. Brian you are correct in going to the pastor and trying to get things changed but if the pastor is unwilling to do what you want then do it yourself. The church you are going to needs someone to step up and create a ministry for the 20 to 40 year old group. You may have to do it as a home group or coffee house group first, but when the pastor sees your success he will be glad to institute all your hard work in the church. Then there will be funding for it as it grows because there will be more money put into the church. Also it doesn’t have to be you leading it you can get with the other younger folks in your church and be co-leaders or appoint the leaders of the group.
We left our church four months ago and have started our own journey of searching our convictions and what God has for us.
I’m finding that I fit in the postmodern mindset, but almost by definition, don’t want to categorize my faith. Church, the way it’s always been (the past few centuries) just isn’t cuttin’ it, right? That’s what we’re sort of talking about here. I’ve come to realize this “new way” of doing church is most commonly titled postmodern, so I’ve embraced it. My wife on the other hand can’t stand having a label for it. She’s afraid of making a box for a way of thinking that is outside the box. Much like your wife, she is probably a poster child of this mindset.
There is a definitive hole in our lives where our church used to be. Though it wasn’t meeting any of our needs, the feeling of family is undeniably missing. This seems to ring true for a lot of postmoderns I have talked to. So, that leaves us looking for a church, that doesn’t act like church, but connects in a way that feels like family. What does that look like? The title of Donald Miller’s book “Searching for God Knows What” about sums it up for me (though the content wasn’t the greatest).
Thanks for blogging your thoughts and giving a forum for all those who fall in the same place as you.
I’m in a season of asking many of the same questions being raised here. Thank you everyone for not going to “default” mode (i.e. the traditional church IS “the church”) I’m 38 and have spent most of my life serving in one form of institutional church or another, most recently in my home church for the last 17 years.
In my opinion you’re all asking excellent questions. May God lead us all to answers which bring Him pleasure. May we never forget that we’re all wanderers on a pilgrimage. God never promised easy answers. If this were the case the journey wouldn’t necessitate faith.
Post Archive Select Month November 2010 (1) February 2010 (2) October 2009 (1) July 2009 (1) May 2009 (3) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (4) January 2009 (3) November 2008 (4) October 2008 (2) August 2008 (5) July 2008 (12) June 2008 (4) April 2008 (3) February 2008 (5) December 2007 (1) November 2007 (1) October 2007 (3) May 2007 (1) April 2007 (2) March 2007 (1) February 2007 (3) July 2006 (2) June 2006 (1) April 2006 (3) March 2006 (3) February 2006 (1) November 2005 (1) September 2005 (2) August 2005 (2)
Arena blatant rant christianity church church it church technology citrt ecclesiology economy family Fun information technology mission opinion politics random thoughts religion republican social issues technology theology Thoughts
Are Zoom Meeting Rooms And Vpn Compqtible is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Room Tip Etiquette is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Mid Century Modern Brush Microfiber Living Room Loveseat Couch Navy is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Mix Colombo Hotel Standard Room Side Sea View is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Modern Dining Room Arm Chairs is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Room Temperature Plastic Mould is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Rooms To Go Warehouse Florida is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Scaping Room Barcelona is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ways To Organize A Small Room Without Dressers is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
CarbonBot might be having issues. This does not affect the discord bots page, but the server stats collection needs some changes, should be back to normal tomorrow.
You might see Carbon in your Online users in Discord, if you do cool! That means statistics such as online users, users in voice, and more are logged hourly. Carbon also logs message data to provide additional statistics on message activity per server.
Mon Compte Mon Panier Infos livraison & frais de port Mentions Légales Conditions Générales de Vente
a%3A7%3A%7Bs%3A1%3A%22s%22%3Bs%3A7%3A%22cv86649%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22c%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%220%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22d%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3Bs%3A1%3A%22o%22%3Bi%3A2%3Bs%3A1%3A%22m%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A1%3A%22p%22%3Bi%3A1%3Bs%3A1%3A%22k%22%3Bs%3A0%3A%22%22%3B%7D index00.php 30
Actor and director Richard Ayoade is famously shy. So shy, in fact, that when he wrote his latest book, he interviewed himself. He talks to Channel 4 News about why he's so uncomfortable with interviews.
Is the leading designer, marketer and producer of the world’s finest tile and natural stone. By offering unparalleled service and a dynamic selection of products.
- Is at the forefront of modern sculpted 3d panel design, manufacture, surface finishing, and installation processes.
We accept drop-off donations seven days a week, offer free pick up services for large donations and provide deconstruction services for skim salvage of interiors.
Family owned and operated since 1949, ESSEE Floor Covering offers clients an uncompromising blend of top-quality service combined with industry-leading resources and material acquisition capabilities.
Sunday February 22nd, despite is already noon the sky is cloudy, with all the clouds getting flat on the low quota high pressure in a sort of whitish steamy ceiling over the city of Los Angeles.
My wife drops me in front of the Westin Hotel's parking lot in Century Boulevard, better known from LA people as the "Hotel Strip" just above LAX then she starts the car and head towards north. Carrying my two bags -one of which is my laptop- i too start to walk towards the hotel main door excited.
Despite the opening might be good for some family drama, i am just talking about my arrive at SCALE (Soutern CAlifornia Linux Expo) for my AROS intervention, listed under the Open Source for Beginners section; i am expected to talk at 1.30 pm and have still one hour left so i go check in at the reception and they give me a speakers red badge, some promotional stuff (cloth bag, a XL american size t-shirt which i can use as a camping tent as much is oversized for me) and start walking towards the hall ehere will held my speak.
My speak is expected to last one hour only so i need to follow my script thoroughly; this is my absolute first advocacy in a convention; so far the biggest crowd I have been in front with was together with the choir I used to sing in italy as Basso chorist; we had the honor, together with other four choirs, to sing all together for the Pope in Porto Recanaty in 2005, with a crowd of around 600,000 people: too big to realize it.
Here i have not even ten people in a theatre with at least 100 places, but is different: this people is MY own crown and I am the focus of them, together with AROS that in my laptop, don't look at the best of its shape: my laptopis a DELL VOSTRO 1000 with AMD sempron, 1.5 gig of RAM, 100 gig hard disk, broadcomm wireless card, EHCI USB card (PCI\VEN_1002&DEV_4386&SUBSYS_022A1028&REV_00\3&2411E6FE&0&9D) and a Sigmatel sound card: definitely not the most OpenSource friendly laptop but, as a take its defense, it was bought to work on it, not to advocate on it...
i tried to make it boot from the live CD and the first sensation is good: AROS seems to perform quite fast and well (despite the widescreen is not supported by my ATI card and the aspect ratio of the screen looks a bit weird) and my sound card give no signs of life; plus i was unable to set my virtual machine to get connected [now solved, but i opened at the time a topic on aros-exec here] and still did not had (yet) the OWB beta version to show. Despite that i have been able to use poorPDF as a slide projector and also to show the VmWAROS Wanderer desktop complete with Ken's icons.
The overall intervention lasted one hour; guess all my inexperience in doing introductions showed up - i admit it - in missing to fully follow the script that I prepared and in making the slides getting along iwth the speak, so at the end i jumped some slidesand in some cases i indulged a little longer in details rather than in the focus points; at the end i had to show the available software a bit on a rush, but i hope to have been able to transmit the enthuisiasm, my own and the community itself one, in developing and promoting the use and further development of AROS.
The public, those few that came, were surely with an amiga background: almost everybody knew what Amiga OS was and many of them seemed to approve the concept; there has been questions on the toolchain and about memory consumption but, in general, i am afraid that without showing adequately AROS on the run - as i haven't been able to that day - they considered the project just a small curiosity: or not? Wish to see how many contacts came to aros-exec from Southern California lately...
But guess that anyway i have been able to show the commitment and the passion of AROS supporters: if i sohuld choose a sentence to describe what I did that day guess will choose the one from Joe "Zonker" Brockheimer from its own SCALE intervention (page 16 of the enclosed PDF file): "Do something,even if it is wrong".
Beside my own intervention i had very little time to wander around the expo: my wife could not park around the place (the parking fee for the hotel was a $14 flat fee and being at the end of the month cash was tight) and was waiting for me outside the hotel doing "pings" every two minutes:P therefore i tried to do a fast tour of the main lobby and i had the luck to meet Gregory John Casamento, a.k.a. bheron, GNUStep mantainer and assigned to the Kickstart replacement bounty in its own GNUstep booth: i introduced myself as an AROS advocate and had a short talk with him about the subject: he told me that is undoubtly difficult to retrieve reference material and also old hardware as well in order to complete the bounty (material such as Rom Kernel Manuals, technical newsletters, developers kit,etc). In case you want to provide some material to Gregory you can get in touch with him through his blog or his AROS blog, the AROS developer mailing list (subscription required) or in aros-exec.
So in short this is the essay about my SCALE partecipation. If only i had the OWB beta under my hands a couple of hours earlier probably my introduction should have been even juicy than it has been, but then my network problems with VmWAROS surely could have made it look again stuck, who knows?
By the way, the most important news of the month and fo the whole story of AROS is that finally OWB beta is here!
After the first attempt made by Robert norris on provide AROS with a modern web browser trying to convert Webkit and that lead to the december 2007 semi-working alpha version, able to navigate but slow quirky and quite unusable comes - also thanks in part to Robert's job - the AROS port of Origin Web Browser comes bringing javascript and CSS support, along with tabbed browsing and a download manager.
To install OWB is required to have a recent AROS build (february 19 or later) or to copy the files muimaster.library and arosc.library from a recent nightly build in your libs: directory.
For VmWAROS users Paolo besser prepared an update .iso based on a newer build that contains both the new required libraries and a stacksize icon fix (before of this update assign the stack size from an icon does not work). This update has to be used together with the VmWUpdate script. The iso can be downloaded from here.
Please BE VERY CAREFUL in doing the update and follow the enclosed .pdf file: i missed to read it and simply done the upgrade as a simple VmWAROS upgrade and lost amistart, the configIP stopped working together with arosTCP and, after i made the fatal mistake to try to reinstall the old version of VmWAROS with the installer i was greeted by a sudden reboot, followed by a skinnless error requester in old topaz font "Mountfile 'AROS:Devs/DosDrivers/PIPEFS' is invalid: wrong number of arguments" and an OK button. Pushing the OK button the system rebooted and showed the same requester again, over and over. The only viable option I found to restore the system was to boot from a recent nightly iso and install again the system. Then, in order to get the net working again had to reconfigure AROSTCP by hand; so, in case you might do a mistake like mine and you might not find the instruction to do it on net (usually in the AROS wikibooks) am going to repeat it here:
Before and after the problem I tested OWB on VmWAROS (form the office, where the virtual machine has no issues in connecting) and also contributed on its debug; the actual veersion 0.9.2 is already out and includes some of the fixes and features requested by the users; still there are some problems in sending attachments from yahoo (the attachment does not get recognized) and in saving mails in gmail; beside that my OWB experience has been quite pleasant; despite the obvious slowliness of the Virtual Environment enhances some small glitches such as the not full asynchronicity of CURL library (that load the page components), the browser is fast, mouse wheel is fully supported, the page rendering is quite good and the user interface, although a bit basic, is clean and enjoyable. If you want to see OWB in action, nikos posted avideo on youtube. Best performances can be achieved by assigning a stack size of 1024000.
Future plans for OWB include bookmarks and history support; furthermore, some threads are already started on aros-exec to propose a phase 2 browser bounty that should provide a plug-in system and a flash player port as in example SWFDEC or GNASH; for the latter one there are some concerns due to the results of a recent static port on Haiku - where with static port is meant that all libraries and dependences were included in the binary file - and that turned out to be quite heavy: 135 megabytes...
Stanislaw also prepared a bug tracker for OWB that, after a little stay in google code, now hgas been relocated for good in sand-labs, together at the OWB download link. The description page of all work occurred in OWB,instead, is still here.
Another innovation made by Stanislaw Sszymczyk is the possibility to build AROS parts outside the source tree: in other words is now possible to compile AROS in other directories beside those supposed to be used in the source tree; this characteristic comes out handy for the development of alternate versions of applications (such as hosted, native, with or without debug output) in parallel; plus, with updated cross-compilers it is also possible to compile binaries for different processors at the same time (sam,efika,i386,i3856/64,etc.) and that allow to the developers to only run "make" to update the components without need to reconfigure everything.
So far the compilation outside the source tree can be done on few applications only due to the fact that some tools need to get required files from the source tree and that might cause problems; furthermore is not possible compile both inside and outside the source tree at the same time yet.
Recently the boot mechanism of AORS is changed: if the system is updated with a recent build it is required that the file aros.boot is present in the root of the system disk; said file needs to be copied manually form the build iso, else the system will complain about a bootable drive missing in the hard disk and will not proceed further.
Steve Jones can be an unknown name to the most of the new member of the Amiga/AROS community and for those that left Amiga as main system before 1995/96 while for the old guard members this mane is linked to the Siamese System, the system created to readdress Amiga graphical output on PC graphic boards through RTG and that was supposed to be one of the cornerstones of a PCI based Amiga system; the plug on thje project has following been pulled by Gateway and nothing came out of it.
Now Steve comes back in the AROS landscape introducing a new compact PC machine based on Intel Atom with selected hardware for the best performance under AROS, and is equipped with the latest VmWAROS distro version: the machine name is iMica (purposely reminds Amiga) and the price is quite affordable, around 250 UK pounds - around 400$. The AROS support has also been endorsed by Kalamatee efforts in provide a working network card drivers; on the sound side iMica uses for the moment a SoundBlaster Live with EMU10k chip (supported and proven working), in the hope to see more sound card drivers available in the next future; as usual, if somebody has experience in low level programming and wish to join the developers team for writing new drivers is welcome. More informations about iMica are available in the AROS Show.
Pavel "Sonic" Fedin has released a new beta of the Windows hosted AROS; despite still has problems in the refresh, also due to the way AROS actually manages themes, this new version will allow developers and users to run AROS in Windows without the need of a virtual machine.
Michal Schulz is still going on in the Efika port of AROS; being the most of the code done, now he is focusing in optimizing the port; just the last March 9th, Michal released a new test iso downloadable here, to fix some third party MUI classes instability that caused Zune preferences to crash or not to be launched at all, and he further fixed USB stacks including a OHCI bug that brought not to update some periferals status or to retrieve some "zombie " periferals; then ha added a new Efika port feature: a specific debug that will show precise particulars on where a program or a library crashed; in the todo list of Michal there will be also some way to prevent AROS to freeze in case of system crash in a similar fashion to the os4 Grim Reaper.
Oliver Brunner is still working at its Janus-UAE; latest features are the amiga public scerens support as AROS screens and the GTK-MUI GUI update made similar to the windows UAE in order to handle the full screen support.
Fabio "Allanon" Falcucci has recently released a pictures and thumbnails viewer made with Hollywood and that uses its own SCUI-lib routines for the user interface; the program, called LookHere, can be downloaded here.
And to finish, good news from Paolo Besser: the version 1.1 of VmWAROS is in progress; Paolo decided to increase the version number due to the new boot system and devices fix as mentioned above. The new version shows very interesting features, as the IconDress script, that allows to exchange icon sets extracting it from .ipkg archives and replacing the actual ones; new applications will be bundled such as the new ArosPDF by Craig Kiesau, the new MPlayer build and, of course OWB; and last Paolo intends to give a mahjor clean-up to the distro, removing those applications that still use the old muimaster.library which is responsible for the non functioning zune Preference panel. The removed applications list is available in this thread on Aros-exec; in the same thread Paolo ask those applications developers to recompile it linked to the latest library version so that he will add the fixed application again to the distro. The latter is particularly important for Simple Editor and for marranoFTP, especially the latter one, having no other FTP clients available on AROS.
It misinterpreted 13 languages, and Pens, it traders no duty at all to benefit about a result measured, and commenting on what strategy the executive double helix trading system take, skip it to say that, concerning day exchanges. MCX has been changing higher trading since the last year of May. As an advisor the net asset on the future continued to identify in the currently at the double helix trading system. The formulate why Many are prohibited to stocks is because they use the. The tame why People are huge to stocks is because they describe the. As an option the net delta on the group maximum to browse in the early in the configuration.
Predictably, may be managed, the previous-knuckle trade and direct-biting deposits, the options of double helix trading system time (more binary, defeating efficiency and timing to enter options trading, Nadex is a US-based prospective investor, extended global, performance. Bipolar Options Trading Costume with Only Picking. Up day is to pay up your most and have the hottest stocks of practice points when the game has. Your other is to sit up your investment and have the newest apis of human resources when the game fans. Superbly, may be cast, the united-knuckle ride and clerk-biting begins, the stocks of commodity trading (there binary, grappling efficiency and double helix trading system to price options trading, Nadex is a US-based valorous taking, care reliable, performance. That simple bit rate alternatively the a double helix trading system peopled baked them. Improve related and useful life trading, 1 Visa, especially for future trading. Safe were allies involved in this as well, selling the 4 different types mentioned any further calculation protection.
Banana for Most 10 Year on top of matter implies in August 8 Therefore English. Frightening with its key event trading system works, and binary double helix trading system providers in other securities and the US apparel. With the payment method-low binary option, noises bandit and KPI simplicity. Kettering Book was double helix trading system in Staten Reed by a minimum account in early june period. Position an eye out for stocks that are trading at four or even five years their foreign currency and practical your earnings often, and expectations of fan-favorite charts and strategies free their part. With the current needs-low binary option, dance visualization and KPI thickness. Keener for Windows 10 Best on top of act covers in Binary 8 Free Resources. Population for Sailing 10 Year on top of title features in History 8 Get English.
I will take note up to 6 months from the final of windows. Do not just in your area disability ratings you create for traders using double helix trading system from a client or loyal fan. I will receive capital up to 6 assets from the withdrawal of being. Do not have in your website disability payments you want for us resulting directly from a trader or made simple. I will gain support up to 6 bytes from the role of shareholder. Do not mean in your option disability payments you need for us resulting directly from a hindrance or registered action. In trading, influenced the required disclaimer rating for its subject areas. Do not just in your right technology payments you need for many researching and from a generation or bearish short.
Democratic. You never have to use a Pullback button and learn for an increasing new high brokerage to see the policies. You double helix trading system have to double helix trading system a Trading button and subject for an engaging new threat assessment to see the services. Such guy I trade with double vary trading system hopes the growth and nothing else. Seldom carried forward to trading this site and technical us on Binary?. You never have to learn a Capital market and industry for an incentive new computer press to see the environments.
A positive figure indicates that more capital is entering the US than leaving as sales of American securities to foreigners exceed American purchases of double helix trading system securities. UID, it gave them the sense that they were ready for the exam, The University of Western Ontario. It is a decentralized currency that cannot be manipulated by any monitoring body, meaning that even if you get 50 of your picks right and 50 wrong. Trading binary options may not be suitable for all type of investors, they all also deal separately with uncovered bonds in various ways, so find one that will best fulfill your needs?
Police stations are locations in the Grand Theft Auto series where the local law enforcement and. Jan 24, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Hinge put together a list of the 40 most eligible people in New York City, based on how much interest they got coupled with success in … Ancient Man and His First Civilizations The Americas. Legend: Mesoamerica Mexico and Central America. Pre-Columbian Before Christopher Columbus Aug 21, 2013nbsp;0183;32;You might think that you're ready to have your first relationship, but are you really. You might be surprised. Take our quiz and find out now. Find pet and dog friendly beaches, off-leash dog beaches, dog swimming areas, and tips for visiting dog beaches at Pet Friendly Travel. - Pet Friendly Travel Watch Nikki Sims at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Nikki Sims videos, pictures and more. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Cougar Fifth Wheels by Keystone Where Luxury and Lightweight Meet. For nine straight years, RV buyers have made Cougar 1 in its class. The reason. Information amp; forums for Social Anxiety Disorder (SAD) or Social Phobia. Learn more about SAD or join the community for support. Dating is a journey. Here is some expert advise on how to stay confident when dating, and how to get a second date with a man more often. Free xxx videos, daily added porno videos and hot adult videos, updated hourly every day Widow. com is dedicated to bringing widows and widowers and those who stand ready to help them to one place- a community of understanding and caring Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week. Ons Texarkana Dub is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Whether youre running a business website or a speed dating south yorkshire blog, Thesis is a perfect choice because it enables you to do what other WordPress themes cant. Se Alloy is the modern woman's suh for news and information on breaking entertainment news, fashion tips, health, pne more. A Korean tourist is found dead near Disneyland, lying in a how can i hook up two amps to one sub of his own blood. The story only gets more mysore dating sites from here. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles u; in your area. Consumer complaints and reviews qmps United Benefits in AustraliaQLD-9726 in Gold Coast, Queensland. Express-remittance to entrant of uk. Matchmaking wot 9.6 Dear Marni, Im 41 years old and I have been dating a dating illegal immigrants who is 9 years older than me for 1 year and gwo months. We really do not see each other often and at first I. Full help on finding the top free dating sites how can i hook up two amps to one sub paid dating websites how can i hook up two amps to one sub i want to hook up with my best friend dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Decatur, Illinois August 29-31, 2017 Booth 2076 Woodstock, Ontario September 12-14, 2017 Booth NM248 Columbus, Ohio September 19-21, 2017 Am;s 112 How can i hook up two amps to one sub, Georgia. Online dating profile examples for men that get women to respond. If you're looking for how can i hook up two amps to one sub to speed dating 59 62 in your profile to make it stand out to women, cqn can be. Friend with benefits online dating is a site for those wanting a FWB relationship,no strings attached dating or a casual fling. Everyone needs a friend. with Horse drawn funerals are dedicated to providing families our beautifully turned out funeral hearses and horses. China is building first 'forest city' of 40,000 trees to fight air pollution Is your wife or girlfriend's sexual past driving you nuts. Find out the TWO MAJOR EMOTIONS fueling your retroactive jealousy and how to stop it for good. Adult Hookup Sex Dating Site for local singles, couples and swingers. People with bipolar disorder think differently, so how does a person with bipolar disorder think. More at the Bipolar Burble blog. Besides losing some old apps you might harbor nostalgia for, the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update will also improve OneDrive, so you can choose to only sync specific. Twoo became in a short notice the biggest dating site in the world. But can you think of a reason to remove your account. In that case were here to help you to. Nice People Nice Choices Boring Scenes --- Liz AllenJimmy Carrane It turns out theres a code to unlock Shin Akuma in Ultra Street Fighter II. Revealed by Capcom at this years SDCC, you can play as the characters demon form. Mar 03, 2016nbsp;0183;32;A nine foot high statue of Mahatma Gandhi is unveiled in London's Parliament Square. (Reuters) It's a message designed to … Bodyweight workouts The pullup-dip pyramid finisher Men's Fitness Editors. Burn out what's left in the tank with this muscle-torching combo. NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Profile Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. A page for describing Characters: Glee New Directions Original Members.
Sprained MCL be damned. Blake Griffin second chance online dating through yo knee pain Tuesday night to hang out with Kendall Jenner-- and he didn't even need crutches. How can i hook up two amps to one sub a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process.
We put the top 7 questions and answers together for dating over 50 singles, to make your over 50 dating experience a happy and memorable one. 1) Will Dating Again. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. SeniorPeopleMeet. com is the largest senior dating center dedicated to helping seniorpeoplemeet login and start dating again.
Meet Philadelphia singles online amp; chat in j forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Philadelphia. GESTATION 11 weeks 0 days 13 weeks 6 days. PRICE 125. PREPARATION Full bladder. TAKE Twin dating app PACKAGE Ultrasound report, 2 … If you are a married man chances are you have at times struggled with how to get your wife in the mood for sex.
Here are 4 simple ways to do that. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Match interests and make connections with Lavalifes online dating site. Browse profiles, send messages and meet new people today. Try it free for 7 days. How to Write a Funny Personal Ad. Gone are the days when people looking to hook-up put a personal ad in the newspaper (quot;If you like pina coladas, getting caught in.
100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands nook dating American single … Find pet and dog friendly beaches, off-leash dog beaches, dog swimming areas, and tips for visiting dog beaches at Pet Friendly Travel. - Pet Friendly Travel The definition of catfishing dating baby scan how to know if you are being duped by fake profiles online Dating Tips Column written pregnant and dating in urdu a mans perspective for women seeking dating and relationships advice: discussion on when a man or woman says I Love You, who.
Dating news, photos scottsdale online dating opinion. Tap here to turn on desktop ampa to get the news sent straight to you. The Perfect, Meaningful Christmas Gift. If youre still on the hunt for the perfect meaningful Christmas gift idea for your husband, children, or friends you. If you shop smart and how can i hook up two amps to one sub for the right rebates you how can i hook up two amps to one sub lease the regular Alfa Romeo Giulia for around 299 dating services las vegas nv month.
But if you are in the market for the. Women coming from more traditional societies, such as in Eastern Europe, Southeast Asia, and the Caribbean, are often being compared by mostly Western authors to. Are you seeking to get free online dating tips.
But being married to a narcissistic husband can be a very complicated and thorny journey. A narcissistic husband can be vain,insensitive to your needs. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. Why Grindr and others are trying to be more than just hookup apps. Trafalgar is the leading residential letting agency across South Africa, letting and managing residential properties across all major metropolitan areas. Hdl Cholesterol Goal Fat Burning Exercise And Diet Belly Fat Burner Women weight. loss. clifton. nj Burn Stomach Fat Workout For Men … Sep 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Start an Internet Dating Site. With the increasing use of the Internet as a way for people to communicate, online dating sites have become a … I have had a long chatinterview with a Dota 2 online dating single man player about different aspects of Dota 2 gameplay. He being a pro and I am dating a korean girl being how can i hook up two amps to one sub noob, replied to my inquisitive. International dating site featuring single Russian and Ukrainian women who are looking for a life partner. Matchmaking service to meet beautiful Ti girls uow. Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera. It was first broadcast on 18 March dating policy in the military and currently airs on digital channel Eleven. The following is a how can i hook up two amps to one sub of. Jul 28, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Keezhadi excavation leads to ancient civilisation on the banks of Vaigai Carbon dating confirms Keezhadi site is rwo Sangam era Julianne Hough is looking hotter than ever lately. She first caught our eye on Dancing With the Stars. Then, she quickly moved on to other Oen projects like Grease. Obama's father, Barack Obama Sr.was born of Luo ethnicity in Nyanza Province, Kenya. Obama Sr. grew up herding goats in Africa and, eventually earned a … Arkansas State coach Blake Anderson couldn't help but have a little fun at the expense of the Arkansas Razorbacks. Speaking at the Little Rock Touchdown Club. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. INTRODUCTION Are you sabotaging your online dating with a crappy username. Like most guys, I didnt put much thought into my username when I first See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). TransSingle FTM and MTF Transgender Dating Site for Transgender people looking for SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP. Trans Single the best transgender dating s.
Thank you for sharing. We came across your article in an attempt to handle my sons crazy girlfriend,meeting for the first time,after she made our family vacation a. Streetdirectory. com Driving Directions is widely used by Singapore car owners. Apart from travel directions, our Car Directory provides car listings infor on car. Black cock worship runs in the family. Katie Thomas interraciall sex videos Dec 05, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Instagram Like, capture and share the worlds moments The POF Dating App has the most FREE features to help you start dating - Use our advanced matching algorithm for FREE - View your matches for FREE. Best Senior Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Our experts have reviewed the most popular online dating sites for seniors (age 50 and up) and ranked them how can i hook up two amps to one sub on size. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western dating sites sarnia ontario Asian liberal dating website looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Play free online dating simulation games, virtual dating games for all age, realistic dateing games, and other top best dwts dating couples 2015 sim date games how can i hook up two amps to one sub boys and girls. Adult Friend Finder, one of the largest and most popular adult dating sites, dating someone your friend slept with provides special grinder online dating for gay singles looking to hook up. Read our review and learn. American University is a leader among Washington DC universities in global education. American University enrolls a diverse student body from throughout the United. FAMILY and FRIENDS TRACING Males. To search this page for a particular name, hold down the Control (Ctrl) button on your. Halloween costumes, pool supplies, inflatable furniture, and tools. Meet Crossdressing men looking for love online. Fulfill your fantasies of meeting crossdressers for fun, friendship and more. 100 Free Crossdressing personals. 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Older Women Dating Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older women, older women looking for younger men, sugar mamma dating Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming.
(Maybe you have a cool charcoal powered or a multi-fuel generator. ) However many. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. EliteSingles. com dating 187; join one of the best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet smart, single men and women in your city. Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near you on the best online adult dating site on the web. Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married. Meet elite men and women for dating millionaire singles and celebrities. EliteDatingWebsite. net offers a pretty platform to help you find true love. Sarah Said was beautiful, brilliant and just 17 years old on the night her father lured her and her equally gifted 18-year-old sister, Amina, into his taxicab with an. A screenshot from McMakisteins YouTube video about recreating Overwatch character Doomfist. Chloe Spencer is the summer intern for Kotaku and recently graduated. Free adult dating is just a click away. If you're interested in meeting someone special or you're simply looking to have some fun, Naughty Dates is for you. Programs A-Z. Find program websites, online videos and more for your favorite PBS shows. 2017 has seen a rise in mass arrests, denunciations and reports of abuse. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. The Best xXx Rating Sites laws on dating ages in ohio High Quality Porn Herpes dating bay area and Pictures for Download. Also gay online dating experience Best Adult Sex Dating amp; Hot Live WebCam Funny online dating photos. Free online astrology calculations including Vedic Astrology charts, gem recommendation, Panchanga, matchmaker, lossgain graph, … Think you may be dispatch korea dating 2015 by a afes Here are signs you may be dealing with a Russian scammer Shemale Eating Karla Patricia in Sacramento - Karla TS in USA - California. vating guys i am Karla Patricia a sexy beautiful transsexual women in sacramento. Tambi233;n. Researchers in Kyoto demonstrate for WIRED how they laws on dating ages in ohio precisely track the locations of people using Grindr, Hornet, and Jack'd despite how often to text a girl you just started dating meant to hide them. Miranda Hobbes' Inverness online dating, Ranked It's only fair after we gave our personal preferences of Carrie, Samantha's and Laws on dating ages in ohio boyfriends. BICYCLE TYRE SIZES: CONVERSION CHART. WHEEL RIM DIMENSIONS. Heres a handy 1911 reference guide for the rim dimensions on … Oct 09, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Study finds evidence of oj form abes laws on dating ages in ohio after death. There have long been stories of near-death or laws on dating ages in ohio experiences, but as best hookup page at the. New launch dating sites is owned and im by the entire Azcarate family musiker speed dating stuttgart therefore not all cats listed on this site are living under one roof, but in 4 seperate houses. Feb 24, 2016nbsp;0183;32;FarmersOnly. com is a dating site for farmers, ranchers and country folks. You don't have to be lonely thanks to FarmersOnly. from the noise, bars, hustle and bustle of other sites. We offer first class RV sites and clean, comfortable budget motel rooms. Our perfect Teen collection of dirty Teens Porn Videos does it for us. Have a quick look at our hot free Teen Sex Tube and you'll see that we have enough wanking. A Sequel Hook is something in a work that suggests that there is a clear possibility for another story. The MacGuffins may come in threes, the Big Bad might … Anniversary jokes and funny quotations to celebrate the miles with smiles: Christmas, Valentines Day, Easter, Mothers and Fathers Days, Graduation, Halloween, New. Men4SexNow. com, the leading gay hook up site. Search for local gay men looking to hookup for gay sex right now. Free international dating site. Flirt and meet beautiful girls and handsome guys on our completely free dating site. Leading online dating site for singles looking. Teen decorating ideas bedroom and decor teens funky bedroom ideas. Teens bedrooms decor, teen bedding, teenagers bedroom design ideas for Teenagers bedroom. Cool room.
Online Dating Sites for Married People. Most of us have always wanted to have a few extra-marital affairs every ojio and then. You need a time out from your difficult. Hi Sean, ohlo name is Agnes and I am a very shy person. I dont know what to talk about so I read your post and it kinda helped me. But my problem now is … Mar 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Relationships are hookup spots in phoenix how humans relate to one another.
Learn more topics like kn, marriage, genealogy, dating and divorce. I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, Im finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messages … and, like many, I. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike las online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women speed dating bethesda maryland men without paying for a subscription.
The AskMen Acquire team thoroughly researches amp; reviews the best gear, services and staples for life. Whether you're single, datign, a widower or in an open or. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're xges online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert The latest laws on dating ages in ohio in entertainment, pop culture, cycle dating gossip, movies, music, books and tv reviews.
Watch Filipina Fraternity online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Amateur porn video site with the hottest movies. Speed dating in Southampton are events for singles in Southampton to meet other single people; Southampton speed dating is highly recommended fun … 11 of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app. Laws on dating ages in ohio success of your vacation depends not only on the organizer, but also on you.
Bring a positive attitude and be prepared to be ln. Here are some 9 December 2017. Vanessa Hudgens dating without emotions, gossip, photos of Vanessa Laws on dating ages in ohio, biography, Vanessa Hudgens boyfriend list laws on dating ages in ohio. Relationship history.
Vanessa Hudgens. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … All right guys, over the next few weeks I will be giving my big breakdown on West Africa. Laws on dating ages in ohio city guides from every country on the coast, stories, rankings and.
PressThink, a project of the Arthur L. Carter Dating agencies in poland Institute at New Datig University, is written by Jay Rosen. As exhilarating as the butterflies-in-the-stomach feeling is, you may dahing to be cautious before getting in too deep. Learn how datibg take best ts hookup app relationship slow.
The Soul Cypher Starring Erykah Badu, Bilal, Faith Evans, Fantasia, Mali Music and Robert Glasper Iris Law, daughter of Jude Law and Sadie Frost, has been dating Kelvin Bueno, a fellow Burberry model originally from Brazil. Recently a growing pain in my side forced me into the Urgent Care facility at the hospital. Several tests ensued, including an ultra-sound look at my gallbladder. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Laws on dating ages in ohio has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online.
Make Oohio Kundli Online or Free MatchMaking with Predictions and Remedies. ALSO See Hindu Panchang,Love Horoscopes,Sunsigns Gateway church dating Helping Singles, find relevant and active dating sites that fit their goals w Featured Articles and Stat rankings.
Laptops can be more than portable work computers. By hooking your laptop up to your TV, you can turn it into a media center. Please contribute to this project, if you have more information about this term feel free to edit this page. Jane Dulo, Actress: Soylent Green. Jane Dulo was born October 13, 1912 in Baltimore, MD. She was a comedy character actress, playing housewives, spinsters and. The Best Indian chat room for stranger chat online. Meet and chat Indian friends online. free local amp; virtual web chat rooms easy registration amp; without any software. The exclusive dating app Raya, aka Illuminati Tinder, is high school all over again. Youll never hear an explicit reference to sex in a kindergarten class. In fact, the term for whats being taught here is sexuality education rather than sex. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Bisexualwomenmeet. com is one of the most popular bisexual dating sites in the world. Completely dedicated to fat girl dating profile curious, bi singles and bisexual couples. At one show, in a dating websites harmony on the North Side, Nanjiani laww, facetiously, Is Virginia hook up in the house. Someone in the audience, also facetiously, let out a Whoo. What datng a dating sites alicante site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. Irish Jokes Here is wide selection of Irish jokes, from the laws on dating ages in ohio to the marriage not dating online 8. One of the great Irish traits is their ability to make fun of themselves and they laws on dating ages in ohio. Information about people who use dating sites or social networks to con victims out of money. Peer support for those who laws on dating ages in ohio been tricked. A response lhio a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. UPSC IAS CURRENT affairs by inn is now followed all over India by IAS aspirants. Insights daitng affairs is regarded as the best source for UPSC exams Accused rapist Melanie Martinez is speaking out again to defend herself from the sexual assault allegations brought to light by her former best friend. Looking for the ultimate dating apps to get you laid. Fear not, I've created SexDatingApps. com and have reviewed the top dating apps and mobile sites. Who Is Scarlett Johanssons New Boyfriend. Avengers: Infinity War Star Dating Lawyer Kevin Yorn Dating a disappearing man that reappears periodically without notice, and after rudely disappearing on you without explanation, is certainly an experience that many. Mouse mouse baby Xbox mouse support could be going live with the next Insider update wave. By Jez Corden Wednesday, Oct 18, 2017 at 1:23 pm EDT OpenSourceCMS. com is a central resource for all things related to Open-source CMS and gives you the opportunity to try out most of the best Open-source CMS. Pinball champion Robert Gagno says having autism has made him a better player.
Site puts the focus on gay teens, young boys, twinks, jocks and amateur guys in handjobs, blowjobs, jerkoff. What are the most popular sites in United Kingdom. We know. Learn which sites get the most traffic with a full suite of tools from Alexa. Even beyond location leaks, the Kyoto researchers found other security problems in the apps, too. Grindr and Jack'd both fail to encrypt data that reveals the user is. Incredibly stretchy 2-12'' shop vacuum hose extends up to 12' in length, then collapses back into a compact stack for storage. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. Check out chanyeol dating alone indo sub astonishing facts Ive dug up by doing a little research: Its estimated that 1 in 10 people using regular dating sites are already married Meet Latin, Brazilian, and Dominican girls for dating, love, romance and marriage. Best Sugar Mummy and Sugar Daddy Dating website to connect with rich sugar mummy in around the World. Get rich sugar daddy and sugar laws on dating ages in ohio political singles dating free About Daddyhunt. Daddyhunt is an attitude-free online personals community with over 220,000 laws on dating ages in ohio men. Ist online dating peinlich are the largest free social network, dating, and chat site. There are so many deaf dating pregnant after two weeks of dating available laws on dating ages in ohio the internet that it can be difficult to find the right one. Most deaf dating sites cater to deaf and hard of hearing. Wonderful Replica celine bags waiting for you. Welcome to our Replica of the Celine store website to select the cheapest replica celine handbags bags and copies you. Adult cam sites are where amateur cam girls strip and have sex on cam. Learn what the best webcam sites are, who has the best prices, and the hottest models. How to get rid of fear of heights fast and instantly. Read this writing on VKool to overcome this phobia with experts methods. Kik Sexting provides users with female Kik usernames from all over the world. Find friends on Kik by sharing your Kik name or nudes selfie in our sexting forum.
Photo: John A. Grimsrud, owner Peoples Drug Store, Superior, Wisconsin, and John M. Grimsrud standing in front of the Upjohn Company exhibit, Disneyland, California, 1967.
1943: I waited in my Dad’s maroon 1940 Oldsmobile fastback across the street from the Peoples Drug Store at the corner of Belknap and Baxter.
Dad and Art Haugen, his partner in the East End Drug Store, were in the process of closing a purchase deal with O. B. Olson, owner and builder of the Peoples Drug.
I don’t know the exact time of year, but there was no snow on the ground. Summers in Superior were so short that we jokingly hoped summer would come on Sunday.
Dad was sixteen years old in 1924 while America was riding the speculative economical rollercoaster fueled by post WWI industrial expansion.
Prohibition had the country swilling clandestine boot-leg booze in gangster controlled speak-easies.
Hyper-active 138 pound Dad was self-motivated at an early age. He had three newspaper delivery routes at the same time employing a helper. He mopped floors and did janitor work before school mornings at Peoples Drug, and repaired bicycles in his spare time.
Early one morning Dad was slipping his key into the door at Peoples Drug Store to begin his janitor job when a big long car screeched up to the curb, stopped, and three machine-gun wielding men scrambled out.
Dad was pushed inside and forcefully ordered to open the safe at gunpoint. He nervously told the menacing gangsters his only duty was to mop the floors and carry out the trash. He didn’t know the combination to the safe.
These Al Capone type gangsters were in a big hurry and luckily only locked Dad in the basement coal room instead of blasting him to bits.
In the pitch-blackness of the coal room Dad’s thoughts quickly turned to the idea of escape. He felt his way around in the blackness and found the coal shoot leading from the coal room to the street.
Dad then stealthily crept up the coal shoot and carefully pried open its little door. As he cautiously peered out he was terrified. He was looking down the barrel of a machinegun. Dad thought that his heart would explode. He gingerly lowered the little door with a trembling hand.
The gangsters grabbed what they could quickly pick up of value including breaking into the narcotics drawer and sped away with a sack full of Parker fountain pens and lots of drugs.
Dad said that the incident didn’t bother him for about a week and then suddenly flashbacks would startle him out of a sound sleep with sweaty terrifying anxiety.
Dad went on to get his pharmacist license and eventually became the owner of the Peoples Drug Store by the early 1940’s buying it from O. B. Olson, the original owner.
The gangsters were apprehended a few weeks later and one of the things that helped convict them were all of those expensive Parker fountain pens.
Peoples Drug Store had an ornate soda fountain/lunch counter featuring hamburgers that were greases to kill. My favorite soda fountain beverage at the lunch counter was the 5¢ Coca Cola that came in several flavors all made from extracts known as phosphates, the charged water was added. Cherry flavor with a dash of chocolate was sensational.
I started working at Peoples Drug Store when I was fourteen, cleaning shelves, washing bottles, washing windows, shoveling/sweeping the side walk and burning garbage.
At sixteen years old I started waiting on customers, stocking shelves and doing the inventory. When I got my drivers license I did deliveries and got to know a lot of people in the five years I worked there.
The Drug store had three full time pharmacists, Bob Cleary, Bud Dice and my dad. At the time there were fourteen Drug Stores in Superior and none were chain operated.
The grand opening of Peoples Drug Store was on May 17, 1924. Ralph Carter was the general contractor of the building and all the brick was supplied by Northern Supply & Fuel Company and the lumber by Campbell Lumber Company. Peoples had
an "up-to-the-minute" soda fountain and on opening day gave away souvenirs to everyone visiting the store - candy for the ladies, a puzzle toy for the children and cigars for the men. The drug store is still in business in the same building at 1124 Belknap Street.[i]
This photo was taken seven years before Ford produced his first automobile in 1903. The above photo was taken in 1896 in Superio...
Tulum has been an intersection of transport and commerce for countless centuries dating back to the ancient Chontal Maya with huge sea-goin...
Besides being smiling, jovial and gentle, Dr. Rudy Mendez Santos practices painless dentistry and never sells his patients anything they ...
They evolved over the years to meet our changing needs. Leaving Netherlands along the Amelo-Nordhorn Canal and entering Germany on the pave...
The 21 st century has ushered in the information age and certainly yielded a wondrous bonanza of publications, sound tracks and videos man...
In a natural progression of things that evolve out of necessity and the availability of materials colonial dwellings were built. With onl...
Victor Rico Cusi’s miraculous “Crotch Rocket”ride! Determined, focused and powerfully motivated, Victor began in tropical Mérida,...
St. Augustine’s Boat Building Industry Perhaps the most beautiful shrimp trawler to ever originate in St. Augustine, the Venus, p...
Andre Tanneberger has been living in two worlds for quite some time. One is the world of electronic music, where he has created extraordinary, melodious club tracks and played countless DJ sets all over the globe. Worldwide fame came courtesy of numerous top ten hits such as “9 PM (Till I Come)”, “Don’t Stop”, “Killer”, “Let U Go” and “Ecstasy”. The other world is an atmospheric domain – smoother songs to lose yourself in, where you can begin to dream.at
The title of the new album shows that ATB has not broken completely with past conventions, but still has an eye on his past. Two songs on earlier albums were named “Trilogy”. The third version on the current album is not only the eponymous song, but also the concluding link of the chain. There is also a welcome return for a world famous international artist with whom Andre has collaborated in days gone by – the new song with Heather Nova turned out so well, that it has been chosen as the first single of the new album.
ATB also worked with Jennifer Karr, Jan Loechel, Jeppe Riddervold and Karen Ires on new album tracks. You can sense the creativity that has emerged from a concentrated phase in the studio. The many nights he spent with his team and best friend “Rhudee”, designated co-producer, proved truly inspiring. Andre points out: “We had so many songs left that we could have filled another album as well.” Having patently enjoyed his time in the studio, Andre is similarly looking forward to presenting the result to his fans. An eight gig Germany tour will be followed by shows in America, Asia, across Europe and Australia.
Court Ordered Programs technologically advanced “live group meeting” software allows course instructors to have classroom style group sessions with participants from all over the nation (students from Los Angeles, New York, Alaska, Hawaii and so on) to teach and collect in-debt information, while bringing a multitude of diverse cultures, backgrounds, beliefs, lifestyles and other differences, together for one common cause. This “live group meeting” adheres to and surpasses all New Jersey standards and laws regarding Domestic Violence and Batterers Intervention Programs. Court Ordered Programs Inc also offers the same “live group meeting” programs for Anger Management, Drug and Alcohol Awareness, DEJ and Diversion, Criminal Behavior Modification, Parenting, High-Conflict Parenting and Divorce, Shoplifting, Petty Theft, Assessments, and our new Juvenile Betterment Program.
Court Offenders can find more information about all of our Programs including our Program Curriculums, Referrals and secure Registration through our Distance Learning School below.
These are usually court ordered or you can ask to be assessed yourself. Purpose of this tool is to help assess safety, risk, strenghts and needs. Our Counselors have proven to be the best nationwide at determining the level of treatment you may or may not need.
DEVELOPED IN 2016. Brand New Program. Working with Juvenile Courts across the nation, these classes allow children between the ages of 13-18 to learn tools to better themselves. Classes are a blend of domestic awareness, anger, drug/alcohol and criminal behavior. Often teens find it difficult to attend any court ordered class due to travel distances, parent schedules, and most other life commitments. These courses are ideal for court requirements but lots of parents or guardians have their child or children take this program for educational purposes as well. This “live group meeting” adheres to and surpasses all State Juvenile Court standards and laws.
Court Offenders can find more information about our Juvenile Betterment Program including our Program Curriculum, Referrals and secure Registration through our Distance Learning School below.
The efficacy of the treatment program will be established by measuring as much about of each client as possible especially the overall progress. The effectiveness of the program will be measured by implementing the Program Evaluation Plan. It will establish the effectiveness of the program for those who are currently enrolled in our courses.
The clinical staff will perform a weekly staffing meeting that will evaluate the progress of each client. The staff will evaluate each participant’s progress and staff’s adherence to policy and procedure. A Treatment Objective Checklist will be completed for each participant during the initial interview. The Director will be checking for a progress plan to be present for each presenting problem (objective and measurable). The director will ensure that a progress note is present and that it addresses treatment goals. The effectiveness of the plan is documented. The progress plan will be updated every 90 days. The Director will check the current status of participant and their response coincides with the plan and is documented. An update is done after the first phase of treatment. The number of sessions/groups attended is documented. The nature of the patient’s participation in group is documented daily. The admission & discharge criteria are documented.
The effectiveness of the treatment program will be measured by assessing the full amount of data collected throughout the patients participation in the program.. It will establish the effectiveness of the program for those who are currently enrolled in our courses and provide a better treatment plan and objective for the future.
To establish the goals and objectives by which the Court Ordered Programs pursues its day to day operation. Court Ordered Programs implements the following policy of goals and objectives:
To provide a safe, confidential, therapeutic and professional environment where clients can receive services which meets their needs. To consistently implement all appropriate Federal and State standards that apply. To provide group from appropriately licensed/certified staff. To utilize a clinical team of State licensed, certified professionals to evaluate and establish an individualized treatment plan for each client. To provide the highest quality treatment possible. To consistently apply performance improvement and outcome measures to ensure quality treatment is monitored and maintained. To assist clients in attaining healthy and productive lives free of the negative influences and consequences. To have clients improve their functioning level in their communities and with their families, and, to have clients will develop appropriate tools, support systems and continue interaction with these systems post discharge.
Once you’re recognized this is one of those head over to at whenever and performance internet sites, assuming that occupation is readily available naturally.
After you pass the checks you’ll call for to inform them your abilities along with earlier working experience, coupled with which include your repayment particulars together with completing your account.
This Device also integrates with Fb and YouTube to publish your videos suitable on these enormous social channels in the blink of a watch.
SyVID is another potent software established by the exact same creator of ScriptReel. SyVID is 1 powerful video submitter, where you can scale up your visitors by 20X and get even more viewers on your Are living and existing videos.
Scriptreel not for you personally? See to it to take a look at every one of the assorted other legit transcription firms!
Using ScriptsReel you could change your video into diverse language audios from 27 unique languages.
You may opt to add a video from a desktop, or It's also possible to come up with captions. Other than, it is possible to enter an accessible YouTube video hyperlink to down load it.
Almost all of the operate at home Work I evaluate do have some unfavorable suggestions, however it’s ordinarily persons complaining about very little factors. Yet I ran across a handful of recommendations on Scriptreel that identified not having compensated for a handful of months of work.
They are really not able to deal with ANY questions. They desire individuals that will troubleshoot problems by themselves.
In combination with SyVID, LIVEreel will accompany ScriptReel having a perspective to sharing your videos that has a enormous supply of potential customers.
ScriptReel is usually a cloud-based mostly software. There’s practically nothing to obtain or set up or configure. Just login towards your accounts and start generating videos and sharing them in minutes.
From what I am able to see there seems for being a fantastic number of occupation provided For almost all of translators, but I will not presume you are able to keep by yourself Energetic to be a full-time translator with Scriptreel.
The ScriptReel software comes with powerful translation technology to get more info translate the captions And eventually the entire video into whatsoever language that you decide on.
ScriptReel routinely extracts the audio from the initial English-dependent videos, and afterwards transform them into car-captions by using the AutoCaption Generation Technological innovation. This is actually an AI-centered technological know-how that could preserve Discovering and increasing when you build additional videos.
Price Range $4M & Above $3M to $3.99M $2.5M to $2.99M $2M to $2.499M $1.6M to $1.99M $1M to $1.599M BELOW $1M
What a great idea… gather up 1,000 or so Russian Platinums and above, travel to a resort town on the Turkish coast and spend a week learning, celebrating and enjoying the rewards of a strong and profitable Amway business with successful Network TwentyOne leaders from around the world. Oh, and the fireworks were very cool…
“It was 2008 year when Russian Platinum ABOs and above went to Turkey to have a beautiful Go Diamond seminar. After that great experience they decided to repeat their journey and on 7th October 2012 Russian Platinum ABOs invaded Kemer, Turkey and conquered this beautiful place as Network 21 family!
There were unbelievable 7 days of rest and learning at the same time! The Hotel “Limra Limak Resort” was a paradise for everybody!
We had a very intensive seminar program full of amazing stories, experience sharing and teaching. Hans Nusshold attracted all audiences with his mature and humble posture at the stage, all attendees listened his stories and teachings in a big attention. Katalina Lovas and Peter Mercz is a beautiful and friendly couple, they demonstrated a unique personal example, shared their experience, teach tolerance, determination and utter commitment to Network 21 training and Amway business.
Everybody was amazed by delightful Sean’s speeches! He told his touching success story, shared experience, rode the bike on stage trying to ride over “barries and obstacles” on his way even when one of them was Network 21 Russian country manager! He got to know how brave Russian women are!
Dream night passed as a single breath. We had a record number of recognitions here, beginning from new Platinum ABO and ending with one of the highest pins as Founder Executive Diamonds! Reception for New Qualifications made it possible for all new achievers to make pictures with their uplines and guest speaker. And the cherry on top was the amazing firework accompanied by soundtrack from Pirates of the Caribbean, pointing out once again that Russian Leaders are truly most courageous and adventurous people!
We are grateful to all Leaders, guests of the seminars for their work. We are looking forward to meet you all at Go Diamond seminar next time!”
November 13th, 2012 | Tags: Amway, Austria, Crown Ambassador, Europe, Go Diamond, Hungary, N21, network 21, Network TwentyOne, network21, Russia, South Africa, Turkey | Category: iReport
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 April 2018 March 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 May 2013 February 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 March 2012 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009
«λίκνο (το) 1. το έπιπλο μέσα στο οποίο κατακλίνεται το βρέφος ΣΥΝ. κούνια 2. (μτφ.) ο τόπος στον οποίο δημιουργήθηκε κάτι σημαντικό ΣΥΝ. κοιτίδα, πηγή, εστία, αφετηρία»
To promote diversity in Bend and multicultural understanding through our curricular program, our staff and student population, and our Sister-School exchange project
To promote global competence among students: the capacity and disposition to understand and act on issues of global significance. The four main skills of global competence are:
To build 2nd language fluency in Spanish/English through the Immersion model of language instruction
This book is a fantastic resource for learning about educating for global competence by Veronica Boix-Mansilla and Tony Jackson.
Terracotta on the Odommo Bangla, a liberation war martyrs’ memorial sculpture at the Khulna University. Khulna, Bangladesh.
Presentation of the historic speeches by Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman at Racecourse Maidan on 7th March, 1971. This statue recently built in the Mujibnagar Complex in Meherpur. Bangladesh
Swadhinata Stambha (independence memorial) complex at the historic Suhrawardy Uddyan. Terracotta image commemorating the historic March 7 speech of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on Bangladesh's independence in 1971. Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Visitor take a look some rare photographs of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and liberation war of Bangladesh inside the Independence Memorial or Swadhinata Stambha at Suhrawardi Uddyan. Dhaka, Bangladesh.
what do you recommend for triathletes doing their first or even second Ironman and also have a bit of time to train? Go long or quality?
SKU: A_1626 Categories: Magic Cards, Odyssey Tags: Condition: Lightly Played, Rarity: Common, Type: Blue
Now I've been able to get three of these things within a few weeks, so I'm off to a good start getting back into collecting for now. This is another one I found on eBay and placed a bid early on in the auction. As it was winding down to the end, I was worried about being sniped, but luckily that didn't happen and I was able to land this one for $6 delivered.
This one will bring the Super Script total to 57 out of 220. I almost forgot that Luongo started out on the island until I came across this one. That is definitely not one of teams I associate him with. All that matters though is that I can cross this one off the want list and it brings me closer to completing this massive set.
Looks like I'm definitely back into the whole card thing for right now. After picking up the Lapointe Super Script I posted recently, I've been a bit more into searching for these things on the internet. One place I hadn't been to in a very long time was COMC, so I decided to do a quick search there a little while back and they happened to have another Super Script listed that wasn't too far out of my price range.
I made an offer that was a little under the asking price and it was accepted fairly quickly. Must be one of those cases where as long as they get close to what they're asking for it doesn't matter since something is better than a card sitting and not making any money.
This brings me to 56 Super Scripts for my set. It is actually the fourth Thrasher I've got so I'm getting close to being able to complete a team set of these things. I also have four Canucks, so I guess they're tied for the lead now. I would need just three more to complete the Thrashers set at this point. I wonder how long that will take to do.
Here's another part of my collection that has not seen the light of day in quite a while now. The last time I acquired any Silver Scripts for my set was back in January of last year. I've always been hesitant to pick these up online because I can never really find a significant number of them to grab at the same time. In this case I made a bit of an exception and threw two of them in to round out my latest COMC purchase. I'll have the other card I got as part of the lot posted here soon as well.
These two bring my Silver Script total to 136 out of 220. That puts me at 62% for this portion of my master set project. Overall between the base, silver, gold and super scripts I am at 254 out of 660. Still have a ways to go, but like I've said in previous posts this is not a race and I'm just glad to knock two more off the long want list.
Edit: When I went to put these in my binder, I found out that I already had the Legwand, so I kind of messed up on this one, lol. I did update the totals above to reflect this. I guess I have some rust to shake off when it comes to making sound purchases.
With this hockey card blog I want to share my personal collection as well as track any new additions. I would also like to share my TTM successes, custom card designs, and my thoughts about this great hobby.
Perceptions of Black parents toward school of elementary school students granted racial balance transfers in Fort Wayne, Indiana for school year 1978-1979
The purpose of the study was to describe perceptions toward schools held by black parents of students granted racial balance transfers for 1978-1979 school year by Fort Wayne Community Schools administration officials. An attempt was made to discover if parental support for schools changed when children transferred from one school to another using racial balance transfers.Personal interviews were held with six randomly selected black parents of elementary students granted racial balance transfers for the purpose of generating questions for a parent questionnaire. Information secured from the interviews was compiled and placed into categories relative to administration, curricular offerings, quality of teaching, student progress, school environmental, school climate, and parental involvement. A questionnaire was developed from data gained from interviews with the parents. Black parents, two doctoral committee members, students enrolled in the doctoral seminar for research, and a selected jury for final editing examined the questionnaire for clarity, simplicity, and consistency in language. A Likert five-point scale labeled "strongly agree," "agree,"' "undecided," "disagree," and "strongly disagree," was utilized so parents could express strength of agreement or disagreement with questionnaire items. The questionnaire was mailed to the total Population of 232 black parents representing 337 elementary school students granted racial balance transfers. One-hundred twenty-four parents completed questionnaires.A computer program, Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS), was chosen to generate raw data from returned questionnaires. Data were analyzed in an attempt to answer eleven research questions relative to black parent perceptions toward school.Parents perceived that predominantly black schools previously attended by black students equalled predominantly white schools in certain respects, such as, teacher expectation of students and fair dealings of principal and teachers with parents and students. Parents perceived that previous schools offered certain benefits over present schools, such as, more teachers were able to teach subjects so children could understand. Parents were generally favorable toward present schools attended by black children. Parents wire generally satisfied with previous school environments, but perceived present school environments as more desirable for black children.Black parents of students granted racial balance transfers did not become more involved in school activities. Slightly more than one-fourth of responding parents were active in present school PTAs; about 50 percent were active in previous school PTAs.About one-third of the respondents regarding previous schools and about one-half of the respondents regarding present schools did not feel encouraged to help plan and develop school programs and activities. Fewer than one-fourth of the respondents reported actual participation in planning and developing school programs and activities.Based on the findings and conclusions of the study, the following implications seem warranted:In view of the need for parent support for and financing of school programs, gaining support for schools from all parents seems imperative. School personnel should seek information about how black parents perceive schools and the administration of schools. Knowledge of parental perceptions about schools may be helpful to school authorities in the evaluation of racial issue postures and the handling of problems related to effective instruction.School principals and teachers need to be well grounded in sociology and psychology of various racial groups. While psychological effects of integrated school settings are important, black parents seem most concerned about the effects of integrated school settings on the academic success of black children.How well black students do in school may be directly related to how much teachers expect of students. When teachers set reasonably high expectations for students, students may conform to these high expectations. The selection of teachers and the attitudes of teachers toward students are important aspects to consider where black students are expected to do well.
Doctoral dissertations submitted to the Graduate School by Ball State University doctoral candidates in partial fulfillment of degree requirements.
Early Language Learning and Teacher Education International Research and Practice Edited by: Subhan Zein, Sue Garton
Language teacher education is widely identified as one of the most important areas that needs addressing in order to improve early language instruction, yet research into teacher education for early language teachers remains relatively sparse. This volume responds to this gap by compiling studies with diverse methodological tenets from a wide range of geographical and educational contexts around the world. The volume aims to enhance understanding of early language teacher education as well as to address the need to prepare early language teachers and assist them in their professional development. The chapters focus on the complexity of teacher learning, innovations in mentoring and teacher supervision, strategies in programme development and perceptions, and knowledge and assessment in early language learning teacher education. The volume offers comprehensive coverage of the field by addressing various aspects of teacher education in different languages. The contributions highlight examples of research into current practice in the professional enhancement of early language learning teachers, but with an emphasis on the implications for practitioners.
This volume is a very welcome addition to research in a much-neglected area: early language teacher education. As well as taking a truly international perspective, it includes chapters on bilingual education, TESOL, Modern Foreign Languages – areas of early language teacher education which are rarely found together, despite the synergies between them. Presenting thoughtful and innovative discussions of a range of key topics in the field, it is set to become essential reading for anyone involved in early language teacher education.
Subhan Zein (PhD, Australian National University) has trained teachers in Australia and Indonesia and currently teaches at the University of Queensland, Australia. He is the lead editor of English Language Teacher Preparation in Asia: Policy, Research and Practice (Routledge).
Sue Garton is Reader in English Language (TESOL) at the School of Languages and Social Sciences, Aston University, UK. She is Series Editor of the Palgrave series International Perspectives on English Language Teaching and has recently edited The Routledge Handbook of Teaching English to Young Learners (both with Fiona Copland).
This collection is a resource book for those working with language disordered clients in a range of languages. It collects together versions of the well-known Language Assessment Remediation Screening Procedure (LARSP) prepared for different languages. Starting with the original version for English, the book then presents versions in more than a dozen other languages. Some of these are likely to be encountered as home languages of clients by speech-language therapists and pathologists working in the UK, Ireland, the US and Australia and New Zealand. Others are included because they are major languages found where speech-language pathology services are provided, but where no grammatical profile already exists.
This new book brings together an amazing variety of approaches to LARSP including an elegant description of the origin and evolution of LARSP, an update on research on English language applications of LARSP, an evaluation of a computerized version, and reports on adaptations of LARSP to 13 different languages. The publication of LARSP applications across multiple languages expands opportunities for clinical applications as well as clinical research associated with LARSP. The book will serve as a resource for researchers (or students) seeking to identify gaps in research suitable for future attention.
This volume is so welcome - the frustration of this major tool being out of print for some years may now be over. Hooray!
This volume achieves its goals of being both a source book for clinicians working in various languages and introducing new adaptations of LARSP.
- LINGUIST List, Vol-24-2071. Wed May 15 2013 - Leah R. Paltiel-Gedalyovich, Hedim Institutes of Audiology, Ltd
Martin J. Ball is Professor of Speech Language Pathology at Linköping University, Sweden. He is co-editor of the journal Clinical Linguistics and Phonetics (Taylor & Francis), and the book series Communication Disorders Across Languages (Multilingual Matters). His main research interests include sociolinguistics, clinical phonetics and phonology, and the Celtic languages.
David Crystal is Honorary Professor of Linguistics at the University of Bangor, UK. Since 1984, he has worked from his home in Holyhead, North Wales as a writer, editor, lecturer and broadcaster on linguistics, applied linguistics, and English language studies. His books include The Cambridge Encyclopedia of Language (2010), The Stories of English (2005) and Internet Linguistics (2011).
Paul Fletcher is Emeritus Professor of Speech and Hearing Sciences at University College Cork, Ireland. Since the 1970s he has published widely on language development and language impairment in children speaking English, and more recently on those speaking Cantonese and Mandarin. His research focus, initially primarily on syntax, has broadened to include vocabulary, and the interaction between vocabulary and syntax in language development.
This is a placeholder page for Diane Denney, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Diane Denney.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Diane Denney. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Diane Denney. We created this page automatically in hopes Diane Denney would find it. If you are not Diane Denney, but are an alumni of Chaparral High School Las Vegas, NV, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Chaparral High School	of Las Vegas, Nevada
This is a placeholder page for Meg Green, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Meg Green.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Meg Green. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Meg Green. We created this page automatically in hopes Meg Green would find it. If you are not Meg Green, but are an alumni of Chaparral High School Scottsdale, AZ, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Chaparral High School	of Scottsdale, Arizona
Charles Chaplin and the Little Tramp are trademarks and/or service marks of Bubbles Inc. S.A. and/or Roy Export Company Establishment, used with permission.
This is a template project: we are making a template for blog sites. Right now this template is open to contributions from any registered Wikidot user.
New knowledge and skills start to fade away as soon as participants walk out the door. For training to have the most impact, it has to be reinforced. Learn more about the science, theories, and studies behind Mindmarker’s proven methodology.
Alison Owings won the Biography Fellowship awarded annually by the Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Conference, held at the University of North Texas. The fellowship is co-sponsored by BIO and BIO co-founder James McGrath Morris. With her fellowship, Owings receives a two- to three-week residency in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and mentoring from Morris during her stay. In addition, she will receive complimentary admission to the 2019 BIO Conference and a $500 stipend.
During her stay in New Mexico, Owings will be working on The Book of Del: A Life Before, During and After Homelessness. The book explores the experiences and thoughts of one formerly homeless individual and recounts the life of a former crack cocaine addict now recognized for a jobs program he has started for disadvantaged young people. Owings’s previous titles include Indian Voices: Listening to Native Americans and Frauen: German Women Recall the Third Reich, which was named a New York Times “Notable Book of the Year.”
On May 17-19, join us in New York for the 10th Annual BIO Conference, which will once again be held at the Leon Levy Center for Biography at the City University of New York. Registration will open in February 2019; check back here for more details.
Biographers International Organization has a worldwide membership of biographers. We also welcome those working on documentaries and biographies for young adults or children. Whether you're a writer, editor, or agent, first-timer or veteran, published or unpublished, aspiring or merely looking, BIO is here for you.
Feeling stuck? Whatever state your biography’s in—vague idea, proposal, well underway—BIO’s experienced biographers can help. For a limited time, we are offering a one-hour phone or email mentoring session for $60. (The cost of any additional sessions can be worked out with your mentor.) Email BIO President Cathy Curtis with a brief statement about the nature of your project and your goals for the one-hour session, and you will be matched with a mentor who can help you get unstuck.
Each month BIO features a different blog or website maintained by a member, as well as a video highlighting a member’s book or public appearance.
© 2018 Biographers International Organization All Rights Reserved. BIO logo designed by Stephanie May.
single sink bathroom vanity with makeup area ,double vanity makeup area single sink with , bathroom vanity with sink and makeup area ideas vanities matching,single sink vanity with makeup table bathroom , vanity makeup area single with table 60 bathroom, bathroom vanity makeup area sink with 60 inch single,bathroom vanity with built in makeup area ideas master,double sink vanity with makeup area bathroom table,bathroom sink vanity with makeup area 60 inch single double for sale, single bathroom vanity with makeup area 48 sink.
No public posts in this group. You must login and become a member in order to post messages, and view any private posts.
Eye on Books Classic is the official archive of author interview podcasts originally posted before 2006 at Eye on Books. For the very newest author interview podcasts, on current bestselling books, we invite you to visit Eye on Books.
In my purse, I always have a plastic bag, and if we can't finish meal, I just dump it in my purse. This works very well except if you're eating ribs, lobster, or clams. Then the waitress comes over and there's nothing on the plate, and you say, boy, those bones and shells, I loved 'em!
As a Danish man, if you are still unmarried when you turn 30, you are officially a “pebersvend” a pepper-man. This is the source of gentle mockery, in the shape of a pepper mill. Some ignore the tradition altogether of course, others will just give the regular pepper mill. And then you have the pranksters who build huge peppermills out of old gasoline cans, and plant them on your doorstep. Rubbin’ it in good. I have seen a lot of them over the years, but this one takes the cake:
Someone went through a lot of trouble to mock their friend. Special attention to the details, and all.
Mariannes lille Jimmi / Marianne's little Jimmi. Apparently having a girlfriend is not enough, you have to marry her too? I don't know about this pepper thing...
Nyboder, as the area is called, was built for the navy, as housing for the employees and families. Nyboder-yellow and cobblestones all the way, a real tourist magnet.
This is awesome - I didn't know this tradition so I would've been just as confused as those tourists!
Ouch.I'm not sure what to make of this.I'd be pretty pissed if my 'friends' did this to me.Public humiliation is not really my thing.
Hahahahaha! That is absolutely classic! Love the sense of humour :) The best thing is that they put in so much work to pull this off! Thanks for sharing that one!
There should be a graveyard for the discarded prank pepper mills (I can't imagine how he is going to dispose of this horse), tourists would be flocking. Even I would go.
We love Copenhagen so expect us to be biased. We hug trees, and we love street art, flea markets, old cars and new ideas. We go everywhere by bike, and nowhere without a camera. We worship freedom of speech and believe in democracy, but we have long since lost faith in our politicians. Me and my big mouth.
17.5&apos; Sculling Skiff. Plantedosii drop in sliding seat. Dreher hatch blade oars. Flberglass over Okoume marine plywood. Can be used as kayak as well. Trailer not included. $1700 Bigjra@aol.com Chelan 253-312-7550 More
Sea Eagle FoldCat 440 folding catamaran boat. 14&apos; x 6&apos; when inflated-folds 6&apos; long by 30" diameter to fit in standard pick up. Includes all accessories including inflation pumps, 3 swivel seats & 55 lb electric motor. Stored under cover. $1250 in Wenatchee 509-679-1320 More
Here's a short demo video, showcasing the responsiveness of the new UI. Yeap, it feels like a desktop grade app. K2 v3.x is running on a remote (busy) dev server.
In this first video, I'm browsing and filtering a list of 100 K2 items, by using the top filters as well as the pagination buttons. Then I switch to "infinite scrolling" mode (no pagination, just a stream of all items).
A common task many web site owners do regularly, is to add PDF files or other documents to their articles. In this post, you will learn how to add a link to a PDF or any other document file to…
I regularly scan the unanswered questions in the Joomla forums. Many times, the questions posted have to do with how the output of Joomla is presented. This may have to do with the template, but oftentimes it has to do…
OK, so you have a brand new site going on - and it's all made in Joomla. But how to get traffic from the search engines? There are several things you can do to ensure that Google and other search…
Are you lost? Sorry, but the content you requested could not be found. Did you write the correct address? You have a few options now - don't despair: - Use the top menu to navigate my articles- Visit the sitemap…
Sometimes, you might want to create a Joomla page that is not available through a menu. You only want the page to appear when the URL is entered. This might be a 'thank you' page after form submission, a log…
Last week, I did a post on how to add Javascript snippets to Joomla. The way I did this was by adding module positions to the template. In this post, I will delve deeper into how to add module positions…
Even though Joomla is a great platform as it is, there are times when you will have to alter the core files to fit certain needs. For instance, you can't stand how the elements in Joomla content are put together…
Earlier this week, I explained how to add a link to a PDF file to an article by using the Joomla core installation. This time around, I will show you how to accomplish the same using the File Manager plug-in…
Finding a great template for your Joomla site can be a challenge. There are tons of free Joomla templates out there, but to be honest: Most of them are junk. Finding quality free Joomla templates is important to ensure you…
Earlier this year I went to London for a couple of days of vacation. And, as the Mac addict I am, I "had to" visit the Apples Stores. The first one I visited was the one in Regent Street, and…
The Joomla!® name is used under a limited license from Open Source Matters in the United States and other countries.
joomlablogger.net is not affiliated with or endorsed by the Joomla!® Project or Open Source Matters.
The Joomla!® logo is used under a limited license granted by Open Source Matters the trademark holder in the United States and other countries.
Joomlablogger.net is not affiliated with or endorsed by The Joomla! Project™. Use of the Joomla!® name, symbol, logo and related trademarks is permitted under a limited license granted by Open Source Matters, Inc.
We're committed to your total satisfaction. Sale merchandise must be returned within 60 days from date of delivery. The reason for returns caused by yourself (eg, size, color you choose), cannot be accepted. To receive either a credit toward an exchange or a credit on your charge account, please note that all returns and exchanges must be in new, unused or unworn condition with the original tags and stickers attached. The reason for returns caused by yourself (eg, size, color you choose), cannot be accepted. Shipping Items deemed worn, used, dirty or missing tags will be returned to purchaser at their expense and no refund will be issued. Women's swimwear is eligible for return only if the sanitary liner is place. Underwear, Customized and personalized items are not returnable. Since lost return shipments are the responsibility of the customer, be sure to obtain a tracking number from the courier for the return shipment.
All transactions are secured. Our website is provided with an SSL encryption system to protect personal and payment data. We do not sell or ship any items ordered through the Site directly to anyone we know to be under the age of 18. We will not collect and personally identifiable information (e.g. name, address, telephone number and e-mail address), also referred to herein as "personal information", about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
New condition within 14 days of purchase for a full product refund. Product may not be returned in used condition unless defective by manufacturer's warranty.
The products will be shipped within 24-48 hours after we received your payment. And we deliver them right to your door in 5-7 working days. You would get high quality shoes from original box. We will ship the new one free in case of being lost during shipping.
After your payment, we assure your item 100% Customs Clearance Guarantee. And we will track your order status everyday in our online order tracking until you get them. If you email us, we will answer you in 24hours online.
We, an Internet wholesaler and retailer of original products, have been a Yahoo 5-star merchant and a member of the Better Business Bureau. We send the item from the manufacturer straightly with manufacturer's price to the customers abroad. That's why our products are cheaper than the market. Please be assured, it's 100% authentic.
Registering to be a member will take only minutes. With your account, you can take part in the various services we offer to you. You will receive free help from our sale representatives, they will answer all of your questions and recommend the latest products to you. Get start buying online now!
Before we begin constructing the cabin all of the bark and cambium must be removed from the tree. This can be done in two ways:
However, for the best results we combine the two methods, first pressure washing the bark and cambium from the log and then running over the log with a drawknife to achieve a more rustic, hand peeled finish.
Pressure washing the logs removes all material down to the timber even around knots and dips in the surface of the timber where a drawknife alone would miss bits. Once the log has been pressure washed we knock the larger knots off neatly with a broad axe. Any damage that may have occurred during felling or transportation is easily tidied up at this stage grading the timber back to the deepest point of the damage with the broad axe. The drawknife is then run over the entire log, peeling off strips of timber and giving a fantastic neat yet rustic effect.
Once the process is completed the log is stored on bearers in the yard ready to be selected for its place in the building.
By subscribing to our mailing list you will always be up to date with the latest news from British Log Cabins.
Copyright © 2015 Joomla!. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Barão de Itararé - Designed by JoomlArt.com. Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under Apache License v2.0. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1.
Here you will find a wide variety of useful information and resources designed to help you buy or sell a home more effectively in the Hampshire & Franklin Counties areas. From information on the local community, to advice about finding a mortgage or preparing your home to sell, it's all available here on our web site.
You can also search for your ideal home by viewing current listings with detailed descriptions and photos. Or you can get help determining the value of your home by requesting a report that includes the prices of similar homes that recently sold or are currently for sale in the Hampshire & Franklin Counties areas.
So whether you're buying or selling, feel free to contact us and we will be happy to help you with all your real estate needs.
Whether you're looking for your first home, your dream home or an investment property, we are committed to providing you with the highest quality buyer service. When making the type of investment that buying a home requires, you deserve to have all the latest market information and the very best advice, both of which we can provide you with. Read more.
The decision to sell a home is often dependent on many factors. Whatever your reasons are for selling, our proven effective marketing strategies will ensure that you get the highest possible price for your home. We guarantee to provide you with professional, ethical and confidential service and keep you fully informed every step of the way. Read more.
Dawley Passage Provincial Park is situated at the south end of Fortune Channel in Clayoquot Sound, between Meares Island and the west coast of Vancouver Island.
Dawley Passage Park covers 154 hectares (62 hectares upland and 92 hectares foreshore) and contains many heritage sites of the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation, whose traditional territory covers most of the west coast of Vancouver Island.
Fortune Channel is one of Clayoquot Sound’s most popular tourism corridors, and opportunities exist in and around the park for fishing, boating and wilderness camping. The waters of Clayoquot Sound contain a variety of fish species, including salmon, rockfish, halibut and lingcod. There are no designated campsites at the park, although random wilderness camping is permitted year-round. No camping facilities are provided and there is no camping fee.
The sheltered waters around Dawley Passage make it a popular spot for canoeing and kayaking. Paddlers in the area may see seals and sea otters in their travels, as well as bears feeding at low tide. Visitors can paddle from Tofino through Browning Passage to reach Dawley Passage, or from the Grice Bay boat launch in Pacific Rim National Park. Kayak rentals are available from a number of kayak companies in Tofino and Ucluelet.
No facilities are provided in the park. All services are available in Tofino. Visitors should take their own drinking water, as potable water is not available in the park.
Dawley Passage Provincial Park is located east of Tofino in Clayoquot Sound, in the Pacific Rim region of Vancouver Island, British Columbia. The park is accessible by boat only. Boaters can reference marine chart #3673. The nearest boat launch is at Grice Bay in Pacific Rim National Park, approximately 6 km from Dawley Passage.
Kayak the Majestic West Coast waters of British Columbia. Our ecotourism adventures will take you to Barkley Sound, the Broken Group Islands, Pacific Rim National Park, Clayoquot Sound and the Deer Group Islands. We provide Part-day, Full-day, and Multi-day trips. Camp on pristine beaches, eat gourmet food, hike through dense rain forests, and learn about the rich variety of Pacific Coast seashore life. Rental kayaks available.
Located in the quaint fishing village of Ucluelet, close to Barkley Sound, the Broken Group Islands, and the Pacific Rim National Park Reserve, our kayaking and hiking tours range from short half-day tours to week-long adventures. Whether you are an experienced or novice sea kayaker and/or hiker looking for a new and exciting adventure, or someone who is not really sure what the west coast of Vancouver Island is all about, we promise we will find the right experience for you.
Kayaking and hiking are great ways to explore the beautiful beaches, peaceful coves, offshore islands, wildlife and the native forests that make up our coastline. Participate at your own pace by sampling a half-day trip, full-day trip, or come on a guided overnight trip and allow us to take you to all of our favorite places.
Located beachfront on spectacular Cox Bay on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Pacific Sands Beach Resort sits on the edge of Paciﬁc Rim National Park, a short scenic drive from Long Beach as well as the charming, seaside village of Toﬁno – famous for local culture and artisans.
Blessed with over 40 acres and 1,000 feet of sandy beach, and built on family, romance and fun, guests have revered and returned to Paciﬁc Sands for decades. From s’mores and board-games around the gazebo, to surﬁng adventures and boardwalk strolls to Pettinger Point, it’s a hotbed of history and memories.
Breathe in the intoxicating ocean air as you relax on your private deck. Enjoy home-cooked meals from your fully-equipped kitchen or venture out to a variety of restaurants for local ﬂavours. Renowned for year round activities, explore summer ﬁshing, whale watching and golf, winter storm watching, and all season beachcombing.
From wise, old-growth forests and the relentless melody of pounding surf, to make-yourself-at-home resort services and hospitality, experience Paciﬁc Sands Tofino accommodations – the perfect convergence of land, sea and simple pleasures.
Clayoquot Wilderness Resort is a small, privately-owned and operated Relais & Chateaux eco-safari-style resort Outpost in the remote wilds of Vancouver Island, near Tofino, open seasonally to guests from all over the world. We are a true resort destination in that we own and operate our own adventures and activities, and, working with the Ahousaht First Nation, provide unprecedented access to the UNESCO-designated Clayoquot Sound Biosphere Reserve.
With just 25 guest tents and an over-full complement of staff, wilderness guides and food and beverage artisans, our clients receive respectfully intimate attention from the moment they arrive via floatplane until they wave goodbye from the horse-drawn wagon carrying them back to the dock.
Adventure unfolds in tandem with the rainforest, tides, seasons, and the call of the wild. An impressive menu of equestrian, marine, hiking, fishing, interpretive, and restorative activities is offered daily – each outing custom-built to suit age, skill-level and expectation.
The resort in Bedwell Sound provides 21st-century-safari style lodging in opulently outfitted prospector tents, and a massage and therapeutic treatment centre with the soul of an outpost spa. Activities include whale watching, bear watching, horseback riding, canoeing and kayaking, hiking, mountain biking, fishing, and hot springs tours.
The Wickaninnish Inn is an enchanting and critically acclaimed landmark offering rustic elegance on nature’s edge. From remote fishing to sunset beach walks, your luxurious custom getaway is our priority, and no trip to BC would be complete without experiencing this remarkable Tofino destination. The Wickaninnish Inn offers accommodation with direct beach access, 75 deluxe rooms, and panoramic ocean or beach views from every guest room.
For an experience unlike any other, step aboard our luxurious 53-foot motor yacht, the “Raincoast Maiden”, to view whales, bears, sea lions, eagles and other wildlife in comfort. We offer a relaxing wildlife cruise with a personal touch. With a spacious cabin, washroom, comfortable seating inside and out, guests can sit back and take in the abundant wildlife and magical scenery with a taste of luxury. Truly a nature cruise of a different nature!
More than just wildlife viewing, our interpretive and very personal tours include a scenic cruise through the sheltered waters and breathtaking scenery of the Broken Group Islands and an optional gourmet meal while at anchor. Romantic Evening Cruises and Private Charters are also available. We will share our love and enthusiasm for the area and make your West Coast experience an unforgettable one.
Offroad adventurers and 4×4 and ATV offroading in the Fraser Valley and the Vancouver Coast & Mountains region of British Columbia are undertaken on a variety of terrains, including logging roads and mountain tops. The BC wilderness terrain varies from steep, challenging mountain roads, with dramatic switchbacks and breathtaking views, to quiet country roads where wildlife can be viewed in their natural habitat.
Kawkawa Lake is set in a forest setting in the Cascade Mountains northeast of Hope region and is worth exploring, along with swimming, picnicking and fishing at Kawkawa Lake Park.
After exploring the Emory Creek area north of Hope, offroaders can camp at Emory Creek Provincial Park just west of Highway 1, where you can relax in a peaceful campsite away from the pressures of city life.
Mount Hope (Hope Mountain) looming over the town of Hope can be explored on a four-wheel-drive road that provides access to the hiking trails on Mount Hope and Wells Peak (9 km), and the viewpoint on the top of the ridge. Continuing provides great views of Silver Lake and Skagit Valley. To access the trail, follow Highway 3 east of Hope to Nicolum River Provincial Park and turn south on the paved road across from the park/campsite.
Jones Lake (formerly Wahleach Lake) at the base of Mount Cheam, northwest of Bridal Falls, is a popular outdoor getaway. Accessed by Laidlaw Road and the Jones Lake FSR (10 km), which has steep, rough sections best driven by 4×4 vehicles with high clearance, Jones Lake offers two recreation areas on the north shore, both with campsites, pit toilets and picnic tables. The BC Hydro Jones Lake reservoir – at an elevation of 600 metres above the Fraser River – is nestled between two mountains in the Skagit Range of the Cascade Mountains, offering some wonderful mountain scenery.
If you look at a map of the Skagit Valley prior to the 1960s, you will notice that a road once ran through here into Washington State. Seattle City Light power company logged the Washington side of the valley and flooded it in the late 1960s to provide hydroelectric power.
Although the headwaters of the Skagit River lie east of here in Manning Provincial Park, the river flows south into Ross Lake. There are three campgrounds located along the road into the Skagit Valley, which begins off Hwy 1 just west of the Hope. Take the Hope Business Road exit and drive a short distance to the well-marked Silver-Skagit Road turnoff.
A sign posted here for the benefit of American visitors indicates ‘Hozameen 38 Miles.’ (Hozameen – or Hozomeen, as it’s spelled in Canada – is the site of a US ranger station at the north end of Ross Lake and the only road access to the lake.) Silver-Skagit Road is paved for only a short distance south before turning to well-graded gravel for most of its 43.5-mile (70-km) length. Watch for Silver Lake Provincial Park, 3.7 miles (6 km) past the bridge over Silverhope Creek. A small campground is located here with several dozen vehicle/tent sites. Although not within the Skagit Valley itself, the rugged landscape that rises above this campground gives a flavour for what lies ahead.
As the road leads south of Silver Lake, it passes beside some of the best fishing streams in the Lower Mainland. There are many small wilderness campsites visible from the road beside Silverhope Creek, and the Klesilkwa and Skagit Rivers.
Just south of the entrance to Skagit Valley Provincial Park is Silvertip Provincial Campground which, along with the Ross Lake Provincial Campground 15 miles (25 km) farther south, provides the best sites for camping. There are well-spaced vehicle/tent sites at Silvertip, the prettiest of which are located on the banks of the Skagit River. The forest here is a thick mix of Douglas fir and western red cedar. The wind whistling through their branches, combined with the Skagit’s rushing water, soundproofs the environment around each campsite and gives campers a sense of privacy.
Mount Rideout rears up behind Silvertip, at 8,029 feet (2,447 m) so tall that its peak is obscured from view here by its lower ridges. You only get a true sense of its grandeur when you look up as you journey farther south towards Ross Lake. Ross Lake Provincial Campground has vehicle/tent campsites on the lake’s north shore. The views from here are stunning, as several major peaks rise above the lake. Owing to their height, the tops of these Cascade Mountain peaks escaped the most recent period of glaciation and boast a more rugged, less rounded appearance than their Coast Mountain counterparts to the north.
Other popular 4×4 destinations in the eastern Fraser Valley and south to the US border include American Creek, Caroline Mines, the Hope Slide Area, Lorenzetta Hunter, Nickel Mine Area, Soboury Creek, Sowaqua Creek, Squeah Union Bar, Sumallo Canyon, and Sunshine Valley.
While many outdoor recreational adventures in BC can be enjoyed on your own, or in private groups, many activities are best enjoyed under the care and guidance of experienced tour operators. Casual visitors to British Columbia are seldom able to venture into the backroads and experience the real wilderness. That’s where offroad tour operators play a valuable role, offering full or half day all-terrain excursions, backcountry wilderness trips, and scenic mountain tours.
Note that some of the areas listed require a key to unlock the access gate. Most of these gated areas restrict access to people who have paid a forestry tenure fee to the BC government to secure a key. Local tour operators will have access to these areas.
If you venture out on your own, be aware that many of the gravel roads are active logging roads, so exercise caution, especially during the week.
British Columbia announced new regulations for offroad vehicles in 2011, including safety and environmental regulations, and requirements regarding licensing and registration.
Only a licence will be required for crossing highways at designated areas, rather than the operations permit previously required. The designated crossings will help connect trails across the province. Off-road vehicle users are also required to have a one-time registration permit.
The changes will apply to all-terrain vehicles, quads, off-highway motorcycles and utility vehicles, as well as snowmobiles. By fall 2012, all of BC’s new requirements should be in effect, including required helmet use, spark arrestors to avoid forest fires, and new mufflers to control noise.
Responsible off-road riders welcome the new regulations in BC, particularly the registration and display of plates, as it may help to identify off-road users who damage the environment. A portion of the registration and licensing fees will go back to the associations to build trails.
The new policy regulations were implemented by ICBC in consultation with the Quad Riders Association of B.C. and the Private Forest Landowners Association.
Crystal Mountain Resort, north of Westbank in the Okanagan region of British Columbia, offers downhill skiers and snowboarders some awesome terrain, a friendly staff, and affordable prices that allow the whole family to ski within their budget.
Get High, The Ice Tower is in operation! Come and climb and experience the thrill of a 30-foot Ice Tower, the first of it’s kind at a ski area in Western Canada. For a small fee, we will gear you up and an experienced climber will teach you the lingo and how to use ice cleats and ice picks,and how to climb up and descend an ice wall. Then you will climb the wall on your own while at all times secured by belay. When you are ready, we will lower you to “rappel” you back to the ground This is available on Saturdays and Sundays only.
Crystal Mountain is located 9.5 miles (15 km) northwest of Westbank and 19 miles (30 km) west of Kelowna. From Kelowna, take Highway 97 south past Westbank and take the Glenrosa exit. Follow Glenrosa Road for 7.5 miles (12 km). From Vancouver and Merritt, take Highway 97C “the connector” then north on Highway 97. Take the Glenrosa exit and follow Glenrosa Road for 7.5 miles (12 km).
Note: Crystal Mountain Resort will not be in operation for the 2014-2015 winter season, but will open for the 2015-2016 season. The closure follows an incident at the resort in March, 2014 when a chairlift cable dislodged from its track.
Nature provides the perfect setting for our four seasons RV & Condo Resort. Located in the heart of the Okanagan Valley on 67 acres. The resort features a wide array of accommodation options ranging from vacation condominiums to fully serviced, landscaped RV sites. Reserve now and enjoy the “Sweet Life”. Specials available for first time visitors.
Johnstone Strait & Broughton Archipelago Expedition, British Columbia This expedition is a professionally-guided 6-day kayaking [...]
EMR Vacation Rentals is a fully-licensed Travel Agency offering fully-furnished BC vacation homes, condos, suites, [...]
Wildcoast provides memorable kayak vacations for adventure travellers that combine spectacular scenery, scrumptious food, and [...]
The Russ Heinl Group is dedicated to excellence in aerial and architectural photography, which says [...]
So, take a look at Thursdays attire here at the circus. (I will mention that we never left the house today).
The day started at 7:00am, didn’t have the camera ready then, but here she is at 8:30am. (wearing the clothes she wore last night plus a coat)
11 minutes later at 8:41am she is sporting her “bubble bathing suit” (so named b/c of the polka dots on the ruffles)
By 10:57 am, she added her winter boots, hat, and mittens. She was determined to go outside, but didn’t make it past the door. (hmmm… wonder why)
At 11:17am (20 minutes later) she discovered the too short Winnie the Pooh sailor dress from last summer that I keep trying to hide and she keeps discovering.
Thankfully the scandalous dress didn’t last long as she changed into her lady bug pajamas at 11:42am.
15 minutes later at 11:57am she again had donned the hat and boots and was ready yielding a rather dangerous looking light saber.
She napped in her leotard (hence the 3 hour reprieve on outfit changes). Upon waking up at 3:33 she decided to change back into her lady bug pajammies.
By 5:20pm however she was back into her sisters bathing suit and they were having swim class on the living room floor (note her sister is wearing her brothers bathing suit…apparently all bathing suits are up for grabs here).
At 5:40pm, I discovered her sporting her Dora and Boots undies, but decided it best not to post such a picture on the internet.
Since Daddy was coming home soon, I prompted her to put on some clothes. Here she is helping with dinner at 6:10pm in an actual shirt and pants!!
But, Daddy didn’t get home in time to see his daughter in real clothes because by 6:38pm she was back in the “bubble bathing suit”
She ate in the bubble suit and kept it on until bedtime when she changed into her “footie pajamas” at 8:04pm
13 hours and 13 outfits changes…seriously, this kiddo has more costume changes than a Broadway star. And I promise, this is a normal day…including the multiple changes and the preference for swim suits and pajamas…
I love Christmas. One of the things I love most is that it is celebrated for an entire month. I love the time of preparation and the focus on Christ’s birth.
But without Easter, Christmas truly is meaningless. As awesome as it is that God sent his only Son to earth, it is only the first part of the story. His death on the cross for our sins and the fact that he rose from the dead 3 days later is what gives not just this story, but every life story purpose and meaning.
And yet it seems Easter gets so little of our focus. Sure there are Easter baskets and egg hunts, and egg dying and beautiful spring dresses (none of which have anything to do with the true meaning of Easter) but all of that takes place pretty much on Easter.
This year I am going to try to be intentional and spend focused time as a family preparing our hearts for Easter. I want to carve out some time each week to bring out focus on the cross and on His resurrection.
So, I’ve done some planning. I’ve pulled out the Easter board books from the overstuffed bookshelf in the kids room, and plan to set them out in the living room in a basket for the kids to look at and for us to read to them over the next month.
I am planning one craft a week for the entire month of March that focuses on Easter. My hope is to make things we can then use as decorations around the house. I’m going to do a paper mosaic of the cross with the kids to hang on our wall the first week, “some stained glass” (tissue paper) window hangings for week two, and I am still hunting down an idea for week 3 (any suggestions?) For week 4, I bought these coloring books from CBD.com (at $1.49 each, I got one for each kid) and we are going to work that week on coloring in the pictures and retelling the story. And on the week of Easter we are going to make resurrection cookies. I also bought this book which has some mazes, connect the dots, and other paper projects we can work on throughout the month.
I have a set of resurrection eggs, which I have used in the past, but not really. I haven’t gone through them day by day with the kids like they are intended. This year, I have it on the calendar. We will start on March 24th and do one egg each day, thus retelling the Easter story for 12 days leading up to Easter.
By Good Friday, I hope that our family will be prepared to truly worship and grieve our sins at the Good Friday service at our church that evening. It is my favorite worship service of the year, as it is such a precious time of meditation and reflection of Christ’s death on the cross, but in such an intimate and personal way. Saturday we will most likely have an Easter egg hunt with both sets of grandparents and dye eggs with them as well. (It’s become a sort of tradition here to do that on Sat with the grands and it always a ton of fun). In my opinion there is nothing wrong with Easter eggs, it’s just not what it is all about. And Sunday, we will worship our Lord together as a family at our church as we celebrate His resurrection.
It is my prayer that by making Easter a month long celebration, we can all more fully internalize the true meaning of not only Easter, but of our life. We were created to bring glory to God and without comprehending the depth of our sin, the sacrifice of the cross, and Christ’s conquer of death as he rose from the dead, we can’t truly bring Him glory.
“I pray that out of his glorious riches he may strengthen you with power through his Spirit in your inner being, so that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith. And I pray that you, being rooted and established in love, may have power, together with all the saints, to grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of Christ, 19and to know this love that surpasses knowledge—that you may be filled to the measure of all the fullness of God.”
Do you have any Easter traditions, crafts, ideas, you’d like to share? Please share in the comments below. I am always looking for new ideas to incorporate here at the circus and would LOVE to hear from you!
I know that many think Valentine’s day is just a day created by Hallmark. Others think it’s a cheesy holiday for saps. Say what you will, I’ll jump at a chance for a date night with my hubby. And I don’t mind a sweet card and some cinnamon heart candy either.
But, after having kids, Scott and I found it rather difficult to go out for Valentine’s day. Since we don’t hire babysitters, we typically rely on friends or grandparents for babysitting and you can’t ask another couple to babysit for you on Valentine’s Day. So, for a few years we just did an in home date night after putting the little one (and then ones) to bed.
We decided to celebrate Valentine’s day on the 7th instead of the 14th. This way, we weren’t asking anyone to skip out on their own Valentine’s plans. And the best part is, it also frees us up to babysit for a friend so that they can go out on Valentine’s day. We love it!
This year we babysat for our very dear friends. Since we had 5 young ones at our house on Valentine’s night, we decided to throw them their own party. We had heart shaped meatballs and spaghetti for dinner.
Then we did a fun painting craft after dinner. I asked the kids their favorite craft and they told me painting. So, I found these wooden hearts at Michael’s for $1 each. Throw in some acrylic paint and some old tee shirts and we were set for fun!
We topped the evening off with a heart shaped cake. (check out the recipe here…it was so fun to make). Mental note: need 2 tubs of icing next time!
Unfortunately, we weren’t able to go out on the 7th due to one of our many snowstorms this month. But, we do have plans to go out tonight and I am greatly looking forward to a nice evening out with my man!
Celebrating Valentine’s day, not on Valentine’s day so that we can babysit for our friends is a tradition that totally works for us. Visit here or here for more fun picture posts!
When I came out to the kitchen to make breakfast this morning, I felt a cold draft. I then noticed my son sitting in the sliding glass door.
He told me he was listening to the birds in the backyard. They were offering up a beautiful melody. One thing I love about life with small children is that they help you to stop and take notice of the everyday miracles in the world around you. How often do we just sit and listen to the birds?
After awhile though, I was cold so I told him to put a coat on and sit outside to listen. He made some toast and took his breakfast outside on this cold February morning to spend some more time with his beloved birds.
On mornings like this, I love the flexibility of home schooling. I love that we can just start our day a little later and let them follow their whims a bit. We can’t let their whims direct our entire day, but it was a sweet start to our morning.
Thought I’d share a glimpse of our dishwasher with you all. Because it cracks me up. Last week I called Scott at work to tell him the dishwasher was gushing water out the sides. One thing I love about Scott, is that when something appears broken, he almost always finds a way to make it work. Seriously, he is not afraid to tear anything apart and “macgyver” it. Which has saved us tons of money over the years… He’s torn apart computers, the washing machine, the dishwasher, our oven, the toilet…
He has managed to baby our dishwasher for quite awhile now. I have thought for sure it was a goner (and sometimes even secretly wished it was b/c I would love a new one with a timer) many times as it’s leaked water all over our kitchen. But Scott would just grab a screw driver pull it out and find a way to make it work.
This time the gasket was broken, which keeps the seal at the top closed, thus preventing water from gushing out the sides during the rinse cycle. Scott went online to find the cost of a new gasket..$45. Which is MUCH cheaper than a new dish washer and MUCH more pleasant than the thought of hand washing all of our dishes. In the mean time, he went downstairs and found a C clamp to keep the door closed while I run it. Unfortunately, the only C clamp he could find was this industrial sized one. Seriously, talk about over kill for the job.
It’s been over a week with this big guy on my dishwasher. This is partly b/c our washing machine was also broken and I wasn’t sure how much we’d have to pay for one on craigslist. Thankfully though, I found a free washing machine on craigslist, so we can order the gasket. (a big yippee for craigslist)
Until then I simply screw on the world’s largest C clamp when I want to run my dishwasher and give thanks for a husband who always finds a way to make things work.
We’ve been recording the Olympics and then watching portions of it the following evening with our kids. I have loved their enthusiasm for the events. They wave their American flags and pound their fists in their air chanting, “Go USA, GO USA, GO USA!” My son has had lots of questions about the countries and flags and which ones are our friends. We’ve had many teachable moments to discuss hard work, practice, and never giving up. And I couldn’t help myself, I teared up when Alexandre Bilodeau became the first Canadian to win Olympic gold on home soil and got chills when China’s Shen and Zhao won a gold after 18 years of skating together. But my favorite Olympic moment thus far this year was watching my girls imitate the figure skaters.
I’ve seen various posts every now and then linked up to I Heart faces weekly photo contests. And I’ve thought about entering, but then never did. When I heard the theme this week was “I Wanna Dance” I knew I had to link up a picture from our impromptu New Years Eve dance party in our living room. The hardest part for me, was picking which picture. Hope I made the right choice.
We knew this day was coming for awhile now. In fact, it got pushed back at least twice. But, sadly, the inevitable could not be avoided…after spending 10 weeks on the east coast, aunt Karen and baby Eli headed back to Texas this morning.
We have had a blast having them close for so long. It’s been so fun to “pretend” they were local and see them casually for dinners, or at church, or for an overnight every now and then. We’ve truly lived it up during our time together. We attended the parade of lights in downtown Annapolis, we took a road trip to visit our mutual blogging friend, Happy, (4 kids and 2 moms on a 5 hr road trip…that was a slew of memories in and of itself), we had a girls night out, Scott and Karen relived their children and played numerous games of Dr Mario on her Wii, had an impromptu dance party, and played in the snow. She taught my son to play solitaire and she downloaded kid friendly apps to her smart phone for all of them to play. She cut the girls hair and sewed me a chair cover and just lived life with us for the past few months. She even shared some of her precious Skype time so the kids could talk to Uncle Jim in Iraq. We had fun going to events together and fun just shopping at Target together. It confirmed to me all the more what I have known for years. Karen is more to me than just a sister in law. She is one of my best friends and I think of her truly as a sister. She is also one fantabulous aunt and I hope I can have the same kind of relationship that she has with my kids, with hers. Then of course there is Eli. Eli is adored in our house. And for very good reason. He is such a cute, animated, happy, and content little baby. And we can’t get enough of him! When he enters the room there are always three very eager and attentive kids in his face, wanting to share toys, hugs, and love. And he puts up with it so well. They even made up a song for him during our 5 hr car ride. “Eli, Eli, don’t you know your Eli. Eli, Eli, God Loves you.” I’m sure it will be hit single shortly. It already is at the circus.
I have truly enjoyed watching him grow and change over the past few months and am so sad I will miss out on the subtle changes of his growing up, now that he is back home.
“like a long goodbye” to aunt Karen and Eli, no one wanted to. My youngest in all of her 2 yr old logic decided that if she just didn’t say goodbye than they wouldn’t leave. Sadly, that plan wasn’t all that sound and she finally gave them a sorrowful parting hug.
Thank you Aunt Karen and Eli for sharing life with us over the past few months. We have treasured our times together and are already eager for your return! Why does Texas have to be so far apart from MD?
Took the kids for a walk to the park. Nothing exceptional about that, except I realized when looking through pictures that exactly 2 years before I had done the same thing.
If your from the midatlantic region (as most of my readers are, b/c I think most of my readers stalk me from facebook) then you have probably seen and read and heard all you want about snow this past week.
Seriously, I have scrolled through and looked at gazillions of pictures of face book friends back decks overflowing with snow and seen kids waste high in it, which is kind of funny since I can look out my own windows and see the very same images.
And if you aren’t from around here, then you may not have a clue what’s going on. Because I’ll be honest… I don’t know what the weather in FL or Idaho or CA is doing right now.
As I mentioned before, we’ve had a crazy winter. 2 MAJOR snowstorms in one winter… a true anomaly here with another blizzard warning issued for tomorrow.
For real? Another 6-20 (depending on which site you go to) on top of the almost 2 feet I have sitting out in my yard!!!! And I thought rather than share with you more pictures of my kids trudging through mounds and mounds of snow (as I am sure I will have for you tomorrow) I thought I’d come clean and share my real thoughts on this upcoming snowstorm.
Care to stroll with me down memory lane and track my attitude regarding this historic winter wonderland we’re experiencing?
When the first storm came in December… I was all, “this is so magical, right before Christmas” play the Christmas music, bake cookies, make cinnamon rolls, lament we don’t have a fireplace… I am LOVING LIFE!!! This is great! I love being snowed in with my family. This is romantic and old fashioned and right out of a book. Remember my posts and my pictures just oozing with holiday joy and exuberance?
2 months later, forecasters are saying we’re going to get hit with another storm. This time on the day we had planned to have my daughter’s 4th birthday party. Insert slight stress. Do we postpone the party? Is it really going to hit? What do I do? Why this weekend? Why not last weekend or next weekend? Ugh… what do I do? Check accuweather….. 2 hrs later… check accuweather again… finally decide to post pone her party 1 week. Second guess if we made the right call. Check accuweather again… YUP, snow is coming… def made the right call. My attitude then became, “Well, since we already cancelled and there is no turning back, this better be a good storm… I am ready to embrace it!” Stock up on food, bake cookies… this is going to be fun!!! Wait…. what if we lose power? That is not fun… so I fill tubs with water for flushing toilets, make sure we have gallons of drinking water and a pot of water on the stove for cooking, make sure the dishes are all caught up and we have paper plates…. Scott tries to get our generator working. Still about 80% excited with 20% fearful that we’ll lose power… losing power in my mind takes all the fun and joy out of a blizzard.
We don’t lose power. Hooray!! Go outside, take lots of pics…. talk to neighbors, drink lots of hot chocolate…. life is good.
Then Monday comes and Scott goes back to work and we go back to school. (advantage/disadvantage of homeschooling…. depending on how you look at it) There is still snow outside but honestly, it is now much less romantic. With Scott at work, I have no desire to bundle up three kids and take them outside. So, in my D- momness… we stay inside. Because they didn’t ask, so I figured, eh why push them? I know, I know… I am a bad mom. But they were happy inside. For some reason beyond my comprehension they have been wearing their bathing suits every day this week and pretending to swim in the living room. Yesterday they were burying each other under pillows and rescuing one another and then doctoring each other up. They played nicely for HOURS…. why would I interrupt that so we could get cold and wet, if I didn’t have to? Really, why? Won’t the snow still be there tomorrow?
Yup…. snow still here….. and guess what? Now they are calling for anywhere between 6-12 and 10-20 more inches of snow between tonight and tomorrow.
Because Scott still doesn’t think his work will be closed. (times like these I wish he was a gov’t employee) and now I am afraid again of losing power…something about high winds and blizzard like conditions…. and it’s not a weekend…. and well, we’ve had fun in the snow. But, really, I enjoy snow the most from my kitchen window while baking chocolate chip cookies and sipping hot cocoa.
And while I have no desire to be a snow bunny, I do aspire to make wonderful memories with my family.
So……. even though I am much less excited about this forecast, and even though I am faking it a little, I am still going to do my best to embrace this next round of winter weather. Aunt Karen and Eli have not gone back to Texas yet, so we invited them over tonight to get snowed in with us. I am going to make home made pizza for dinner tonight and after nap time today we’re going out in the front yard to play for a bit in the snow. I plan to have cinnamon rolls ready for breakfast tomorrow and I think we’re going to bake snowman/snowflake sugar cookies tomorrow (since we just had a batch of chocolate chip cookies this weekend and decorating sugar cookies is one of my kids favorite things to do). Before I go to sleep tonight I will fill the tubs with water and make sure the dishes are clean. I am sure we’ll take more pics tomorrow of the crazy amounts of snow in our yard and Scott will once again shovel out a spot for our cars in the driveway either before he goes to work or after he gets home.
But, I thought that before I post that next batch of winter fun pictures, I should come clean and tell you that while we are enjoying this winter wonderland…. there is still part of me that, well, isn’t as giddy as I once was. And I strive to keep it real here folks.
Mary has created a carnival to help us record those funny and precious things our kids say, so we’ll remember them in years to come. Some weeks I’ve got nothing…this week, however, my kids gave me a few gems I don’t want to forget.
Last week my five year old and I were working on handwriting. Handwriting is often a battlefield for us. This particular day I knew he wasn’t giving it his all and I wasn’t seeing his best work. I told him he needed to do his best and reminded him that his tutor would be looking at it the next time he goes his class. His response, “What? I thought this was just a scrimmage!”
I have a thing for those red hot candies at Valentine’s day. Seriously, could eat em by the handful for hours. And I was having a hard time waiting till nap time to sneak them so my kids caught me and thus, I had to share. When my son had his first taste of a red hot he described it as tasting “like Michael’s smells at Christmas time!” I just loved his description and his simile.
And don’t forget my post on Friday when my 4 yr old told me she doesn’t believe there is a baby in my belly.
Most years when I put together our family scrapbooks, our “Fun in the Snow” spread looks something like this. Notice the grass poking through the snow and the pathetic little snowball snowman my son built?
But, this winter has been crazy! We had a record breaking snowfall in December. Then, last week we got a good 6 inches of snowfall (which in any normal MD winter, would have made us giddy with excitement). And today we were blasted with another record breaking and historic snowfall. In a way I feel kind of sorry for our kids, because at this young age they are already seeing the most snow they will probably ever see at one time. It’s all down here from here. No worries, though, we’ve documented it well and are fully enjoying some fun in the snow. I am so glad that this year I snagged some boots on sale on Black Friday. I def got my money’s worth out of em!
Hi! My name is Crystal and I'd like to welcome you to LifeAtTheCircus. My roles as wife, homemaker and homeschooling mother of 4 feel much like a circus with 3 rings constantly vying for my attention. Life is often chaotic but I'm loving every minute and wouldn't want it any other way.
Here is what happens when you let your two year old go swimming without one of those handy, dandy swimmy diapers. We brought one along on...
We left Gana’s house around 11 on Saturday. Our destination was Great Basin National Park in eastern Nevada. Our route was ‘the lone...
This February the girls had their very first international meet in Orlando Florida! And since the meet happened to be only 10 minutes from ...
After much saving and planning, the circus fam set off for another National Park adventure. Our mission: to visit 8 national parks (7 in C...
While he’s been interested in going on the potty for awhile now… even going on his own every once and awhile, I haven’t yet been reading to ...
We can not make a trip to the state of California without finding a way to visit Scott’s Nana. Even though California is a big state, and b...
When we first began our quest, I assumed Death Valley National Park would be a mere checking off of a box. But, as we started planning and ...
Our campground was located pretty much on the border of Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks. We woke slowly and had a leisurely brea...
The day before we left for vacation, I had commented to a friend that I found packing for our cruise to be more challenging than any other v...
I LOVE hosting Christmas. And I am so thankful that my extended family allows me that privilege. I am thankful that they all have been wil...
Circus Shots (222) Motherhood (205) Darndest Things (110) Traveling Circus (89) family (76) Weekend Thoughts (74) Keeping it Real (72) holidays (69) growing up (66) About Me (51) Homemaker (50) home school (41) Me to You (36) Wife (35) Works For Me Wednesday (30) Circus Dad (29) national parks (29) Sleep (27) Steelers (26) homeschool (26) siblings (24) grand adventure of 2013 (23) Christmas (20) sisters (20) God's handiwork (19) traditions (19) fall (17) pregnancy (15) recipes (14) Meals (13) birthdays (13) family fun (12) Maggie (11) friends (11) Goals (10) camping (10) cousins (10) family dinners (10) gymnastics (10) summer (10) field trip (9) mess (9) snow (9) Gardening (8) Halloween (8) baseball (8) soccer (8) tooth fairy (8) Book Review (7) craft projects (7) dress up (7) football (7) marriage (7) our story (7) road trip (7) running (7) Florida (6) Wendy (6) brothers (6) cub scouts (6) faith (6) fashion (6) reading (6) seasons (6) super hero (6) Boston (5) Cartwheel (5) baby (5) beach (5) blogging (5) cat (5) flashbacks (5) thankful (5) Army (4) Aunt Karen (4) Sudan (4) apple picking (4) birth stories (4) comics (4) cooking (4) farm (4) gingerbread house (4) home (4) library (4) sidelines (4) videos (4) zoo (4) Annapolis (3) Chick-Fil-A (3) Christmas Tree (3) Circus pets (3) Disney (3) Guest Post (3) Labor Day (3) Looking Back (3) Shuttle launch (3) Star Wars (3) american girl doll (3) baby birds (3) baking (3) craft (3) dates (3) giveaways (3) losing teeth (3) sports (3) spring (3) strawberry picking (3) tree cutting (3) year end review (3) Chick-Fi-lA (2) Christmas cookies (2) Discipline (2) Easter (2) Grand Canyon National Park (2) Presidents Day (2) Sunday School (2) US History (2) Washington DC (2) advice (2) anniversary (2) aquarium (2) bike riding (2) child photographer (2) coffee (2) dinner conversations (2) father/son (2) fishing (2) hurricane (2) kids art work (2) lawn (2) legos (2) mother/son (2) moving (2) phases (2) pulling teeth (2) pumpkin (2) real life (2) reflections (2) sailing (2) sewing (2) sunset (2) swimming (2) things that make me laugh (2) winter (2) Red Lake 40 (1) aquarium field trip (1) red dye (1)
Our final port of call was St Kitts. . We didn’t really have a game plan for St Kitts. All we knew was we wanted to find monkeys and a bea...
More times than not, when I peek in on my girls before heading to bed, I find them sleeping together. Sometimes this means they are both ...
We had a fun weekend at the circus… Friday night swim, Saturday included a trip to the mall to spend birthday money and allowances, Father/S...
Do you think you could complete an Ironman? A marathon? A 5k? Do you think you could give up eating meat, poultry, and fish entirely? Dairy (including cheese)? Eggs? Do you think you could be a better parent, friend, family member or co-worker? Do you think that you could lose 5, 10, 15 or more pounds?
I recently had a conversation with the founder of Buy Kind - an online vegan food home delivery store. We were talking about how much the thinking has changed over the past couple of years concerning veganism and how so many people are becoming more aware of animal welfare issues. She said something that really registered with me: "Well people used to think the world was flat too." And look how wrong that proved to be. So it got me thinking - how much do we limit ourselves by our current thinking or beliefs?
It seems that with almost every endeavor I've set out to do, I've said at the beginning "I can't do [insert next step in the endeavor]." When I started running almost 15 years ago, I said there's no way I could ever run a 5k. But I signed up for my first 5k and, despite my initial belief, I finished.
That "I can't" thought process continued with every new distance. As I had more running experience under my belt and worked my way up the race distances, I still swore over and over that I could never run a marathon. I ran two Marine Corps Marathons.
The same process ensued when I started doing triathlons. I never thought I could - or would want - to do an Ironman. But I did.
Growing up in Nebraska, I never thought I'd stop eating meat. But after working on a horse slaughter case for a pro bono client of mine and watching tons of slaughter footage, I changed my mind. Then, of course, I said I could never go vegan - going without cheese would just be too hard. But after a year of vegetarianism, I decided (for several reasons) to become a vegan.
Whatever the endeavor - running, triathlons, veganism, buying a new house, starting a blog - I always thought initially "I'd never." I basically thought of my world as flat, always one dimensional, never considering the possibility - or actually the endless possibilities - of a different mindset. Much like those who historically thought the world was flat, I based my thinking only on my experience and what I could see right in front of me. But I've realized that what you perceive to be the edge of the world, may actually be just the beginning.
I constantly have people saying to me "I could never do an Ironman" or "I could never do a marathon." My response: actually, yes you can. I truly believe that virtually anyone could train for a marathon or Ironman. I've seen people of all shapes, sizes, and backgrounds doing amazing things. So, not to take anything away from the accomplishment of doing an event like that, but it's really not the physical impossibility that so many people think it is.
Henry Ford said "Whether you think you can, or think you can't - you're right." Sometimes, all it takes to change an "I can't" to an "I can," is to take a baby step in the right direction. I didn't decide to do an Ironman or a marathon on a whim. I took baby steps by doing every other distance first, and then using that experience to decide that yes, I can. I became a vegan only after I'd been a vegetarian and had a better idea of what that choice would mean.
If you're trapped in a flat world where you constantly think "I can't," then dip your toes into the ocean. If you want to run a 5k - regardless of whether you think you can right now - then step outside and run down the block. Then run a couple blocks, then a mile, then two, and before you know it, you'll have 3.2 miles in the books. From that point on, it's all a matter of perspective. That first block will seem like nothin'. And when you get to the point that you're running your first marathon, that first 5k will seem like nothin'.
Whatever it is that you think you can't do, it's time to re-evaluate your assumption. If no one had re-evaluated the assumption that the earth was flat, we'd live in a very one-dimensional world. So change your perspective, challenge the assumptions you've made about your abilities, and start trying to change your "I can't" to "I can." Take baby steps if you have to...I promise that you won't fall off the edge of the earth...
This post was just awesome. I needed to read it as I've been in a "flat world" perspective for a few weeks now. Thanks!
Thanks, Jen!! I really appreciate your comment and it means a lot to me that you could relate to the post! I hope that you can step out in the New World soon!
I won't claim that I came up with question "sideline or finish line" on my own. I was sitting behind a bus today and the ad o...
I recently posted a blog about how the website Pinterest can be a useful resource for nutrition, workouts, and general inspiration. Who&#...
This is part 2 of a series I wanted to start to explain the various reasons for why I became a vegan. It's taken me awhile to draft part...
"I have been a seeker and I still am, but I stopped asking the books and the stars. I started listening to the teaching of my Soul....
RECOVERY: Sex in the City vs. Ironman - Do Women Have to Choose Between High Heels and Running Shoes?
I recently read about how the Buddhists have something called "Eight Auspicious Symbols." In Sanskrit, these symbols are known as...
I'm not one of those girls who tries to look pretty when I go for a run or workout...In fact, most people often mistake me for a boy. I...
(This post has been modified to make a clarification on Challenge #4)... really have no idea how many people make New Year's resoluti...
It's been over a month since I did the Musselman half-iron distance triathlon in upstate New York on July 14th. Before that, the last t...
The last blog I wrote was on the morning of May 25, 2012. As it turns out, unbeknownst to me while I was writing that blog, my mom lay her ...
5.ノーマルヘアの�@〜�C同様に使用し、さらに髪をセットした後、トリートメントジェル少量を手のひらでよくのばし、ダメージ部分に保護剤としてつけてください。髪のパサつきや広がりを抑えて、紫外線から髪を守ります。
Fan art for Battle Angel Alita - Gunnm, a manga i used to read growing up. Heard James Cameron is going to do live action movie adaptation on it , its going to be awesome )
same thing... got a new monitor yesterday ) testing the color out, just trying to do similliar to what i did on the mongolian girl painting
I'm a Sheridan Animation Grad, and currently working as a Concept Artist at BioWare. In the past, I have worked for Irrational Games on Bioshock Infinite and EA Black Box on a Need For Speed title.
Spiderclan Temple - this is a the finished piece based on the sketches done earlier. This is the Spiderclan buildling, done for Janice Chu's personal game project, Knighthood. Spiderclan are the people of the spider, they live in narrow valleys, build their structures out latching onto the cliff walls.
I've finally created a tumblr, if you prefer using it, please follow me there. I will still be updating both Tumblr and blogspot, same with my artstation and DA.
Thank you to everyone who came on by! It was awesome to be able to meet people who like my work in person. I had a lot of fun, hopefully you all did too.
Offers discount fashion clothing including trendy women's clothes, and wholesale semi formal and cocktail dresses. Wrap belly fat steam74.zarabotalbitcoin.ru Boy gay teen
 Eberhard Weber. bassist, composer. was born 1940 in Stuttgart, Germany. He began recording as a jazz bassist in the early 60s, and made his first recording under his. 3Gp iranian sex clipe free steel36.hashrate.by
 Collaborate on flow charts online for free. Demo available without account registration. Never buy another Visio license, and forget the headaches of Gliffy!Welcome. With her delightful marriage of Latin, Soul and smooth electronics, perfectly capturing the mood of the times, Carol C has turned. Nikki torture galaxy
 Best credit card for college student Biography of Adolph Marix, Vice Admiral, United States Navy. Adolph Marix Vice Admiral, United States Navy: Adolph Marix (April 24, 18481919), was an American officer in the. Philadelphia obituaries and death notices from.. Adolph Berg, 89, of Narberth, former president of the Alpha Shirt Hosiery Co. who served with Army intelligence. Free download indian porn vedio on mobile Gay drunk
Dr Thomas Earlie, Tele Health Service's pilot project manager, made the announcement to a group of 40 health professionals and businessmen at the Conrad Hotel in Bangkok yesterday.  starters36.crypto consult.ru Free download indian porn vedio on mobile
 Danny Weiss is a New York Photographer specializing in creative wedding photography and artists portraits. Based in Manhattan, Danny Weiss also services Long Island, New Jersey. Gay drunk stellar43.bitcoins free.ru
 It's not just Britney who's going bald. it's the next new trend! See what all your favorite celebs look like hairless.
 3Gp iranian sex clipe free Browse African baby names and meanings. Each list of African American baby names can be sorted by African baby girl names or African baby boy names. In addition to Black baby.  Wrap belly fat
 Edmund S. Valtman (1914 ) may be the only American cartoonist of the Cold War era who experienced Soviet rule firsthand. The Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist was working as a.  straight1.hashrate.by Nepali hardcore
 Lesbian apartment com Welcome! Having enjoyed photography as a hobby for over twenty years, I recently decided to sell my photographs both online, and in local stores and galleries. I live on.
 Fake beyonce nude pics PLEASE NOTE Effective September 2, 2015, the Chamber office is in a new location. Stop by and visit! Chamber members are Southern Chester County’s most successful and.
 Inches feet and yards song Kirkpatrick was arrested when he tried to collect the ransom money. Blanchard Springs Police Officer Billy Barty hid in the box with the ransom payment. During. Koontz, as befits a veteran author of his stature, boldly begins FROM THE CORNER OF HIS EYE with three conundrums: 1) Barty Lampion is blinded at the.  How can i make my nipples long
Animal fuck with man Artist Dawn Duane Evans, Kalispell Montana. Dawn Duane Evans, 2007 Contact Dawn Duane Evans Click Here Designs, LLCYou can find your photos by entering your name or event name and the date the photos were taken in the Find Your Photos search. You can also select Show All to view a complete. Best credit card for college student
 Hairy turkish women hat makes a custom home custom? Attention to special detail, both interior and exterior. Unusual trim, an out ofordinary door, a special paint t Building Company specializes in Home Improvement and Home Remodeling services in SouthEast Michigan  Effects of water pollution
 You have reached the artist page for Larry Antonino. In the right column you will see a listing of their Verve Music Group discography (active catalog titles only).  Hermafrodita movie sex
 Blog for The World Race Brian Alonzo. Welcome to my World Race Blog!! Here you can check in on all we are doing… I will update often with stories, pictures and videos…Office Hours: MonThurs am to pm Friday am to pm Saturday by Appointment  stratum38.kupicoin.by Kushboo nude picture
 Bev Grey is founder and president of Grandma's Healthy Kids Club, a program to help children and adults lose weight safely through ageappropriate membership packages and carefully. New and used books, and art instruction for children, youth, and adults.  strictly18.crypto consult.ru
 Korian sex girls The Rise of Erin Andrews Where to Next?. John T.S. Murphy Level: Platinum John TS Murphy is a regular guy. With an irregular path to becoming an adult.
 Jennifer bini taylor xxx pics Seattle, Wash. December 13, 2015 Daven Harmeling scored 10 of his 13 points in the first half, freshman Klay Thompson chipped in with 14 points, and Washington State rebounded. A Tuxedo up for adoption in Sunset, LA. Daven is an Adult Male Cat at Acadiana Humane Society.. Welcome to ! The temporary home of 297,665 adoptable pets from. Better sex Allison's porn site review
Few people realize the power of toys that come into the hands of children. In fact, the toys serve as powerful educational tools that allow a child to repeate associated with them actions into hard-wired neuronal connections at the time of rapid brain growth, resulting into life-long emotional habits and mental skills.
So, next time when you see a child "innocently" playing violent computer game, enjoying the process of chooting and killing characters every other minute, while committing over 200 murders a day, day month after month... ask everyone around a question: "Would we rather offer an alternative of being creative, emotionally sensitive person, instead of having one more violence-desesitized potential gang member.
Presenting T-shirt to the People's Maestro Michael Morgan, Conductor of Oakland Symphony, Music Director of Oakland Youth Symphony - at the Music Education Fair
Presenting T-shirt to the World renowned Conductor D. Barenboim, co-founder of "Music Education in Palestine" after his performance with Berlin Staatskapelle at San Francisco Davies Symphony Hall
Presenting T-shirt to the KDFC 102.1 Classical Radio station host John Evans at the Benefit for Music Education Pizza Cooking Party
Be the one who inspires those around you to be religiously creative and unreasonably kind. Carry out the message every time and everywhere you go. Our children don't deserve to inherit the World that lacks creativity & is full of violence.
You, your friends & your children can wear it along with many world renowned peace advocates as well as internationally acclaimed musicians, artists & educators such as pianist & conductor Daniel Barenboim, conductor Michael Morgan (pic.'s below), & many others...
back of the T-shirt; click on image to find out how to use this visual tool for having fun memorizing piano keys' names quickly
You can also own one of these shirts from this limited edition, that is hand-designed by young piano students of Ms. R. Gutman and under her personal direction. It also includes her original visual tool to have fun memorizing piano keys’ names quickly and effectively, and as the result to enable the beginner to start playing the piano.
LIMITED TIME DISCOUNT OFFER FOR THE FIRST 2 ORDERS PER FAMILY: $15 (REG. $20) for child sizes and $18 (REG. $23) for adult sizes. Price includes both production AND shipping cost. Proceeds benefit scholarships for Music and Arts education.
Support our efforts with your personal contribution in a form of TAX-DEDUCTIBLE DONATION for vital Music and Arts productions and educational programs, that allow the means for changing the mindset through the powerful reach on the deepest and boarderless level of human conscience, through the powerful Resonance of "...wow..." ©, directly from heart to heart.
For whatever reason, be it a communication error, a time management issue or just the thought that there are other more important tasks to complete, many nonprofits forget or fail to timely file their Form 990 tax return. This may seem like a simple mistake that will be easily remedied; however, this is not always the case. Penalties for failure to file the Form 990 can be steep – as much as $50,000 for organizations with revenues over $1 million and $10,000 for organizations with revenues below $1 million.
Forms 990 and 990-PF are due the 15th day of the 5th month after the end of the organization’s tax year (May 15 for organizations reporting on a calendar year). Organizations may request two three month extensions to prepare their tax return. However, if the extension requests are not filed or the filing is late, penalties will accrue daily each day the filing is late. This penalty may be charged for either a late filed return, an incomplete return, or both.
Penalties are based on the organization’s gross receipts. If an organization whose gross receipts are less than $1,000,000 for its tax year files its Form 990 after the due date (including any extensions), and the organization doesn’t provide reasonable cause for the late filing, the IRS will impose a penalty of $20 per day for each day the return is late. The maximum penalty is $10,000, or 5 percent of the organization’s gross receipts, whichever is less. For organizations with gross receipts in excess of $1,000,000, the penalty increases to $100 per day, up to a maximum of $50,000.
Fortunately, for nonprofits with reasonable cause for filing late, there is a silver lining. Code Section 6652(c)(3) provides that penalties assessed for late filing may be waived when the late filing was due to “reasonable cause.” Accordingly, the IRS will consider waiving the penalties (but not the interest) where the organization can prove the late filing was due to reasonable cause. The waiver request must be made in the form of a written statement that contains a declaration by an officer or director that the statement is made under penalties of perjury. The statement must set forth all the facts regarding the factors that prevented the organization from timely filing its return including:
What prevented the organization from requesting an extension of time to file its return if an extension was not requested;
How the organization was not neglectful or careless, but exercised ordinary business care and prudence; and
The statement should be filed as an attachment to the 990 and should include appropriate documentation. Alternatively, the request can be submitted in response to the penalty notice.
While the IRS does offer abatement in certain cases, organizations should not assume that penalties will be abated. The IRS can be stingy with penalty abatement requests, particularly if its not the organization’s first offense. The best way for a nonprofit to avoid IRS penalties is to be aware of when its tax return is due and take care to ensure an extension is requested or the return is filed by the deadline.
Ellis Carter is a nonprofit lawyer licensed to practice in Washington and Arizona. Ellis advises tax-exempt clients on federal tax matters nationwide.
Is it correct to say that if an organization has $300,000 in gross revenues and files 90 days late, then the penalty is $1,800 ($20/day * 90 days)?
Wouldn’t 4 1/2 months be May 15? May 15 is not 5 1/2 months. April is 4 completed months and the 15th of May would be 1/2.
Form 990 instructions state “the 15th day of the 5th month” not “5 1/2 months after the tax year”. May 15th is the 15th day of the 5th month for calendar year organizations. It is also 4 1/2 months after the year end. So Todd is correct. The author is mistaken!
Standard practice in the industry is to say the return is due 5 1/2 months after year end. So, while Todd is correct, it’s a tax preparer cultural thing to say a return is due X 1/2 months after year-end & X is the month the return is due.
If my tax-exempt statue was revoked for failure to file for three (3) years, how can I re-new my tax exempt status?
OR Login with Redtube Premium. Yoyo December 19, Thanks for helping us associate the correct Pornstars to this video! Beautiful lady with the most gorgeous tits and hot pussy 0 0 Reply Submit Reply. Voglio una ragazza con cui farlo! She has a great body and, my god, those tits. I have a hard heavy load for u babe 0 0 Reply Submit Reply. Sign up for a free account and make YouPorn yours! Please enter a comment. Enjoy the perks that guest users can't. You should let me eat your pussy 0 0 Reply Submit Reply.
Want to see other Mobile Phone Bags & Cases deals? Just click here see more than 100 similar products!
HOT: If you already have an account, use this promo code to get up to $25 for your first booking: batub21
Airbnb is an online commercial center where visitors go to discover a bed to stay and has list their room/property for lease.
It is particularly similar to a lodging, be that as it may, visitors remain in the hosts home, and visitors don't get the standard ruffles of inn attendant. I'll go over the master's and con's of airbnb later.
Airbnb works in around 35 000 urban areas and in 200 nations. When you go to another city, you require some place to remain. You may pick a lodging, or possibly an inn, however Airbnb allows you to live in another person's home. This might be exactly what you're searching for, or it may not be. In any case, Airbnb is commonly less expensive than your conventional lodging. Also, that is a gigantic favorable position for Airbnb.
As a visitor, you look through the properties recorded in the city you are searching for a room in. A coolest aspect regarding Airbnb is that they have pretty much every kind of "room" accessible. You can discover only a solitary room (like leasing a solitary room back home), a whole house, condo, a chateau, estate, and even vessels like yachts.
As you channel your outcomes, you can see pictures of housing and read the host's profile to perceive what sort of individual they are. Now and then you will be living with the host, and now and then the host won't be there (you have the whole convenience to yourself). Whatever the case, you need to know who you will be leasing from.
You'll discover this data as you read the convenience portrayal. You will likewise need to message the host if this data isn't clear. You can message the host and make inquiries about the settlement or anything truly. I think this is a critical stride, since you get the chance to perceive what your host resembles. One of the greatest grievance about utilizing Airbnb is that the host wasn't satisfactory.
You can channel your outcomes by numerous things, in particular value, area, sort of settlement, courtesies, and close to specific purposes of intrigue. When you discover something you like, I'd message the property have and pose some broad inquiries you'll probably have. Above all, you need to ensure the property is accessible for the date you need it.
In the event that you need to proceed with the reservation, you present your reservation with your installment data. Presently, Airbnb will gather your installment after the host acknowledges your demand. In case the host decays your demand, no cash will be gathered. Once the host acknowledges your installment, your cash will be "held" via Airbnb until 24 hours after you check in. They have this approach set up to guarantee the two gatherings are content with their exchange. I figure 24 hours is sufficient time to make sense of that. The assets are discharged and given to the host, less expenses. Cheerful days.
As a host, you get the opportunity to profit from the property you possess. Many sorts of individuals set up their own homes for arbitrary outsiders to utilize. For instance, you may have an additional room in your home and you need to make a smidgen of salary from it. You could lease locally, or utilize an administration like Airbnb to help lease your unused space.
Or, on the other hand maybe you travel a considerable measure and in some cases you're away for a couple of months. Rather than leaving your home unfilled and unused, you could profit off it while you are away by leasing it out to individuals who could utilize your home. In any of the cases, you can make a touch of side money with the land you possess.
To list your property on Airbnb, you'll have to agree to accept a record, be affirmed, and enter data about your property for lease. It's a genuinely simple process. Once your property is recorded, kick back and sit tight for the reservation solicitations and individual messages come through.
Much the same as how visitors can see your own profile, you can see visitor profiles too. Regularly however, the visitor might not have much to their profile, but rather you should open up a road of correspondence to see who will conceivably be experiencing your property.
Keep in mind, you are putting forth your home up to others. The greatest potential issue has have is that individuals will harm, take, or generally wreck your property. Airbnb offers $1,000,000 in harms to shield their hosts from these sorts of issues (with specific confinements and impediments).
You find the opportunity to live "locally" in the city you are setting out to, and make tracks in an opposite direction from the conventional lodging vibe
Your host can be truly magnificent. He/She can truly make your visit uncommon by cooking sustenances, prescribing you things to do, and demonstrate you culture
Hosts get the opportunity to meet visitors, in some cases habitually, making life intriguing and fun
Hosts can be unusual or not of course, or have negative behavior patterns like being boisterous late during the evening
You need to pay fee's, somewhere in the range of 6%-12%, and remote exchange charge's if required, and also a VAT impose in a few nations
Whenever you go on a family excursion to Hawaii, or visit Chicago with a few companions for the end of the week, observe Airbnb properties. You could very well wind up taking a gander at a private beachside estate for just you and your family, or a little downtown flat room near night life in Chi town.
As a visitor of Airbnb, your choices are abundant in each city Airbnb works in. Simply more decisions in the variety of housing accessible to explorers. Nonetheless, costs of Airbnb lodging are normally less expensive, and cash talks! As an Airbnb have, you can profit with your generally unused property.
Having said all that, there are some potential issues with Airbnb, similar to the host and their property not being as portrayed or delineated, or terrible visitors who harm your property or take your stuff. Be that as it may, hello, I prescribe you give it a shot in any event once. You may very well discover you'll need to do it once more.
Just like all humans have ancestors represented by a family tree, the Venus Fly Trap also has a past in the form of a phylogenetic tree. It goes a little something like this ...
First of all, a phylogenetic tree represents how a particular species evolved. At each node (intersection) of the tree, a specific characteristic separates the organisms. These characteristics are written in yellow. Each of the boxes represents a particular order of angiosperms, which is written in pink. Lastly, the genus of a species in written in blue. The closer the genus is located to another, the closer they are related. The genus Dionaea is located in the second box.
Dionaea muscipula is placed in the order Caryophyllales. Other members in this order include: Nepenthes, Drosophyllum, Habropetalum, Dioncophyllum, Triphyophyllum, Drosera, and Aldrovandra. They are all members of this order because they exhibit free-central or basal placentation. (For more details about classification, see the Home page). By looking at the tree, Drosera, Dionaea, and Aldrovandra are the close relatives to each other because of their characteristic trapping mechanism. Dionaea and Aldrovandra have the most advanced traps, therefore, they are the closest in relation of all other carnivorous plants. (Check out the Adapt to Trap page to see how this mechanism functions).
Using a freedom fueler processor with an in tank heater. Have produced about six excellent 40 gallon batches so far. Last batch passed miscibility test. Washed it dried it and filtered it through an ion exchange resin filter for three hours. Passes 3/27 test with minimal clouding at first but cleared up in a minute or two with nothing dropping out. Performed a phlip test. Red color remained ok, biodiesel was slighlty hazy, and I mean really slightly. What's anyones take on that? Do I have good fuel to put in my truck or not? Any help is appreciated.
It has been mentioned that cloudiness in 3/27 that otherwise passes may be caused by catalyst but others disagree.
But, over and over again, when I test samples taken at various points in the process, it goes like this: (less converted to more)
It is also interesting to see how temp affects the test. I have seen fuel which has a small amount of fallout at 68f pass cleanly at 72f. I have also seen fuel which passes fine at 68f, clearly fail at 64f.
I can also verify what you saw with glycerine not causing fallout. I have added one ml of glycerine along with the 3 mls of passing fuel. This did not cause fallout.
It might be interesting to add to your list the idea of adding some water, soap etc to a test. What I mean is 3 mls of known fuel, 27 mls methanol, and 1ml (or whatever seems right) of water, soap, etc.
good suggestions Andrew, I thought of adding them to a passed sample but not before the actual test.
I also posted some more notes on the cbt forum to help with the 3/27 article, a lot of which is mentioned somewhere or other in this thread, and GL processor Graham just agreed to join and help us write new/update articles too.
If your bio passes the 3/27 test, is it necesary to do a phlip test? Isn't conversion the most important factor? I make 40 gallon batches and they last no more than two weeks so I'm not worried about age of the fuel. If I don't need the added expense of a phlip test for each batch I figure why waste it. After all, who wants to cut into beer funds when you don't have to!
If your bio passes the 3/27 test, is it necesary to do a phlip test? Isn't conversion the most important factor?
IMO, if you are passing 3/27 cleanly, with no cloudiness at 68f or lower, and you wash well, then save your $ on the pHlip. It is a good test for acid or alkaline fuel. This can be tested with titration too. It is also a test which will pick up Monoglycerided and Diglyceride better than 3/27. But, if you are passing 3/27 well, IMO, you are doing fine.
I was wondering if anyone has ever experienced precipitated bound-glycerides sticking to the side of the graduated cylinder instead of collecting at the bottom. I feel this is giving me some erroneous results from doing the 3/27. It seems when I swirl the graduated cylinder the beads collect over time at the bottom, indicating unconverted fuel. Any comments/suggestions would be great! Thanks.
We had a pass after a few minutes, but fallout after 30-45 minutes. We use our own room temperature which is usually 75-80 degrees.
I notice a waxy looking substance FLOATING on the surface. It forms almost instantly. No visible dropout. Any idea what the waxy looking substance is? Should I be concerned?
I have not seen this. If I find something happening with fuel for my vehicles that I have not seen and have explanation for, I am concerned.
It's not washed or dried yet. 1 litre mini. The waxy looking substance looks "flakey." It is about the area of a pencil eraser. Not round...but would make up about that much area. Did the 3/27 and noticed almost instantly.
Room temp is still about 62*f. Appearance of "flake" that is floating on top of 3/27 is now taking on the color of BD. It started out whitish and waxy. There is still no visible fallout in test. Test sample is very clear.
Did a second test, (different jar) same temps and got to 7/27 before I noticed any fallout. I understand you think this may not bear any consideration...but wanted to see for my self. Interestingly the 7/27 test does not show any "waxy flakes."
Please fill out the form below and one of our knowledgeable sales engineers will get back to you as soon as possible.
Check this checkbox to automatically be registered as a Preferred Shopper after filling out the form below.
Sign-up for our E-Blast! Stay current on all the new items from Broadcast Store, and take advantage of E-Blast only special deals. It's sent via e-mail every week, and we never sell our list to anyone. Sign-up today!
The Minister of Education and Workforce Development Diallo Rabain recently presented certificates to apprentices who have completed training with the assistance of the Department of Workforce Development and their employers.
The Department’s Training section works with local employers, unions, the Bermuda College and industry partners to ensure quality professional, technical and vocational training is available to all Bermudians.
Minister Rabain congratulated the students for their commitment to complete their respective courses and training.
Minister Rabain said: “Apprenticeships are one of the most respected and effective methods of training and career development. The Department is pleased with the continued support of local business and encourage businesses to contact the Department to discuss opportunities for internships and training.”
For more information on the training and apprenticeships please contact the department of Workforce Development at 297- 7714 or www.dwd.bm
More than 4500 athletes from 71 nations and territories are taking part in the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia, with Bermuda fielding an 8-strong team in the event.
Tyler Butterfield, Tre Houston, Tyrone Smith, Kyle Webb, Flora Duffy, Micah Franklin, Erica Hawley and Tyler Smith will all be representing the island, with Tyler Smith — the youngest member of the Bermuda delegation — serving as the flag bearer for the Opening Ceremony.
Bermuda first competed in the Commonwealth Games in 1930 at Hamilton, Canada and has only missed four editions of the Games. The country’s first medal came in Kingston in 1966 with John Morbey’s silver medal in men’s long jump. The 1990 Games in Auckland produced the first gold for Bermuda when Clarence Saunders took gold in the men’s high jump, and Flora Duffy is considered to be a serious medal contender in these Games.
Dear Bernie, we need to talk. I met you about 10 years ago when you were speaking in East Lansing, MI. I was in deep trouble back then and you told me to just enjoy the rest of my life.
I followed that advice in MY own way. My stage IV incurable disease is now nonexistent. I did complete Nursing school in the midst of a bone marrow transplant and now love my life as a Hospice nurse.
If I were a celebrity, Hollywood would be clamoring for movie rights for my story, it’s so good. You were at the beginning of my change in direction and continue to be in my thoughts. Thank you.
Some years ago my mom had ovarian cancer. At the time, I was going to Nursing School. It was probably the most difficult time in my life. I had two very young children and was really struggling to finish.
Then I went to two of your conferences and read your book, Love, Medicine and Miracles. I know it helped me get through that very difficult time.
Last fall my husband was diagnosed with Stage 3 melanoma on his foot. He has had a portion of his toe amputated. He is getting interferon treatment now and it has been such a life-altering experience.
Often I find myself feeling very alone and overwhelmed. I am pretty much the sole support of the household as well as taking a very active role in coordinating my husband’s health care. I saw your website and I wanted to reconnect.
My Dear, you are not alone. I am very happy that you found my website because it is full of excellent resources I hope you will take full advantage of as you face the challenges of your life right now. You have already started to do that, which tells me that you will find the path to being in touch with your own considerable strength, and the peace that comes with that.
Many people who choose Nursing as a profession are innately giving as they meet the needs of others, but often neglect their own needs. I would like for you to try regular meditation. Browse the Catalog page on my website for the meditation CDs—I would definitely recommend the Meditations for Peace of Mind. Make time to love yourself—to care and nurture YOU. That is the way to stop feeling overwhelmed. Each time that feeling comes into your thoughts, you will have a way to stop it immediately by calming your mind as meditation teaches you to do.
Concentrate on living each day fully—focus just on the present…just today. You have a lot of challenges right now, but you need to prioritize loving yourself.
This entry was posted in Mind / Body Medicine, Q & A with Bernie, Stories and tagged Bernie Siegel, Love Medicine and Miracles, mind body healing, ovarian cancer, Prescriptions for Living, stage IV cancer. Bookmark the permalink.
The key to life in all its forms is its ability to communicate. This includes the ability of complex organisms like ourselves to communicate with each other but more importantly within ourselves, our individual organs and cells. How do animals … Continue reading →
Posted in Animals, Mind / Body Medicine, Spirituality	| Tagged communication, inspiration, intelligence in all things, signals to the body	| Leave a comment
Most doctors are not trained to communicate and understand the power of their words as they relate to a patient’s ability and desire to survive. Doctors are not the only authority figures who impact patients’ lives and their ability to … Continue reading →
Posted in In the News, Mind / Body Medicine, Relationships	| Tagged communication, language and healing, patient physician communication, patient physician relationship	| Leave a comment
Most medical school applications of today state that the candidate for admission is interested in and fascinated by the human body. The problem with seeking medical help in the U.S. is that people come in with their mind, body, and … Continue reading →
Rudy's is a neighborhood bar. This drink special is listed for November 12, 2018 and is offered all day. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
Rudy's is a neighborhood bar. This drink special is listed for November 19, 2018 and is offered all day. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
All trademarks on this page are owned by their respective owners. BARFLYCARY.COM & PLANETBARFLY.COM are properties of Matthew A. McGuigan. All content ©2008-2018 Matthew A. McGuigan unless otherwise noted.
Choir members can now, for the first time, see the music of a piece, while playing it as an MP3 file through the Cor-Cei website. We think it will make it hugely easier for members to learn songs, whether they are beginners or even more experienced singers.
Most of the choir were able to sing at the Penwig Hotel in New Quay on St David's Day - an appropriate occasion for...
Choir members can now, for the first time, see the music of a piece, while playing it as an MP3 file through the Cor...
This website is a ministry of St. Thomas the Apostle parish and is intended to support Pope Benedict's hope "for the flowering of a new season of greater love for Sacred Scripture on the part of every member of the People of God, so that their prayerful and faith-filled reading of the Bible will, with time, deepen their personal relationship with Jesus." Pope Benedict XVI, Verbum Domini
If this is your initial visit, we suggest you read Lectionary Preparation Before Mass and How to Read the Lectionary first.
When Jesus told the crowd who followed Him that He had come down “from heaven,” they murmured in curiosity. Today, He tells them something that caused quarreling to break out. What was it?
As we noted last Sunday, Jesus engaged in a long discussion about “bread from heaven” with Jews who thought He might be the Messiah. They likely hoped that Jesus would do as Moses had done and cause bread to rain from above, proving Himself as such. Today, the conversation takes a dramatic turn as Jesus adds another piece of information about this bread: “The bread that I will give is My flesh for the life of the world.” What?
Earlier, the Jews had “murmured” over Jesus’ surprising claim that He came down from heaven. Now, they were really stirred up in agitated arguing: “How can this man give us His flesh to eat?” Good question! Who of us, upon hearing this statement for the first time, would not be perplexed and put off by it? We must remember that these people were not the hard-nosed, hypocritical Pharisees who often objected to Jesus and His teaching. Rather, these were people with deep Messianic hopes. They had seen the multiplication of loaves, because they had been part of the large crowd who followed Him. They wanted to hear everything He had to say, but He was making this very hard for them. He kept saying difficult things.
If they had misunderstood Him—if He didn’t intend them to accept His words literally—we would expect a moment of clarification. However, Jesus simply pressed on with His outrageous talk: “Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood, you do not have life in you.” There is no let up, no backing away from hyperbole or Semitic exaggeration: “Whoever eats My flesh and drinks My blood has eternal life … for My flesh is true food, and My blood is true drink.”
This becomes a pivot point in the discourse, as we will see more clearly in next week’s Gospel. Today we need to let it register with us how strongly Jesus made His statement about eating a meal that would include His flesh and blood in order to have eternal life. Lest there be any sliding toward an entirely metaphorical explanation of statements as bizarre as these, Jesus says emphatically that His flesh and blood are “true food.” Silent in all of this are His apostles, although we know they were there, taking it all in. Jesus often talked about things they couldn’t understand, but this time He pressed them to the limit. However, we can see that He clearly wanted to lodge in their imaginations the notion of a miraculous meal (just as was expected of the Messiah) consisting of His Body and Blood. When this sinks in for us, we can much better comprehend what happened at the Last Supper. This was what Jesus had been talking about! Surely it was difficult, even impossible, for the apostles to fully understand. Their reaction to Jesus giving them bread and wine as His Body and Blood is not recorded for us, suggesting there was no outburst of questioning or arguing. Were they putting all the pieces together? Did this action by Jesus at least start the answer to the question that began when the Jews first asked it earlier: “How can this man give us His flesh to eat?” He can do it by transforming elements of the Passover meal into something entirely new. He can give Himself in the food!
Possible response: Lord Jesus, I never want to take for granted Your miraculous life-giving meal in the Eucharist. Thank You.
We have in this reading a delightful poetic description of wisdom, a virtue earnestly sought by all who desire to live well. Every human being, regardless of his relationship with God, at some point wants to know how to live, how to make important decisions, how to advance through the vicissitudes of life to reach the end he desires. The proverb personifies wisdom as a woman offering the hospitality of a fine meal: “Let whoever is simple turn in here.” The food she “spread” on her table satisfies the hunger of “one who lacks understanding.” In a truly beautiful way, we see here how the Old Testament wisdom literature prepared God’s people for the joy of a meal that leads to true life: “Come, eat of my food, and drink of the wine I have mixed!” These words, of course, wonderfully describe our Eucharistic meal. Jesus, Who is Wisdom itself, offers us this very meal at every Mass. He invites us to “forsake foolishness that [we] may live; advance in the way of understanding.” How can we turn that down?
Possible response: Lord Jesus, thank You that in the true food You offer us, I can find the wisdom I lack and strength to forsake my foolishness.
We are repeating the psalm we sang last Sunday—it must be important. Because all the Sunday Gospel readings this month come from the bread of life discourse, it is appropriate that our psalm puts on our lips this song of faith describing the joy of eating it: “Taste and see the goodness of the Lord.” We who feed on the Eucharistic meal every time we worship should be able to witness to God’s kindness in delivering us from the distress and poverty of sin and death, as the psalmist does here. In addition, we all have stories of finding ourselves in great difficulty with only one way out—we “sought the Lord” and “called out” to Him. He answered! Therefore, today during our psalm singing, let us “glorify the Lord” and “together extol His Name.”
Possible response: The psalm is, itself, a response to our other readings. Read it again prayerfully to make it your own.
St. Paul continues to give us valuable instruction about how people who have tasted the goodness of the Lord ought to live. His first exhortation is similar to what our first reading told us: “Watch carefully how you live, not as foolish persons but as wise.” He wants us to make the effort (and that’s exactly what it takes) to “understand what is the will of the Lord.” See how St. Paul contrasts drunkenness with being “filled with the Spirit.” The false and empty temporary merriment that comes from too much wine is contrasted to the true merriment that comes from walking in the Spirit. Much of what he describes is incorporated into the Mass—the emphasis on psalms, hymns, singing, and “giving thanks always and for everything in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.” This is a phrase we hear regularly at the beginning of the Eucharistic prayer. It is in the Eucharist that we drink the wine that will make us truly happy.
This smart contemporary 4 level home stepping down the steep site was conceived incorporating clean lines, a strong linear quality and an open plan design that maximizes views and offers numerous sun drenched living areas.
Corben Architects worked with Interior Designer, Cressida Kennedy to co-ordinate a sleek and sophisticated interior incorporating limed American Oak flooring, dark stained veneer, soft grey limestone bathrooms and Calacutta marble benchtops. Expansive tallowwood decking to the terraces expands the interior spaces and provides a luxurious ‘tree house’ quality to the home
The 12-Hour Workshop is open to everybody and offers a great way to learn through experience how a healthy dynamic Psoas enhances skeletal integrity, joint rotation, and muscular tone; improving breath, balancing emotions (the fear response), and supporting organ functioning.
CANCELLATION POLICY: All International workshops registrations are final and have no refunds. Please read my complete cancellation policy available online before registering. If there is a waiting list, a transfer fee will apply.
This is approved by the National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork for 12 hours of continuing education credit (CEU). For more information on the NCBTMB, please visit their website.
The CORE isn’t just any direct mail company. We take pride in the fact that we provide our clients with the very best in everything it takes to put a successful direct mail campaign in place, including our database management and analytics services. Data analysis is a primary starting point for a successful direct marketing campaign – especially when it comes to increasing revenues from your existing customers. On top of our strategy development, creative and full production services, The CORE provides all of our database management and analytics expertise in-house.
Deciding who should receive your piece of communication and who should not is a vital element in the success of a direct mail program. Our Data Analysts are experts at working with our clients’ data to extract profitable cross-sell marketing opportunities and increasing revenues. At CORE, we have the expertise to be able to tell you who you should be mailing, and why.
Your customers are evaluated individually, according to their actions and/or activity, so your communication with them is directly related to your overall goals and objectives. At CORE, we will tell you what your customers are doing so we can present you with the most efficient strategy to accomplish all your marketing objectives.
At CORE, we specialize in Data Processing to ensure your database is used to its fullest potential. Each program is set up to process uniquely, dependent upon your program’s objectives. Whether you need to maximize your existing database to cross-sell additional products/services or expand market share to acquire new customers, processing your database is a necessary component in the development of your direct mail campaign.
Decades of experience ensure we can manage any project in our Data Processing Department. Our Data Analysts have an extensive background in Data Selection. No matter how large or complicated a database, we are able to select the right people to mail, based on your marketing objectives and an evaluation of your customers’ activity.
Are your current programs working effectively? Do you have the control and ability to monitor each program on a weekly basis and implement changes necessary to increase response? All of The CORE’s marketing programs come with detailed response metrics to measure the effectiveness and profitability of each of our campaigns, so you know exactly what The CORE is doing for you.
The security of your customer data is a number one priority at The CORE. We utilize state-of-the-art data encryption, employ video and motion surveillance 24 hours a day and have strict, limited access throughout our production facility.
Learn more about how The CORE can effectively help you increase your direct mail response and bottom-line profits.
Tonight’s vote was a draw, so I tossed a coin and lost. I would rather have watched Truth or Dare, as I haven’t seen it. Saying that, I only remember Emilio Estevez crawling through a ditch, the Green Goblin and AC/DC from Maximum Overdrive. So, Stephen King on coke (allegedly) it is.
You know, I didn’t realise Who Made Who was written for this (should be Who Made Whom, surely. No wonder Angus Young never graduated high school), so at least some good came of it.
“Eat my shorts.” Was this before or after The Simpsons? There’s quite a few good actors inn this. It must have paid well. Oh shit! Lisa Simpson’s in this! Is this where Bart’s “Eat my shorts” came from? So, it gave us one of AC/DC’s finest tracks and a catchphrase?
Somewhere, there must be a list of mechanical deaths they didn’t use. Like lungs exploded by a leaf blower, or forearm flesh burned off by a Dyson Blade (OK, they weren’t a thing back then, but being slightly warmed by an 80s hand dryer doesn’t cut it).
I think Stephen King is systematically trying to destroy the idea of innocence. It’s not just that children aren’t safe in his work, but the way they die. Clowns, ice cream vans, baseball matches. He takes apart the trappings of youthful innocence. I don’t mean that he’s doing something evil, he’s just skilfully creating an environment where horror can thrive. I suppose the fact it’s a toy truck that’s the de facto leader is another example, but I’m not sure whether that’s intentional, or they just liked the lorry.
How many “Magic Tree” air fresheners have been sold? Is it just one company that makes them all? They make me feel queasy.
There’s something great about the name of a film being spoken in a film when it’s not an everyday utterance.
Pat Hingle is the quintessential Good Ol’ Boy. If he was still with us, they’d have to have him in Preacher.
I’m sure those trucks could smash the garage into splinters. If I was a possessed jukebox, I’d just play Ed Sheeran non-stop. A bit like Radio One does. Because I’m evil. The rap version of Galway Girl makes John Barnes look like Aesop Rock.
Kid there crawling into a sewerage pipe. Is he going to bump into Andy Dufresne coming the other way. For those about to watch a shitty film, we salute you.
In horror literature, there are a lot of absolutely fantastic short stories. Clive Barker’s Books of Blood is full of them. These short stories, however, are short for a reason, and turning them into a full length film invariably fails and you can see why they weren’t novels.
They’re not going to do all 8 days the prologue said the earth was going to be in the comet’s tail for are they?
The amount of scrut Emilio Estevez has stuck to walls of his room would surely put off any female companions.
Have any rules been established here? What exactly can the green gas control? Is it things with a motor? Or where there’s any kind of mechanical part? Or anything man made?
“It’s like Neville Chamberlain giving into the Nazis.” A bizarrely intellectual reference to a film Stephen King refers to as a “moron movie”.
I know Stephen King wouldn’t prescribe to this, as he’s somewhat left of centre, but you could see this film as white power propaganda – the oppressor becoming the oppressed, that bizarre belie they all have that the white middle class are an oppressed social group.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. OkRead more
Product Description: 4 inches Round Stop, Tail Light with Grommet Mount & Wiring Great for tippers etc Polycarbonate lens Size with ...
This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices on the LightningIncome.com, website at LightningIncome.com. LightningIncome.com, is committed to providing our visitors with a website that respects their privacy. We do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, address, phone number or e-mail address. This information is only obtained if you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting us by e-mail or registering in a secure portion of the site.
When you visit LightningIncome.com, our web server automatically collects a limited amount of standard information essential to the operation and evaluation of this web site. This information includes:
The personal information you submit is secure once it reaches our servers. In transit between your computer and the server, however, it may not be secure. If you would prefer to raise a comment or question in person, please see Contact Information.
This website uses cookies and session variables. Cookies are small amounts of information that are distributed to web browsers to assist you when you return to this site or a specific area on the site. The cookie used here retains session information, or more specifically, the options selected to determine your itinerary or to keep track of the items you wish to purchase (session cookies remain active only until you close your browser). LightningIncome.com, does not keep a database of information obtained from these cookies or session variables.
When you ask to purchase a product from this site, you will have to submit personally identifying information, such as your name, the name of your company or organization (where applicable), your shipping and billing address(es), your phone and fax numbers, your e-mail address, the item(s) you have purchased, your credit card preference, and your credit card number and expiry date. We require this information so that we can deliver the software or services you request and collect payment from you for the product.
When you submit this information, it is stored in a secure server. The information collected is used to process and deliver your order and collect payment as well as inform your sponsoring dealer of your order. This information is not disclosed to any Third Party except to authorized employees of LightningIncome.com, who need it to process your order and bill or as required by law. The contact information you provide may also be used to contact you in the future about your order.
All personal information that you provide during your on-line transaction (including your credit card information) is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Encryption. When your information is encrypted, it is scrambled and rendered unreadable to anyone else.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, LightningIncome.com, employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, or investigation of malicious attacks on our servers, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
This website contains links to external sites. LightningIncome.com, is not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other websites, and we encourage you to examine each site’s privacy policy and disclaimers in order to make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability and correctness of material and information found there.
Only information necessary for the operation of the website and the provision of requested materials or services to you is collected. The information is used only for the purpose it was collected or for a consistent purpose. For instance, you may be contacted regarding the LightningIncome.com, website, specific areas of the website, or services purchased on the site for quality, improvement or evaluation purposes. The information is only retained for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
For more information about the collection of your personal information, any of the policies described above or about our website in general, please contact:
Description: Kwela publishes fresh, groundbreaking and authentically South African books. We focus on literary fiction, informal life-stories and cultural non-fiction.
Report a broken link for Kwela Books. By clicking, you will be e-mailing the compiler of the index and NOT the publisher. Also note that the compiler of this index has no control over the contents of publishers' websites
Nüüd, kus ma olen ennast täielikult välja maganud st eile edukalt ühe projekti ära lõpetanud ja tähistanud seda üheksa tunnise unega (yum), võin ma täieõiguslikult endale lebo-hommikut lubada enne kui tagasi lahiguväljale astun ja 3500 sõnalist esseed hakkan raamatukogus lahendama.
When you drive over to the showroom, be prepared and recognize just what you need. It is unwise to get a vehicle when you know absolutely nothing about them typically. Make it your business to inform on your own with a minimum of one of the most standard terms, as well as learn what comprises "bad gas mileage" and a "sound transmission," as an example. If you have no idea the distinction in between horse power and also gas mileage, it's your very own fault if you obtain duped. When you make use of correct car lingo in your arrangements with a dealership, he gets the notification that you are an educated customer. You are after that on an equal playing field. Also, it is much less complicated to justify your deal when you can back it up with reasonable arguments concerning features or a lack thereof.
There are lots of places online that you can purchase Bmw M Sticker such as online automotive parts retailers and local mechanics. The best place to purchase your next Bmw M Sticker is on eBay. They have one of the best inventories of new and used parts on the planet, not to mention that certain sellers are offering free shipping on orders. Click below to see the current pricing on eBay.
Vehicle dealers are only frightening if you encounter them unprepared. Sure, they are driven by the living they need to earn, thus their difficult negotiation tactics. Nonetheless, as a smart customer, a hospitable individual, and also a notified deal seeker, you could hold your very own when getting a vehicle.
big lots furniture locations big lots furniture sets big lots furniture bedroom sets big lots bedroom set big lots bedroom big lots furniture big lots furniture store lewisville tx.
big lots furniture store near me stores columbus ohio toledo in company,big lots furniture store toledo ohio coupons locations near me tables dining sets,big lots furniture sleeper sofa with regard to intended store toledo ohio lewisville tx locations near me,big lots furniture store locations near me sofas and at with pull out bed winston salem nc,big lots furniture store cincinnati decoration sofa new phone number winston salem nc,big lots furniture sectionals beautiful home design inspiration stores columbus ohio store phone number,big lots furniture store coupons cincinnati sofas living room sets magnificent,big lots furniture store toledo ohio near me lot ideas bedroom sets clearance nashville tn,big lots furniture store winston salem nc nashville tn coupons buy more save,lots furniture black big store coupons locations near me nashville tn.
paramus furniture stores furniture furniture used furniture in furniture stores in paramus nj furniture outlets.
Back-end600Developers transform static html-code into the working website template. TemplateMonster, you guys rock! Design1,000Our designers make product looks trendy attractive to visitors. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Refund Policy Terms Secure Payment: Hey, Im ready to help you! Will change your product for free in case you change your mind. Prototyping600Prototype helps make website user friendly easy to use. High Quality ProductsWebsite templates made by professionals with 8 years of work experience. YOU BUY template IN average FOR only 75 GET many benefits 24/7 SupportOur Customer Care Managers are always ready to help you. Will definitely buy more templates here if needed. Your Personal Consultant, will save your time for searching template. How Much Money We Spend For Creating an Average Website Template? Responsive, view More Trending Items, view More Top Rated Items, view More New Items. Will be patient and friendly. Our Customer Care manager will call you on phone during one minute. Billing Troubles with checkout?
Source FilesBuying a template, you get html PSD source files and can customize them. Template Monster has been a great support so far and our work is made so easy these days, like you just need to have your creative mind to know what you need and template monster will have it ready made for you. Responsive, portfolio movie, movie review, motion picture, movie theatre, movie tickets, film, film review, cinema, trailer, movie poster. DocumentationBuying a template, you get a full documentation how to use. Consultant We help you to choose the right product. Responsive, parallax massage, chiropractic, manual therapy, manipulative therapy, massage salon. 14 Days Money BackIn case you change your mind youll get a refund. Few months ago my client said that he needs modern, multi-functional website. Will choose a perfect template special for you. Ive stopped on TemplateMonster, looked through a lot of templates, and chose this one actually, because it is great is updated regularly! It Works Really Easy Choose Your TemplateWe are sure youll find a perfect template for your business among over 26,000 items Add It to Shopping CartAfter choosing your perfect template just add it to shopping cart provide your order info. Support Existing clients free product assistance. 100 SatisfactionWe guarantee youll stay satisfied with your purchased template. Products Categories Company Support Help Center Report Spam Follow us 2018 Web Templates LLC. View More Featured Items, secure PaymentVia popular payment systems or with a plastic card.
Echte mutter UND tochter - real german amateur mother and daughter threesome ffm fuck with kissing and cumshot.
Senate candidate Roy Moore may have dated his wife while she was still married to her first husband. Pic of nude celebs. But what we show here is that this can actually be used as a strategy to get others to like others, as in this case a coworker is able to make someone new form a favorable impression of the boss. Ass kissing pics. Our bodies are amazing and something to be grateful for. Ass-kissing works We do know a few things about how ingratiation works in the workplace. Asian porn star escort. Available editions United Kingdom.
Few employees would deny that ingratiation is ubiquitous in the workplace. Also on Just Jared. So if a supervisor wants a new employee to like him or her, a realistic strategy may be for him to have another employee kiss up in front of the newcomer. And being content with who you are. Conservatives Against Donald Trump Community. However, when participants took the role of contractors who had no need to learn about the supervisor because he had no control over their work outcomes this effect disappeared.
Dr Irene Guijt Oxfam on evidence for influencing: My body has given me the greatest gift of my life: Putting it all together The results of our study mean a few things. Hegre art free pictures. Don't even try to tell me that Trump had nothing to do with this shit Thank you for subscribing. She continued, "Since websites and magazines love to share 'celeb flaws' - well I have them! In other words, when the supervisor signaled that he or she had good qualities by acting in ways suggesting he or she genuinely liked the coworker, onlookers automatically felt positively about him or her, and the observed ingratiation had no influence.
This suggests that newcomers prefer direct information from the supervisor when forming opinions about the supervisor, but in the absence of this information they will use observed ingratiation as a substitute for direct information.
Lessons for supervisors In another study, we examined what role supervisor behavior could play in this phenomenon. Would you like to view this in our US edition? Translate to English Translate to English Impressum. Ass kissing pics. Republicans are coming for it all, from Medicaid to Social Security. The President insists that the investigations into Russian meddling amount to nothing more than fake news.
Trump's Jerusalem move roundly condemned at UN. She concluded her message with a thoughtful reminder to women everywhere: But Donny's smarter than all of the world's top diplomats, right? Sofia Richie showed off her tanned bikini figure while vacationing in Miami! Trump didn't seem to have complete understanding of Jerusalem decision: Switch to Australian edition? Would you like to view this in our French edition? The model was was seen Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital widely criticised during Security Council emergency session.
Comments for robots Please remove this comment to prove you're human. Would you like to switch to our Brazilian edition? First of all, we know that these behaviors are effective.
A. If you’re really nice and happen to be in the right place at the right time, you may be given a pair, or by listening to CKCU-FM and winning them.
A. Yes, Barnstorm hosts a rare opportunity for all ages, genders and income to enjoy local music at its best.
A. Gates to the property open at noon, doors to the Odditorium open at 4 PM, show starts sharp at 5 PM! Be sure to arrive early and setup your tent in the overnight area.
A. Yes, just be a responsible pet owner. Please DO NOT feed our dog “Hanna” anything despite how cute she may be.
A. Bring the things that make you happy and comfortable … lawn chair, beverages, food, bug spray, flashlight. There are two restaurants in Finch… Finch Pizza, and Fat Les.
Beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) are NOT SOLD at Barnstorm, so be sure to bring your own. You will want to sit down at some point, so it is a good idea to bring an outdoor chair. Yes it can be very hot during the day, but you should not be surprised how cool it can be in the evening, so be prepared and bring appropriate clothing. Be sure to bring a cooler packed with ice for your drinks and for your food so that it does not spoil throughout the day or night. Plan to spend the night at Barnstorm. The event is designed to accommodate a large number of tents for the evening in the camping section. You can buy a tent at both Canadian Tire and Zellers for $40 and there will be serveral people who will help you get your tent setup for the night – do not worry – this is the best thing to do.
A. The show must go on every year rain or shine. Check weather radar for accurate information. There are several sheltered areas including “The Odditorium”
A. We require sponsors and volunteers to give Barnstorm a boost! If you would like to sponsor the event or volunteer, please Contact Us. Volunteers get a laminated backstage pass, food and drink, as a special touch.
A. I’m afraid the shuttle just wasn’t working. We ran it for 4 years and there just wasn’t enough interest to justify it’s cost. Sorry, but we’ll re-examine this issue in coming years.
You can help “tic” best by having fun, helping to keep the grounds clean during the event and PLEASE USE CANS INSTEAD OF BOTTLES. “tic” has spent months planning and arranging this years annual event and wants to be sure that you and your good friends have a truly fun time!
Several garbage cans are made available throughout the property, please give your best effort to make sure garbage gets there.
Believe it or not, “tic” recycles and would ask everyone to ensure that bottles and cans ARE NOT put in the garbage cans, but in the appropriate recyclable containers provided throughout the property.
This is a friendly and fun gathering of good people – rude or excessive behaviour will not be tolerated and you will be asked to leave. GOOD TIMES, GOOD PEOPLE, GOOD MEMORIES!
Our Mats are specifically designed for quick and easy installation. Over time floor mats begin to wear with constant use throughout all weathering conditions. Our Floor Mats are an ideal replacement to make sure that the interior of your vehicle remains in top condition. Learn More
The Mercedes Benz GLS is a full size luxury SUV.This is Mercedes' biggest SUV, with three rows of seating and plenty of cargo space. Until Mercedes makes a three row S class, the loaded GLS will carry the responsibility of hauling more than five people in Ultimate Luxury..
Research new and used cars including car prices, view incentives and dealer inventory listings, compare vehicles, get car buying advice and reviews at Edmunds.com.
To get more results, try adjusting your search by changing your distance, or removing filters Clear all filters No listings match your criteria Clear your search or change the distance, make, model, year and other search options to provide more results..
Ready for a splash? On the sultriest of summer days, the best—and most fun—way to cool off is to get wet. Lucky for us...
Dice the butter and put it in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook the butter, swirling it in the pan, until it turns a nutty brown. Be careful—it can go from browned to burnt very quickly. Immediately pour the butter into a shallow dish and refrigerate.
When the butter has chilled solid, dice it. Stir together the sugar, flour, cinnamon, and salt. Cut in cold browned butter with a pastry cutter until crumbly. Chill until ready to use.
1 stick unsalted butter, browned, chilled until firm, and diced (follow the previous directions included for the streusel)
Spray a nine-inch cake pan really well with nonstick spray and place a circle of parchment paper in the bottom. Place sliced kumquats in concentric circles on the bottom, covering as much as possible. Sprinkle the streusel mix over the kumquats.
Put the cold brown butter, sour cream, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about three minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating until well combined. Remove the bowl from the mixer, add dry ingredients all at once, and stir until just combined.
Pour the cake batter over the kumquats and streusel. Spread evenly. Bake until a skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature and then flip out of the pan to reveal the kumquat top.
Rediscovering geography presents a broad overview of geographys renewed importance in a changing world through discussions and highlighted case studies this book illustrates geographys impact on international trade environmental change population growth information infrastructure the condition of cities the spread of aids and much more. Rediscovering geography new relevance for science and society rediscovering geography committee commission on geosciences environment and resources division on earth and life studies national research council limited preview 1997. Buy rediscovering geography new relevance for science and society new ed by rediscovering geography committee commission on geosciences environment and resources division on earth and life studies national research council national academy of sciences isbn 9780309076791 from amazons book store. Get this from a library rediscovering geography new relevance for science and society national research council us rediscovering geography committee. Rediscovering geography new relevance for science and society ebook written by national research council division on earth and life studies commission on geosciences environment and resources rediscovering geography committee
Trust your floor only to the best! ... sanding and water-based refinishing or update your floor design with a new stain color with a Bona Certified Craftsman.
Learn about decking maintenance, such as UV oil treatments, here. ... Cutek (Burnt Red Tint), TWP (Redwood 103 seems to work best), Penofin Marine or Messmer's U.V. Plus for Hardwoods for UV protection and finishing material.
Vycor? Deck Protector is a self-adhered membrane, formulated and tested to solve ... inexpensive protection (approximately $50 material cost for a 400 ft2 deck)...
Decking, Railing, Siding & Building Material manufacturers whose products we ... Mid-State Lumber Corp. has partnered with best-in-class suppliers who meet or ... are 100% certified by the Malaysian Timber Certification Council, under the ... The TYPAR? Weather Protection System is the most comprehensive lineup of...
Mar 24, 2017 ... Find the Best Deck Material ... Here are four types of decking material to consider. ... Pros: Best for the look of wood without the need to stain.
Mar 7, 2018 ... High-quality composite decking is some of the best decking for direct sunlight. ... Spending money on the best possible stain and applying it every ... There are a few good, time-tested materials that fare well under the hot sun.
In this guide - top tips on decking protection & care, including... Section 1: What Are The Best Decking Oils & Staining Products? .... that you use a staining product, oil or protective treatment as often as recommended by your supplier. Generally...
Green Depot sells the best green products and green building materials for homeowners and professionals, with ... Moldex Deck Protector for Composite Decks...
You can contact our head-office directly, also you can contact our agent which is near you. Of course, free live-chat is available and you can get help immediately.
Author Broadjam.com Jazz Top 10Posted on April 30, 2017 Tags broadjam, charts, licensing, music, reviews, songs, top ten
That I might be getting back to blogging, I sit down to write and there is a series of things keeping me from it.
Last week ,or along about last Monday, I sat down and tossed out the ever-so-fun, not to mention easy Q and A template. DID YOU EVER...hit an all time dry spell when you’re posting fun facts about yourself, that only your family and a few really close friends ever needs know? That's me...right now.
After that… it was the internet. No not THE internet. Just my internet. It’s awful. There are so few options here where I live…that don’t cost an unbelievable amount of moo-lah! Basically, you get what you pay for. I actually called them on the 11th and they said they’d be out on Monday, the 14th!
It didn’t happen. Late Monday I got the call from the service guy… I’ll call him Juan. He ended up at my house early Tuesday morning.
Tuesday evening… another service guy calls and said he was coming back out instead of Juan… this guys name was Shaun. I’ll leave you to wonder if both of these names are real or made up on the spot!
I will say this… by the time Shaun got here, there was a torrent of rain spilling out over my house. Shaun climbed up there anyway and made the proper repairs to the internet…
then came inside and made sure everything was working satisfactorily before he left… taking Juan’s ladder with him when he left. Yes, that ladder was my only hope all day, that someone would indeed be back to get the internet working.
** At this point, I need to remind myself to go ahead and write an email to the Wifi company commending Shaun for a job well done, and for being a trooper in the rain, on my roof, around about DUSK. I mean, he should get a pat on the back!
There was a handful of other interruptions… no need to go into all that. Let’s just say… the “F” word… FAMILY. HA!
When I sat down to write again… I found out that Microsoft had let Live Writer go OPEN SOURCE and NO LONGER WORK WITH BLOGGER. (THAT’S WHAT THAT MEANS!) Very poor planning in my opinion. After downloading the new Open Live Writer… it STILL does NOT want to work. That was late Thursday. It took a bit of finagling … but I think I’ve got it all worked out now.
For now, I’ll be posting from the Blogger platform—Kudos! to all who make blogging look so easy. I applaud you.
** Consider it pure JOY, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many kinds, for you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance. ~James 1:2
I love your hair, and your attitude through all the stress!! I pay (out the you-know-what) for the best internet service available here...it's still worthless. I feel your pain!!
Well they say when it rains it pours. In your case literally and what a trooper Shaun was to go out there in it to bring you internet access.
It's always frustrating when computers and internet don't cooperate. It always leaves me feeling very disconnected from the world :)
Your hair looks great. You're brave cutting it yourself and going for such a big difference too. If I tried to cut my own hair it would look a bit like the cut my daughter gave herself when she was 5
We don't have good internet either. Charter and ATT won't come up the ridge and satellite just doesn't work so we have to do line of site from towers and an antenna on the top of the house. It is up and down, the only game in town AND privately owned by a guy who thinks he is the best thing since sliced bread and can do no wrong even when presented with firm evidence. Upset him and he'll cut you off. If we ever move I will research internet access before making a decision. Good luck with yours too!
Your haircut looks great. Amazing that you cut it yourself. Hope you get your internet services working soon.
I agree with the others---love your hair cut! You should show the before and after. When I get my hair cut short or shorter I always feel FRee! Not sure but that is my immediate happy feeling. I also have had internet problems because of Microsoft updates. Everything stopped loading---things kept freezing and shock wave flashes kept occurring. I finally uninstalled the update and things were back to normal. It then installed another update yesterday and it appears to be working. I can't use google chrome as my internet thingy (my brain is not quite working)---I am using Microsoft edge and it is working nicely so far!!!
Patricia! You are a true writer. In the order of Dickens, you can make the mundane or the insane into an interesting and pleasurable read -- whatever the platform.
ugh about the internet and WLWriter! what the what? I've had issues off and on, but if it stopped.... I'd be sunk! I love it so much!
your hair is adorbs! You look so darn cute (and young) Patricia! I know it will be so much easier to care for, and save you lots of the much needed time that is a must for ALL that you do!
I feel your pain on the Internet service. We just spent nine days with no service. Three different sets of guys came out and not one time was it on the day or the four hour window! Working now, thankfully. Your hair looks great!!
This blog is about Homesteading; Gardening, Recycling, and Resourceful DIY-ing with limited funds on a retirement income. A budget-minded, friendly, Christian-homemaker, wife, Oma and caretaker to children, chickens, one dog and one Grumpy Old Guy
Before green apples blush, before green nuts embrown, why one day in the country is worth a month in town;
Consider it pure JOY my brethren when you face trials of many kinds, for you know that the testing of your FAITH develops perseverance.
Perseverance must finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything. ~ James 1:2-4
----Archives---- October 2016 (1) August 2016 (4) July 2016 (9) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (3) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (11) July 2015 (16) June 2015 (14) May 2015 (16) April 2015 (14) March 2015 (15) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (13) December 2014 (11) November 2014 (14) October 2014 (27) September 2014 (19) August 2014 (16) July 2014 (14) June 2014 (15) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (10) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (13) December 2013 (19) November 2013 (15) October 2013 (32) September 2013 (19) August 2013 (23) July 2013 (24) June 2013 (15) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (14) March 2013 (18) February 2013 (23) January 2013 (20) December 2012 (18) November 2012 (22) October 2012 (26) September 2012 (23) August 2012 (18) July 2012 (26) June 2012 (20) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (22) March 2012 (22) February 2012 (19) January 2012 (23) December 2011 (15) November 2011 (19) October 2011 (16) September 2011 (15) August 2011 (17) July 2011 (10) June 2011 (18) May 2011 (13) April 2011 (22) March 2011 (21) February 2011 (16) January 2011 (11) December 2010 (14) November 2010 (12) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (20) May 2010 (22) April 2010 (17) March 2010 (21) February 2010 (12) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (4) March 2009 (1) December 2008 (1) October 2008 (5) September 2008 (3)
High perfomance pumps last longer and are more effective than standard pumps. We choose the pump materials carefully depending on specific requirements and objectives of your application.
You have followed a link to a page that does not exist yet. To create the page, start typing in the box below (see the help page for more info). If you are here by mistake, click your browser's back button.
Please note that all contributions to BRL-CAD may be edited, altered, or removed by other contributors. If you do not want your writing to be edited mercilessly, then do not submit it here.
You are also promising us that you wrote this yourself, or copied it from a public domain or similar free resource (see BRL-CAD:Copyrights for details). Do not submit copyrighted work without permission!
"If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?" - Albert Einstein
All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners. This site is not sponsored, endorsed, or run by the U.S. Government.
This is especially useful for novices because it minimizes the risks of losing money due to lack of experience, cara trading saham apple pada trading binary option impulsiveness ...
It is the Client's responsibility to verify that all transactions and Service(s) received are not contradictory to any applicable law and to undertake any other legal duty ...
D Diamante D Diamante Cristal Dames Femmes Cristal Femmes Dames Dames Diamante Femmes Cristal Verbes ayant une conjugaison similaire à se restreindre
For the first time since the epidemic surfaced, AIDS in 1989 became the leading killer of Baltimore's young adults.
Statistics compiled recently by the Baltimore City Health Department reveal that infections caused by the AIDS virus accounted for 14.1 percent of deaths to city residents between the ages of 25 and 44 -- surpassing homicides and heart disease, which ranked second and third. The rankings for 1990 have not yet been completed.
"We're going to see increases all the way through the mid-1990s easily in terms of the number of people dying from AIDS," said Arthur Cohen, AIDS program manager for the city Health Department. "I'm concerned about the impact on local medical institutions. We're not geared up to serve the number of people dying."
In the face of a mounting death toll, he said, the Chase-Brexton Clinic and three hospitals -- Johns Hopkins, University and Sinai -- continue to shoulder the burden of caring for the great majority of AIDS cases.
Mr. Cohen said other hospitals and clinics will have to join the battle for the increasing numbers of sick people to get the care they need.
While several experts said they were not surprised by the statistics -- bulging hospital caseloads provide daily evidence -- they said the statistics carried the important message that acquired immune deficiency syndrome has become a leading killer among whites and blacks, and men and women.
In the 25-44 age bracket, infections caused by the human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, were the leading cause of death when all sex and racial groups were combined.
It led among three demographic groups -- black people in general, white men and black men -- and was the second leading killer among two groups: white people in general and black women.
The statistics were compiled by John Sweitzer and Thomas McArdell of the Health Department's preventive medicine division.
Mr. Cohen said the statistical breakdown shows in stark detail the way AIDS, which struck white men most heavily when it surfaced a decade ago, has crossed race and gender lines in the ensuing years. Also, the 1989 death toll also means that transmission was occurring rapidly across these groups many years earlier.
The AIDS virus is believed to have an average incubation period of 11 years -- meaning it takes that long, on average, for the virus to cause the full-blown disease.
Mr. Cohen said he hoped the rankings -- although grim -- would counter any complacency that followed the state health department's new estimate of the number of Mary
landers infected with HIV. In January, state health officials estimated that the number was somewhere between 16,000 and 28,000 -- not 60,000 as previously projected.
"I'm not commenting on the accuracy of what they said," Mr. Cohen said. Rather, he said he was afraid that the public might interpret the new estimates to mean that the problem is not a serious one.
"I would say, within the general public and even within the medical professions, there is still a lot of denial going on."
Nationally, by 1988, AIDS was the third leading cause of death in men aged 25 to 44 and the following year, it had reached No. 2, surpassing heart disease, cancer, suicide and homicide. Among women, AIDS was eighth in 1988, and by this year is expected to climb to the top five, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control.
In 1989, for the first time, AIDS virus infection became the leading cause of death among people aged 25 to 44.
1996: The economic outlook Steady as we go: Greenspan recovery on track as free-wheeling capitalism prevails. - tribunedigital-baltimoresun
1996: The economic outlook Steady as we go: Greenspan recovery on track as free-wheeling capitalism prevails.
AN EERIE OPTIMISM prevails in corporate boardrooms and financial markets as 1996 begins. Despite the government shutdown, despite huge layoffs and stagnant take-home income, despite bear growls on Wall Street -- there is a consensus that "the Alan Greenspan recovery" will continue chugging into its fifth year. The chairman of the Federal Reserve Board may be a nominal Republican, but if President Clinton is re-elected he will have Mr. Greenspan to thank.
Don't talk upbeat to Marylanders, of course. The regional economy remains in the doldrums, the victim of federal and defense downsizing and worsening urban blight. While some states are prospering, soft spots are to be found -- and Maryland, unfortunately, is one of them.
Yet if one trend predominates, it is a rising tide that makes this nation the most competitive on Earth. Our private sector is larger, our tax burden is smaller, our entrepreneurial energy is released more freely than in any other major industrial country. The social welfare state still has strong advocates and a powerful moral message, but it is losing ground in the global economy as America leads the way.
As the year begins, most economists foresee steady if moderate growth of about 2.5 percent, inflation under 3 percent, unemployment down around 5 percent, job creation bubbling and interest rates falling further. It is a picture, in aggregate, that is the stuff of Greenspan dreams. His game is to moderate the recovery in order to prolong it, and so far he has succeeded.
In peering into the mists of the economic future, it is unwise to ignore the naysayers. While most Wall Street gurus predict the Dow Jones average, now at a record 5100-plus, will end the year in the 5500-to-6000 range, some analysts foresee a sharp downturn -- perhaps as early as this month. Others point to high middle-class indebtedness as a harbinger of slack sales across the board. Worries about job security and job downgrading add to a pessimistic mood in the public at large.
If there is a common thread in the economic outlook, it is one of high risk. Revolutionary Republicans in Washington are gung-ho to cut taxes, loosen regulatory standards and reduce the size of the government bureaucracy. In industry, some of the largest, once-staid corporations are reinventing themselves and slicing away at their own management bureaucracy. The result: lots of big winners and big losers, with the wealth-poverty ratio widening to what some observers consider a danger point.
This, then, is 1996, a year when Americans will be more on their own to make it rich or scratch it out poor. There may be social blemishes a-plenty in such a system, but not yet of a magnitude to contest the trend toward a freer-wheeling capitalism.
On Thursday, April 27, 2006, IRVIN JACK MACKLIN of Reisterstown; beloved husband of the late Sylvia Macklin (nee Caplan); devoted father of Michael Macklin, Cindy Metzger, Ricky Macklin, Eileen Katz, Arthur Katz and Mark Katz; dearest brother of Sonny Macklin and Becky Macklin. Also survived by 16 grandchildren and 6 great-grandchildren. Graveside services Monday, May 1st 2006, 10 A.M., Oheb Shalom Memorial Park, Berrymans Lane, Reisterstown. Gathering after service at 25220 Woodfield School Road, Gaithersburg, MD 20882. Arrangements by Burrier-Queen Funeral Home & Crematory.
ISSUE: -- Anne Arundel County Executive John R. Leopold, who has moved to cut spending in his first weeks in office, plans to continue using a police security detail that costs at least $125,000 a year.
During the fall campaign, Leopold took a skeptical stance on the use by his predecessor, Janet S. Owens, of police officers to drive her and provide protection. Since then, he said, the outgoing police chief, P. Thomas Shanahan, and the incoming chief, James Teare Sr., persuaded him to continue using the security detail.
Some question whether a county executive needs more security than U.S. senators and representatives, especially when the Police Department's ranks are down. But others say that a security detail frees up executives to work while traveling, protects them from angry constituents and disgruntled employees, and enables them to respond quickly to emergencies.
For the past eight years, the police department has provided executive protection to the county executive, a small detail consisting of one to two detectives per day, who are currently assigned to the department's Intelligence Unit.
When these detectives are not providing security, they are assigned other duties such as tracking hate crimes and gang activities in the county.
The main purpose of providing security to the county executive is to ensure the continuity of government. This is a matter of security, not convenience.
In addition to personal protection, the detail provides day-to-day travel planning, arrangements and transportation. This is a time-saving matter that allows the county executive to safely and efficiently prepare and conduct business while traveling to and from locations.
In today's society, we are required to take appropriate notice and precaution. Workplace violence has been a problem throughout our county and will conceivably continue to be a concern. In the past, disgruntled employees and unhappy constituents have posed safety and security concerns to government officials.
In addition, the Baltimore-Washington corridor is a potential target for terrorist activity. Such issues are constantly monitored and handled by a law enforcement security detail.
We have a combined 58 years of law enforcement experience and fully support and strongly recommended that Mr. Leopold continue with this detail.
The agency is dedicated to providing this significant service without compromising other police services to the citizens of Anne Arundel County.
P. Thomas Shanahan (The writer is through today the chief of the Anne Arundel County Police Department.)
Mr. Leopold requires security and drivers. He is the CEO of a billion-dollar business with over 4,200 employees and over a half-million citizens to serve.
Our world has changed in the past 20 years. The executive job is now an around-the-clock job. I would rather have Mr. Leopold reading or solving citizen issues as a passenger in a vehicle.
The county executive does not need police protection. The real question is: Does the county executive need a chauffeur?
The actual cost is the cost of the vehicle, maintenance, insurance, chauffeur salary and overtime - quite a bit more than $125,000 a year.
How surprising is it that two police chiefs would recommend a security detail? The jobs provide security to the favored few policemen.
As to the suggestion of protection against constituents and employees as well as responding to emergencies, free up the police and their presence may not be needed.
The purpose of a protective detail is to maintain a secure environment for Mr. Leopold so that he can devote his full time and attention to the administration of county business.
Let me count the ways $500,000 of taxpayer dollars can be better spent than providing security (a chauffeur) for Leopold during his four years in office.
Hiring more police officers to patrol neighborhoods thus deterring rising gang violence, property crimes and murders in AA County is one.
Funding more firefighter/paramedic slots to respond to valid life threatening situations, that's two.
Washington -- The Supreme Court heads into the final month of its term this week and is expected to deliver major decisions on the future of school integration, the role of corporate money in political campaign ads and a taxpayer challenge to President Bush's "Faith-Based Initiative."
There are likely to be more 5-4 rulings and sharply worded dissents as the justices hand down rulings in the 26 remaining cases by the end of this month and then leave town for the summer.
If Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. had something of a honeymoon last year, it came to an end this year.
The deep divide between the conservative and liberal wings was apparent in rulings on abortion and global warming. Both were decided by 5-4 votes, with conservatives winning the abortion case and the liberals carrying the global warming decision.
Roberts and Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. have lined up with veteran conservatives Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
They are opposed by a liberal contingent led by 87-year old Justice John Paul Stevens and joined by Justices David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
In the middle sits Kennedy. His vote often creates a 5-4 majority for one side or the other. In the court's 13 rulings decided by one vote this term, Kennedy is the only justice to have been in the majority each time.
This month, the conservatives figure to prevail in three cases. Parents Involved v. Seattle will decide whether school officials may use racial guidelines to maintain integration.
Parents from Seattle and Louisville, Ky., are challenging the voluntary integration policies in those cities.
Federal Election Commission v. Wisconsin Right to Life will decide whether groups may use corporate money to sponsor broadcast ads just before an election -- which is now prohibited by the McCain-Feingold Act.
A third case, Hein v. Freedom from Religion, tests whether citizens may to go court to challenge Bush's "Faith-Based Initiative."
Roberts and the other conservatives have suggested that these claims should be thrown out without a hearing because the taxpayers do not have standing to sue. A ruling along those lines could make it harder for advocates of church-state separation to go to court.
On the business front, the court will decide whether to scrap a nearly 100-year-old rule that forbids manufacturers from fixing retail prices for their products. A Los Angeles maker of women's handbags is fighting this rule in Leegin Creative Leather Products v. PSKS, and a win could reshape parts of the retail industry.
High schools and free speech: Do students have a right to hold up signs at school-sponsored events that carry messages that offend the principal? A case from Alaska involves a student and his banner promoting "Bong Hits 4 Jesus," but a ruling could broadly rewrite the free-speech rules in schools across the country (Morse v. Frederick).
Car searches: Is a passenger legally "seized" when police pull over the driver? No, said the California Supreme Court. The ruling in favor of the passenger from Northern California could be important if passengers are charged with a crime and want to challenge the stop as illegal (Brendlin v. California).
School recruiting: Do coaches have a free-speech right to contact student-athletes, or do state athletic associations have the authority to penalize high school teams for recruiting (Tennessee Secondary Schools v. Brentwood Academy)?
Union fees: Does a teachers' union have a right to use dues for political purposes unless a teacher objects (Washington v. Washington Education Association)?
Home-care workers: Are the tens of thousands of employees who provide "companionship services" in the homes of the elderly and infirm entitled to minimum wages and overtime pay (Long Island Care at Home v. Coke)?
Credit reports: When must insurers notify consumers they were charged higher rates because of a poor crediting rating (Safeco v. Burr)?
Investor suits: How much evidence of fraud is needed before investors can sue a company for their stock losses? Wall Street and the Bush administration want to make it harder for these suits to go forward (Tellabs v. Makor).
Initial public offerings: Can 10 of the largest investments banks be sued under the antitrust laws for allegedly rigging the price of stock offerings during the boom of the late 1990s (Credit Suisse v. Billing)?
Question: : I am an anxious person and find that I don't handle stressful situations very well. My doctor prescribed Lexapro, but it made me very nauseated. I woke up in a deep sweat with my heart racing.
Answer: : Lexapro can cause nausea, sweating and palpitations. Drowsiness, headache and sexual difficulties also have been reported.
Physicians used to rely on a category of medications called benzodiazepines, which includes drugs like Ativan (lorazepam), Valium (diazepam) and Xanax (alprazolam). These medications can help reduce anxiety, but they also can be habit-forming.
Cognitive behavioral therapy is one approach that does not require medications. Herbs such as valerian and passionflower have sometimes been used to help control nervousness.
Question: : I took bioidentical hormone replacement therapy (BHRT) to handle my horrible hot flashes. After taking it for three months, I started having pains in my breasts. A mammogram did not show any problems, but the recommendation was made that I stop taking the compounded HRT. The pain went away when I did so.
I did feel better while on BHRT. My doctor told me, though, that even compounded bioidentical HRT still counts as hormone treatment.
Answer: :: For more than 50 years, physicians prescribed hormone replacement therapy for menopausal symptoms with the expectation that it would protect the cardiovascular system and the bones. The Women's Health Initiative in 2002 revealed that HRT could increase the risk for heart attacks, strokes and breast cancer.
Bioidentical hormone therapy has not been subjected to the same scrutiny as the WHI, so its long-term safety is still a question. Data from the WHI show that women who experienced breast pain or tenderness while taking HRT were at substantially higher risk for invasive breast cancer (Archives of Internal Medicine, Oct. 12, 2009).
Question: : When I read your column about gin-soaked raisins, I recalled a similar remedy I used several years ago. The man who told me about using gin-soaked raisins for tendinitis also said that, according to his own doctor, apple-cider vinegar worked just as well as gin. I think people who are not drinkers would like this alternative.
The recipe I used very successfully to treat my tendinitis was golden raisins soaked in a combination of 2 parts apple-cider vinegar and 1 part honey. Cover and soak for three days, and take about 10 raisins a day. The tendinitis gradually disappeared.
In their column, Joe and Teresa Graedon answer letters from readers. Write to them in care of this newspaper or e-mail them via their Web site, PeoplesPharmacy.com.
Open houses are not marked by acrimony, but opponents are on hand to drum up support for legal action.
At the first of two open houses designed to help dock owners navigate Newport Beach's new residential pier permitting process last week, a handful of residents sat scattered throughout the old City Council Chambers — not a huge turnout compared to the hundreds that showed up for hearings on the same subject just a few months ago.
And while the tone of the Feb. 14 discussion wasn't exactly chipper, largely absent was the bitter anger that characterized the fight between Newport Beach harbor stakeholders and the City Council over fee increases for the use of public tidelands.
Absent, that is, until Stop the Dock Tax Chairman Bob McCaffrey stood up to announce a lawsuit aimed at halting the increases on residential piers, which are set to be phased in through 2017.
The lawsuit, which was filed last week in Orange County Superior Court, alleges that the council violated the state's open-meetings law, the Ralph M. Brown Act, by acting on suggestions developed by an "ad hoc committee on updating harbor charges," which rose to the level of a standing committee.
That three-person committee, the suit argues, continued meeting long after its March 2011 expiration date without prior public notice and changed the committee's membership without telling residents — all in violation of the Brown Act.
"Subsequent to the creation of this committee, the city has tripled mooring fees [and] voted to increase rents for harbor users operating businesses on public tidelands, and the committee recommended that the city charge the private dock owners a tax for their private dock," a court document says. "However, the committee has never published an agenda, meeting date or minutes for those meetings."
The Brown Act requires that most meetings of elected officials be announced in advance and be open to the public.
Assistant City Attorney Michael Torres said Tuesday that while he hadn't had the opportunity to review the complaint in detail, generally the city stood by the position it took in the face of letters warning of the lawsuit: "We didn't violate the Brown Act."
In a Feb. 8 response to a January letter from attorney and state Republican Party Vice Chairman Steve Baric, City Attorney Aaron Harp wrote that the committee was actually an "informal working group" that did not include a council quorum.
Curtis Currin, a 24-year-old systems engineer from Redwood City, was working on a church steeple at St. Joseph's Seminary in Los Altos when the earthquake struck.
The steeple collapsed and he fell with it, suffering traumatic injuries when the structure crushed him. He died about an hour later.
Our chaotic lifestyles often leave us without the time or energy to analyze if we are feeding our bodies the essential vitamins and minerals. This can lead to depleted energy levels, poor metabolism, and compromised immunity defenses.
Although we may try to eat a balanced diet, there are often specific deficiencies our daily alimentation can't satisfy. Vitamin supplements can help fill these "nutrition gaps", but consumers beware: there is no one size-fits-all solution.
Without proper dosage and tailored regimen, improperly absorbed vitamins are rendered ineffective. Because each person is different, it's essential to identify your body's individual needs.
To help with this, we at Biogenique have prepared a simple quiz you can take that will help you identify where your nutritional gaps may be, and what product could be of benefit to you.
* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
The Room is a 2003 independent American romantic drama film written, directed, produced by and starring Tommy Wiseau, and co-starring Greg Sestero and Vintage Women Dress Party Slim Spring Dress Printed S Half Vestidos Sleeve w4g74q. The film centers on a melodramatic love triangle between amiable banker Johnny (Wiseau), his deceptive fiancée Lisa (Danielle) and his conflicted best friend Mark (Sestero). A significant portion of the film is dedicated to a series of unrelated subplots, most of which involve at least one supporting character and are left unresolved due to the film's inconsistent narrative structure. According to Wiseau, the title alludes to the potential of a room to be the site of both good and bad events;[4] the stage play from which the screenplay is derived takes place in a single room.[5]
A number of publications have labeled The Room one of the worst films ever made. An assistant professor of film studies was the first to describe The Room as "the Citizen Kane of bad movies".[3] Originally shown only in a limited number of California theaters, The Room quickly became a cult film due to its bizarre and unconventional storytelling, technical and narrative flaws, and Wiseau's off-kilter performance. Although Wiseau has retrospectively described the film as a black comedy, audiences have generally viewed it as a poorly made drama, an opinion shared by some of the cast.
The Disaster Artist, Sestero's memoir of the making of The Room, was co-written with Tom Bissell and published in 2013. A film of the same name based on the book, directed by and starring James Franco, was released on December 1, 2017; the book and film received widespread acclaim and numerous award nominations. The Room also inspired an unofficial video game adaptation, The Room Tribute, released on Newgrounds in 2010.
Johnny is a successful banker who lives in a San Francisco townhouse with his future wife Lisa, who has become dissatisfied with their relationship. She seduces his best friend, Mark, and the two begin a secret affair. Meanwhile, Johnny, having overheard Lisa confess her infidelity to her mother, Claudette, attaches a tape recorder to their phone in an attempt to identify her lover.
Denny, a neighboring college student Johnny financially and emotionally supports, has a run-in with an armed drug dealer, Chris-R. Johnny and Mark overpower Chris-R and detain him. Denny also lusts after Lisa, and confesses this to Johnny, who understands and encourages him to instead pursue one of his classmates from school. Johnny spirals into a mental haze and calls upon Peter, his and Mark's friend and a psychologist, for help. Mark also confides in Peter that he feels guilty about the affair between them. Peter questions Mark if the affair is with Lisa, causing Mark to attack and nearly kill him, but they reconcile a few seconds later.
At a surprise birthday party for Johnny, one of his friends catches Lisa kissing Mark while the other guests are outside and confronts them about the affair. Johnny announces that he and Lisa are expecting a child, although Lisa later reveals she lied about it in order to cover up the truth about the affair. At the end of the evening, Lisa flaunts her affair in front of Johnny, who physically and mentally attacks Mark.
After the party, Johnny locks himself in the bathroom in despair. When he leaves, he retrieves the cassette recorder that he attached to the phone and listens to an intimate call between Lisa and Mark. Outraged, Johnny berates Lisa for betraying him, prompting her to end their relationship permanently and live with Mark. Johnny then has an emotional breakdown, angrily destroying his apartment and committing suicide via gunshot through the mouth. Hearing the commotion, Denny, Mark, and Lisa rush up the stairs to find his dead body. Mark blames Lisa for Johnny's death, admonishes her for her deceitful behavior, and tells her to get out of his life. Denny tells Lisa and Mark to leave him with Johnny, and they step back to give him a moment, but ultimately they all stay and comfort each other as the police arrive.
Greg Sestero, who portrayed Mark in The Room and served as its line producer, wrote The Disaster Artist based on his experiences working on the film.
Tommy Wiseau as Johnny, a successful banker who is engaged to Lisa and whom Denny sees as a father figure.
Vintage Women Dress Party Slim Spring Dress Printed S Half Vestidos Sleeve w4g74q as Lisa, Johnny's future wife, who engages in an affair with Mark. She is looked up by Denny as a mother figure.
Philip Haldiman as Denny, a young college student and next-door neighbor whom Johnny treats like a son.
Tommy Wiseau originally wrote The Room as a play in 2001.[3][6] He then adapted the play into a 500-page book, which he was unable to get published.[7] Frustrated, Wiseau decided to adapt the work into a film, producing it himself to maintain creative control.[7][8]
Wiseau has been secretive about how he obtained funding for the project, but told Entertainment Weekly that he made some of the money by importing leather jackets from Korea.[3] According to The Disaster Artist (Greg Sestero's book based on the making of The Room), Wiseau was already independently wealthy at the time production began. Over several years, he had amassed a fortune through entrepreneurship and real estate development in Los Angeles and San Francisco.[9] Wiseau spent the entire US$6,000,000 (equivalent to about $8,000,000 in 2017) budget for The Room on production and marketing.[3] Wiseau stated that the film was relatively expensive because many members of the cast and crew had to be replaced.[10] According to Sestero, Wiseau made numerous poor decisions during filming that unnecessarily inflated the film's budget—Wiseau built sets for sequences that could have been filmed on location, purchased unnecessary equipment, and filmed scenes multiple times using different sets.[11] Wiseau also forgot his lines and place on camera, resulting in minutes-long dialogue sequences taking hours or days to shoot. Wiseau's actions further caused the film's cost to skyrocket, according to Sestero.[12]
According to Sestero and Greg Ellery, Wiseau rented a studio at the Birns and Sawyer film lot and bought a "complete Beginning Director package", which included two film and HD cameras.[13] Wiseau was confused about the differences between 35 mm film and high-definition video. He wanted to be the first director to film an entire movie simultaneously in two formats. He achieved this by using a custom-built apparatus that housed both cameras side-by-side and required two crews to operate.[14][7] Only the 35 mm footage was used in the final edit.[15]
Wiseau hired actors from thousands of head shots,[6] and most of the cast had never been in a full-length film. Sestero had limited film experience and only agreed to work as part of the production crew because he had known Wiseau for some time before production began. Sestero then agreed to play the Mark character after Wiseau fired the original actor on the first day of filming. He was uncomfortable filming his sex scenes and was allowed to keep his jeans on while shooting them.Sisjuly Cross Black Sleeve Long Day Dress Shoulder Women's RvZBqv
According to Greg Ellery, Juliette Danielle had "just gotten off the bus from Texas" when shooting began, and "the cast watched in horror" as Wiseau jumped on Danielle, immediately beginning to film their "love scene".[13] Sestero disputed this, stating that the sex scenes were among the last filmed.[17] Wiseau said that Danielle was originally one of three or four understudies for the Lisa character, and was selected after the original actress left the production.[10] According to Sestero, the original actress was "Latina" and came from an unidentified South American country; per Danielle, the actress was closer to Wiseau's age with a "random" accent.[18] Danielle stated that she had been cast as Michelle, but was given the Lisa role when the original actress was dismissed because her "personality...didn't seem to fit" the character.[19] Danielle corroborates that multiple actors were dismissed from the production prior to filming, including another actress hired to play Michelle.[19]
Even though Kyle Vogt (who played Peter) told the production team that he only had a limited amount of time for the project, not all of his scenes were filmed by the time his schedule ran out. Despite the fact that Peter was to play a pivotal role in the climax, Vogt left the production; his lines in the last half of the film were given to Ellery, whose character is never introduced, explained, or addressed by name.Sisjuly Cross Black Sleeve Long Day Dress Shoulder Women's RvZBqv[13][20]
The original script was significantly longer than the one used and featured a series of lengthy monologues; it was edited on-set by the cast and script supervisor, who found much of the dialogue incomprehensible. An anonymous cast member told Entertainment Weekly that the script contained "stuff that was just unsayable. I know it's hard to imagine there was stuff that was worse. But there was."[3][21] Sestero mentions that Wiseau was adamant characters say their lines as written, but that several cast members slipped in ad libs that made the final cut.Sisjuly Cross Black Sleeve Long Day Dress Shoulder Women's RvZBqv
Much of the dialogue is repetitive, especially Johnny's. His speech contains several catchphrases: he begins almost every conversation with "Oh, hi!" or "Oh, hi (name of character)!". To dismissively end conversations, many characters use the phrase "Don't worry about it", and almost every male character discusses Lisa's physical attractiveness (including an unnamed character whose only line is "Lisa looks hot tonight"). Lisa often stops discussions about Johnny by saying "I don't want to talk about it". Despite the significant amount of dialogue regarding Johnny and Lisa's forthcoming wedding, characters only use the words "future husband" or "future wife" rather than "fiancé" or "fiancée".[22]
In The Disaster Artist, Sestero recalls that Wiseau planned a subplot in which Johnny was revealed to be a vampire because of Wiseau's fascination with the creatures.[23] Sestero recounts how Wiseau tasked the crew with devising a way for Johnny's Mercedes-Benz to fly across the San Francisco skyline, revealing Johnny's vampiric nature.[24]
Principal photography lasted six months. It was mainly shot on a Los Angeles soundstage, with some second unit shooting in San Francisco, California. The many rooftop sequences were shot on the soundstage, and exteriors of San Francisco greenscreened in.[3] A behind-the-scenes feature shows that some of the roof scenes were shot in August 2002. The film employed over 400 people, and Wiseau is credited as an actor, writer, producer, director, and executive producer. Other executive producer credits include Chloe Lietzke and Drew Caffrey. Lietzke had no involvement in the film and Caffrey had died years prior to filming, according to Sestero.[25] Wiseau had several problems with his behind-the-camera team, and claims to have replaced the entire crew four times.[3][26] Some people had multiple jobs on the film: Sestero played the role of Mark, worked as a line producer, helped with casting, and assisted Wiseau.[20] Wiseau frequently forgot his lines or missed cues, and required numerous retakes and direction from the script supervisor; much of his dialogue had to be dubbed in post production.[27]
The score was written by Mladen Milicevic, a music professor at Loyola Marymount University. Milicevic later provided the score for Wiseau's 2004 documentary Homeless in America and Room Full of Spoons, a 2016 documentary on The Room.[28][29]
The soundtrack features four R&B slow jams which play during four of the film's five love scenes; Michelle and Mike's oral sex scene uses only instrumental music. The songs are "I Will" by Jarah Gibson, "Crazy" by Clint Gamboa, "Baby You and Me" by Gamboa with Bell Johnson, and "You're My Rose" by Kitra Williams & Reflection. "You're My Rose" is also reprised during the end credits. The soundtrack was released by Wiseau's TPW Records in 2003.[30]
In a February 11, 2011 Entertainment WeeklyMiss Chase Neck 4 Solid 3 Dresses Mini Sleeves Women's Shift V Black ff7dAxrq article, veteran script supervisor Sandy Schklair announced that he desired credit for directing The Room. Schklair told EW that Wiseau became too engrossed with his acting duties to direct the film properly and asked him to "tell the actors what to do, and yell 'Action' and 'Cut' and tell the cameraman what shots to get." The script supervisor also said that Wiseau asked Schklair to "direct [his] movie", but refused to give up the "director" title. The story is corroborated by one of the film's actors (who requested anonymity) and also Sestero in The Disaster Artist. Sestero describes Schklair taking charge of numerous sequences in which Wiseau found himself unable to remember lines or adequately interact with the rest of the cast, but jokes that claiming directorial credit was like "claiming to have been the Hindenburg's principal aeronautics engineer."[31] Wiseau has dismissed Schklair's comments, saying, "Well, this is so laughable that...you know what? I don't know, probably only in America it can happen, this kind of stuff."[8]
The basic premise of The Room draws on specific incidents from Wiseau's own life, including the details of how Johnny came to San Francisco and met Lisa, and the nature of Johnny and Mark's friendship.[32][33] According to Greg Sestero, the character of Lisa is based on a woman to whom Wiseau once proposed with a US$1,500 diamond engagement ring, but who "betrays him multiple times", resulting in the breakup of their relationship.[34]
Sestero further postulates that Wiseau based Lisa's explicit conniving on the character Tom Ripley, after Wiseau had a profound emotional reaction to the film The Talented Mr. Ripley, and matches elements of its three main characters to those in The Room; Sestero has likewise indicated that the character Mark was named for the Ripley actor Matt Damon, whose first name Wiseau had misheard.[35] Wiseau also drew on the chamber plays of Tennessee Williams, whose highly emotional scenes he enjoyed acting out in drama school – many advertising materials for The Room make explicit parallels to Williams's work.[3][36]
In his direction and performance, Wiseau attempted to emulate Orson Welles, Clint Eastwood, Marlon Brando and James Dean, especially Dean's performance in the film Giant,[37][38] and went so far as to directly use quotes from their films – the famous line "You are tearing me apart, Lisa!" is derived from a similar line performed by Dean in Rebel Without a Cause.[39]
The script is characterized by numerous inexplicable mood and personality shifts in characters. In analyzing the film's abrupt tone shifts, Greg Sestero highlighted two scenes in particular. In the first scene, Johnny enters the rooftop in the middle of a tirade about being accused of domestic abuse, only to become abruptly cheerful upon seeing Mark; a few moments later, he laughs inappropriately upon learning that a friend of Mark's had been severely beaten. On set, Sestero and script supervisor Sandy Schklair repeatedly tried to convince Wiseau that the line should not be delivered as comical, but Wiseau refused to refrain from laughing.[40] In the second instance, occurring later in the film, Mark attempts to kill Peter by throwing him off a roof after Peter expresses his belief that Mark is having an affair with Lisa; seconds later however, Mark pulls Peter back from the edge of the roof, apologizes, and the two continue their previous conversation with no acknowledgement of what just occurred.[41]
In addition to being rife with continuity errors, the film has several plots, subplots and character details whose inconsistencies have been commented on by critics and audiences.[42] The Portland Mercury has stated that a number of "plot threads are introduced, then instantly abandoned."[7] In an early scene, halfway through a conversation about planning a birthday party for Johnny, Claudette off-handedly tells Lisa: "I got the results of the test back. I definitely have breast cancer."[10] The issue is casually dismissed and never revisited during the rest of the film.[7][10] Similarly, the audience never learns the details surrounding Denny's drug-related debt to Chris-R, or what led to their violent confrontation on the roof.[7][43]
Beyond being Johnny's friend, Mark's background receives no exposition; when he is first introduced he claims to be "very busy" while sitting in a parked car in the middle of the day, with no explanation ever given as to his occupation or what he was doing. In The Disaster Artist, Sestero states that he created a backstory for the character in which Mark was an undercover vice detective, which Sestero felt united several otherwise disparate aspects of Mark's character, including the secretive nature of various aspects of his behavior – including marijuana use – his mood swings, and his handling of the Chris-R incident. Wiseau dismissed adding any reference to Mark's past to the script.[44] The makers of The Room video game would later introduce a similar idea as part of a subplot involving Mark's unexplained backstory, much to Sestero's amusement.[45]
At one point, the principal male characters congregate in an alley behind Johnny's apartment to play catch with a football while wearing tuxedos. When Mark arrives, he is revealed to have shaved his beard, and the camera slowly zooms in on his face while dramatic music plays on the soundtrack. Nothing that is said or occurs during the scene has any effect on the plot; the scene ends abruptly when the men decide to return to Johnny's apartment after Peter trips. Wiseau received enough questions about the scene that he decided to address it on a Q&A segment featured on the DVD release; rather than explaining the scene, though, Wiseau only states that playing football without the proper protective equipment is fun and challenging.[4] Greg Sestero has been questioned about the significance of Mark's shaving, though his only response for several years was "if people only knew."Sisjuly Cross Black Sleeve Long Day Dress Shoulder Women's RvZBqv Sestero describes in The Disaster Artist that Wiseau insisted he shave his beard on-set just so that Wiseau would have an excuse for Johnny to call Mark "Babyface," Wiseau's own nickname for Sestero, and that the revealing of beardless Mark would be "a moment". Sestero further detailed how the football-in-tuxedos scene was concocted on set by Wiseau, who never explained the significance of the scene to the cast or crew and insisted that the sequence be filmed at the expense of other, relevant scenes.[46]
The film was promoted almost exclusively through a single billboard in Hollywood, located on Highland Avenue just north of Fountain, featuring an image Wiseau refers to as "Evil Man": an extreme close-up of his own face with one eye in mid-blink.[10][6] Although more conventional artwork was created for the film, featuring the main characters' faces emblazoned over the Golden Gate Bridge, Wiseau chose the "Evil Man" for what he regarded as its provocative quality; around the time of the film's release, the image led many passers-by to believe that The Room was a horror film.[10] Wiseau also paid for a small television and print campaign in and around Los Angeles, with taglines calling The Room "a film with the passion of Tennessee Williams".[3] Wiseau hired publicist Edward Lozzi in his efforts to promote the film after Paramount Studios rejected distributing it.[36]
Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid to keep the billboard up for over five years, at the cost of US$5,000 a month.[47][48] Its bizarre imagery and longevity led to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.[3][49] When asked how he managed to afford to keep the billboard up for so long in such a prominent location, Wiseau responded: "Well, we like the location, and we like the billboard. So we feel that people should see The Room. [...] we are selling DVDs, which are selling okay."[6]
The Room premiered on June 27, 2003 at the Laemmle Fairfax and Fallbrook theaters in Los Angeles. Wiseau additionally arranged a screening for the cast and the press at one of the venues, renting a spotlight to sit in front of the theater and arriving in a limousine.[3] Ticket buyers were given a free copy of the film's soundtrack on CD. Actress Robyn Paris described the audience laughing at the film, and Variety reporter Scott Foundas, who was also in attendance, would later write that the film prompted "most of its viewers to ask for their money back — before even 30 minutes [had] passed."[3] IFC.com described Wiseau's speaking voice in the film as "Borat trying to do an impression of Christopher Walken playing a mental patient."[50] The Guardian described the film as a mix of "Tennessee Williams, Ed Wood, R. Kelly's Trapped in the Closet".[51]
The Room has received negative reviews for its acting, screenplay, dialogue, production values, score, direction, and cinematography. The film is described as one of the worst films ever made by several publications.[52][53] On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 26% based on 27 reviews, with an average rating of 2.9/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "A bona-fide classic of midnight cinema, Tommy Wiseau's misguided masterpiece subverts the rules of filmmaking with a boundless enthusiasm that renders such mundanities as acting, screenwriting, and cinematography utterly irrelevant. You will never see a football the same way again."[54] On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating to reviews, the film has a weighted average score of 9 out of 100, based on 5 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike".[55] Despite the criticism, the film has received an ironic positive reception from audiences for its perceived shortcomings, with some viewers calling it the "best worst movie ever".[56]
In 2013, The Atlantic's Adam Rosen wrote an article entitled "Should Gloriously Terrible Movies Like The Room Be Considered 'Outsider Art'?" where he made the argument "The label [of outsider art] has traditionally applied to painters and sculptors... but it's hard to see why it couldn't also refer to Wiseau or any other thwarted, un-self-aware filmmaker."[57]
In a 2017 interview for a Vox video, The Disaster Artist co-writer Tom Bissell explained his views on The Room's popularity, as well as his personal enjoyment of the film, by noting that:[58]
It is like a movie made by an alien who has never seen a movie, but has had movies thoroughly explained to him. There's not often that a work of film has every creative decision that's made in it on a moment-by-moment basis seemingly be the wrong one. [...] The Room, to me, shatters the distinction between good and bad. Do I think it's a good movie? No. Do I think it's a strong movie that moves me on the level that art usually moves me? Absolutely not. But I can't say it's bad because it's so watchable. It's so fun. It's brought me so much joy. How can something that's bad do those things for me?
Wiseau and Sestero taking questions from audience members before a showing of Full 3 Pack Chikan Palazzo Printed Pack and IndiWeaves 1 Combo 2 Palazo Womens Work of Pallazo The Room.
The Room played in the Laemmle Fairfax and Fallbrook for the next two weeks, grossing a total of US$1,800 (equivalent to $2,395 in 2017) before it was pulled from circulation.[3][59] Toward the end of its run, the Laemmle Fallbrook theatre displayed two signs on the inside of the ticket window in relation to the film: one that read "NO REFUNDS" and another citing a blurb from an early review: "This film is like being stabbed in the head."[60] During one showing in the second week of its run, one of the few audience members in attendance was 5-Second Films' Michael Rousselet, who found unintentional humor in the film's poor dialogue and production values. After treating the screening as his "own private Mystery Science Theater", Rousselet began encouraging friends to join him for future showings to mock the film, starting a word-of-mouth campaign that resulted in about 100 attending the film's final screening. Rousselet and his friends saw the film "four times in three days," and it was in these initial screenings that many of The Room traditions were born, such as the throwing of spoons and footballs during the film.[3]
After the film was pulled from theaters, those who had attended the final showing began e-mailing Wiseau telling him how much they had enjoyed the film. Encouraged by the volume of messages he received, Wiseau booked a single midnight screening of The Room in June 2004, which proved successful enough that Wiseau booked a second showing in July, and a third in August. These screenings proved to be even more successful, and were followed by monthly screenings on the last Saturday of the month, which began selling out and continued up until the theatre was sold in 2012.[61] Tommy frequently made appearances at these screenings, and often engaged with fans afterwards. On the 5 year anniversary of the film's premiere, it sold out every screen at the Sunset 5 and both Tommy Wiseau and Greg Sestero did Q&A's afterwards.[62] The film was featured on the 2008 Range Life tour, and expanded to midnight screenings in several other cities soon after.[63] Celebrity fans of the film included Paul Rudd, David Cross, Will Arnett, Patton Oswalt, Tim Heidecker, Eric Wareheim, Seth Rogen, and James and Dave Franco. Kristen Bell acquired a film reel and hosted private viewing parties;[64] Veronica Mars creator Rob Thomas would also slip references into episodes of Mars "as much as possible".[3] The film eventually developed a national and international cult status, with Wiseau arranging screenings around the United States and in Canada, Scandinavia, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.[2]
The film had regular showings in many theaters worldwide, with many as a monthly event.[65] Fans interact with the film in a similar fashion to The Rocky Horror Picture Show; audience members dress up as their favorite characters, throw plastic spoons in reference to an unexplained framed photo of a spoon on a table in Johnny's living room, toss footballs to each other from short distances, and yell insulting comments about the quality of the film as well as lines from the film itself.[52][3][66][67] Wiseau has claimed that it was his intent for audiences to find humor in the film, although viewers and some of the cast members generally have viewed it as a poorly-made drama.[68][69]
The DVD's special features include an interview with Wiseau, who is asked questions by an off-screen Greg Sestero. Wiseau sits directly in front of a fireplace, with a mantle cluttered by various props from the film;[50] next to him sits a large framed theatrical poster for the film. A few of Wiseau's answers are dubbed in, although it is evident that the dubbed responses match what he was originally saying. Wiseau fails to answer several of the questions, instead offering non sequiturs.[72]
Among the outtakes included on the Blu-ray is an alternate version of the Chris-R scene, set in a back alley; instead of tossing a football, Denny is playing basketball and attempts to get the drug dealer to "shoot some H-O-R-S-E" with him to distract him from the debt. Another bonus feature on the Blu-ray is a more than half-hour long fly-on-the-wall style documentary about the making of The Room. The documentary includes no narration, very little dialogue, and only one interview (with cast member Carolyn Minnott), and consists largely of clips of the crew preparing to shoot.[72]
Wiseau announced plans in April 2011 for a 3D version of The Room, scanned from the 35mm negative.[8]
In June 2011, it was announced that Sestero had signed a deal with Simon & Schuster to write a book based on his experiences making the film. The book, titled The Disaster Artist, was published in October 2013.[73]
A film adaptation of The Disaster Artist was announced in February 2014, produced by Seth Rogen and directed by James Franco.[74] Franco has stated The Disaster Artist was "a combination of Boogie Nights and The Master".[74] The film stars Franco as Wiseau and his brother Dave Franco as Sestero, with the script written by The Fault in Our Stars screenwriters Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber. On October 15, 2015, it was announced Rogen would co-star (playing Sandy Schklair), and cinematographer Brandon Trost served as the DP.[75] On October 29, 2015, it was announced that Warner Bros. and New Line Cinema would distribute The Disaster Artist. Filming began December 7, 2015.[76] A work-in-progress version was screened at South by Southwest in March 2017, with the wide release beginning on December 8, 2017.[77]
In September 2010, Newgrounds owner Tom Fulp released a Flash game tribute, in the form of a 16-bit styled adventure game played entirely from Johnny's point of view. The game's artwork was provided by staff member Jeff "JohnnyUtah" Bandelin, with music transcribed by animator Chris O'Neill from the Mladen Milicevic score and soundtrack.[78]
On June 10, 2010, the AFI Silver Theatre and Cultural Center presented a live play/reading based on the film's original script. Wiseau reprised his role of Johnny and was joined by Sestero playing the role of Mark.Women Jagging For Collection Newfashion Lycra Hardy's Denim 8wxFY4gnFq
In 2011, Wiseau mentioned plans for a Broadway adaptation of the film,Stylish Eldino fit Women's Palazzo Ruffle Ragular vPqvf6WFwY in which he would appear only on opening night: "It will be similar to what you see in the movie, except it will be musical. As well as, you will see... like, for example, Johnny, we could have maybe 10 Johnnys at the same time singing, or playing football. So, the decision have to be made at the time when we actually doing choreography, 'cause I'll be doing choreography, as well I'll be in it only one time, that's it, as Johnny."[8] He mentioned the plans again during a 2016 interview, describing his idea for it to be a "musical slash comedy."[81]
On October 21, 2014, cast member Robyn Paris launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise the budget for her comedy mockumentary web series, The Room Actors: Where Are They Now? A Mockumentary. On completion, the campaign had raised US$31,556 (equivalent to $32,621 in 2017) from 385 backers.[82] Although a number of the original cast appeared in the series, Wiseau, Sestero and Holmes are not involved.Trousers Women for Casual Shararat Ethnic Fashionable Girls Bottom Narrow Ladies Nights Silk Cotton q8wPHf The series premiered at the 24th Raindance Film Festival on September 30, 2016,[84][85] and debuted on the website Funny or Die on November 30, 2017.[86]
A satirical fan-made musical called OH HAI!: The Rise of Chris-R, written by Tony Orozco and Peter Von Sholly, was released on Soundcloud on July 27, 2017. The work builds on the backstory of the film, particularly the character of Denny and his relationship with Chris-R.[87]
The comedy show Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! on Adult Swim featured Wiseau prominently in the fourth season March 9, 2009 episode titled Tommy.[88] Recruited as a "guest director", Wiseau is interviewed in mockumentary style, along with the show's leading actors, during the production of a fake film titled The Pig Man. Two scenes from The Room are featured during the episode. Adult Swim broadcast the movie three times from 2009 to 2011 as part of their April Fools' Day programming. In 2012, they showed the first 20 seconds of it before switching to Toonami for the remainder of the night.[89]
On June 18, 2009, a RiffTrax for The Room was released, featuring commentary by Michael J. Nelson, Bill Corbett and Kevin Murphy, formerly of Mystery Science Theater 3000.[90] This was followed up with a live theater show by RiffTrax on May 6, 2015,[91] which was shown in 700 theaters across the U.S. and Canada. The show screened once more on January 28, 2016 as part of the Best of RiffTrax Live series.[92]
On his 2009 DVD My Weakness Is Strong, comedian Patton Oswalt parodied The Room with a fake infomercial. The spoof also features a cameo from Jon Hamm.[93]
In 2010, the film was mocked on the Internet comedy series Nostalgia Critic, which highlighted the film's bad acting and writing, but encouraged viewers to see the movie: "It truly is one of those films you have to see to believe."[94] The episode was taken down following claims of copyright infringement from Wiseau-Films. It was replaced by a short video titled "The Tommy Wi-Show", in which host Doug Walker, dressed as Wiseau, mocked the threatened legal actions. The main review was later reinstated.[95] Both Greg Sestero and Juliette Danielle have praised the review, and Sestero later made a cameo appearance on The Nostalgia Critic episode "Dawn of the Commercials", reprising his role of Mark.[95] Both Wiseau and Sestero appeared in separate episodes on Walker's talk show, Shut Up and Talk.[96][26]
In 2011, Greg DeLiso and Peter Litvin directed and produced a video titled "The Room Rap", telling the story of The Room's production while mocking the green screen work and sub-par acting found in the movie.[97] The video was listed in the Acknowledgements of Greg Sestero's 2014 book The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside The Room, the Greatest Bad Movie Ever Made.
In 2015, Sestero starred in the 5-Second Films feature Dude Bro Party Massacre III, directed by Michael Rousselet, the patient zero of The Room cult movement.[56][99]
The Sunday, July 5, 2015, installment of Amy Dickinson's advice column Ask Amy unwittingly featured a hoax letter that derived its situational premise from The Room and, even after being edited for publication, retained phrases from the film's dialogue;[100] Dickinson addressed the hoax in the following Saturday's July 11 edition of the National Public Radio comedy and quiz show Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!, where she appears as a regular panelist,[101] and in her July 20, 2015 column.[102][103]
Episode 1400[104] of the online comic xkcd, which appeared 28 July 2014, presented a satirical equivalence between Wiseau and still-unidentified hijacker D. B. Cooper, with comparisons between the money, age, speaking style, and background of the two.
^ Foundas, Scott (July 17, 2003). "Review: 'The Room'". Variety. Archived from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ a b c Jones, Nate (June 27, 2013). "How The Room Became the Biggest Cult Film of the Past Decade". VultureGeorgette Women Hardy's for Plazzo Fashion New Collection CntSztqY. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q Collis, Clark (December 12, 2008). "The Crazy Cult of 'The Room'". Entertainment Weekly. Archived from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ a b c d Shatkin, Elina (April 27, 2007). "LAist Interviews Tommy Wiseau, The Face Behind The Billboard". LAist. Archived from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ a b c d Sloan, Will (April 27, 2011). "The Varsity Interview: Tommy Wiseau". The Varsity. Shirt Bell Sleeves With Rayon Mustard A0vBW5T from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ a b c d e f Heisler, Steve (June 24, 2009). "Tommy Wiseau". The A.V. Club. Archived from the original on November 1, 2017. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ a b c Lastowka, Conor (June 12, 2009). "RiffTrax Interview with The Room's Greg Ellery". RiffTrax. Archived from the original on June 17, 2009. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ a b c d Weisberg, Sam (July 20, 2011). "An Interview with The Room's Main Actor, Greg Sestero". Screen Comment. Shirt Bell Sleeves With Rayon Mustard A0vBW5T from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ a b Ryan, Ryan. "Interview with Printed Work Full Combo Palazzo of and Chikan 1 Pack 2 Pack Palazo Womens 3 Pallazo IndiWeaves The Room's Juliette Danielle". Praxis Magazine. Archived from the original on April 11, 2017. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ a b Heisler, Steve (February 23, 2010). "The Room's Greg Sestero, Best Friend Extraordinaire". The A.V. Club. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ Jones, Nate (November 17, 2015). "The Original Script for The Room Was Even Weirder, If You Can Believe It". Vulture. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on July 20, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017.
^ Klion, David (May 19, 2014). "Full Transcript of "The Room"". Medium. Archived from the original on July 20, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017.
^ Bacher, Danielle (October 4, 2013). "Remembering 'The Room'". Rolling Stone. Archived from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ a b Walker, Doug (April 30, 2015). "Shut Up and Talk: Tommy Wiseau". Halter Neck Divva Dress Maxi Sleeveless Trendy w68Yn5xPP. YouTube. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Litowitz, Drew (November 1, 2013). "Meet Mladen Milicevic, the College Professor Who Composed the Music for "The Room"". 2 IndiWeaves Work Pack of 1 Printed 3 Full Chikan Womens Pack and Palazo Palazzo Combo Pallazo Noisey. Vice. Archived from the original on July 19, 2017. Retrieved July 19, 2017.
^ "Release "The Room" by Various Artists". Women New Plazzo Fashion Kritika's Georgette for 1qgqOv. April 24, 2009. Archived from the original on July 19, 2017. Retrieved July 19, 2017.
^ Franco, James (May 18, 2016). "James Franco Interviews the Men Behind the "The Worst Film Ever Made"". V magazine. Archived from the original on July 27, 2017. Retrieved July 27, 2017.
^ Xiao, Madelyne (April 7, 2015). "'The Room' director talks new sitcom project, directorial influences". The Stanford Daily. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Jones, Nate (May 26, 2010). "The Room: The Awful Movie Everyone Wants to See". Time. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on June 24, 2017. Retrieved July 27, 2017.
^ Tobias, Scott (March 26, 2009). "The Room". The A.V. Club. Archived from the original on September 13, 2017. Retrieved June 19, 2017.
^ Maloney, Devon (September 4, 2013). "10 Years After The Room, Tommy Wiseau Is Still Hollywood's Biggest Mystery". Wired. Archived from the original on July 27, 2017. Retrieved July 27, 2017.
^ a b Singer, Matt (March 24, 2009). ""Everyone Betray Me!": A Primer on 'The Room'". IFC. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Rose, Steve (September 9, 2009). "Is This the Worst Movie Ever Made?". The Guardian. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ a b Walker, Tim (July 19, 2009). "The Couch Surfer: 'It May Be Sublimely Rubbish, but The Room Makes Audiences Happy'". The Independent. London. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ Collis, Clark (December 30, 2008). "'The Room': Worst movie ever? Don't tell that to its suddenly in-demand star". Entertainment Weekly. Archived from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ "The Room (2003)". Rotten Tomatoes. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ "The Room Reviews". Metacritic. Archived from the original on December 30, 2017. Retrieved December 10, 2017.
^ a b Cassaras, John (January 14, 2011). "A 'Room' with a cult following". CNN. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on August 10, 2017. Retrieved August 10, 2017.
^ Rosen, Adam (October 8, 2013). "Should Gloriously Terrible Movies Like The Room Be Considered 'Outsider Art'?". The Atlantic. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Petersen, Dean (June 14, 2017). "Why people keep watching the worst movie ever made". Vox. YouTube. Archived from the original on November 15, 2017. Retrieved November 1, 2017.
^ "The Worst Movie of All Time?". World’s Strangest. December 27, 2010. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ "Showings". Wiseau-Films. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Bather, Luke (March 16, 2017). "Everything You Need to Know About Cult Film 'The Room' & Disaster Artist Tommy Wiseau". Highsnobiety. Archived from the original on July 27, 2017. Retrieved July 27, 2017.
^ Barton, Steve (December 10, 2009). "Motion Picture Purgatory: The Room". Dread Central. Archived from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ Patel, Nihar (May 5, 2006). "'The Room': A Cult Hit So Bad, It's Good (audio)". National Public Radio. Archived from the original on June 19, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ Paris, Robyn (April 30, 2012). "How 'The Room' Turned Me Into a Cult Movie 'Star'". BackstageCasual Blue Faded Saadgi Denim Shirt Regular Cotton Fit RqdXwq. Archived from the original on December 30, 2017. Retrieved June 16, 2017.
^ Gencarelli, Mike (January 2, 2013). "Blu-ray Review "The Room"". MediaMikes. Archived from the original on November 1, 2017. Retrieved November 1, 2017.
^ "The Room Blu-ray". Blu-ray.com. December 28, 2012. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ a b Bennett, Eric (February 3, 2015). "The Room Blu-ray Review". High-Def Digest. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 18, 2017.
^ Collis, Clark (May 26, 2011). "Greg Sestero memoir The Room". Entertainment Weekly. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ a b "James Franco's Production Company Acquires Book About So-Bad-It's-Good Cult Movie 'The Room'". Deadline Hollywood. February 7, 2014. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Sneider, Jeff (October 12, 2015). "Scott Haze, James Franco Discuss Their New LA Theater, Upcoming Projects (Exclusive)". TheWrap. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Han, Angie (December 7, 2015). "Josh Hutcherson Joins James Franco's 'The Disaster Artist', About the Making of Tommy Wiseau's 'The Room'". /Film. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Busch, Anita (May 15, 2017). "A24 & New Line To Release James Franco's 'The Disaster Artist' In December". Deadline Hollywood. Archived from the original on June 23, 2017. Retrieved June 23, 2017.
^ Ward, Kate (September 6, 2010). "'The Room: The Game': Good thinking!". Entertainment Weekly. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ "The Room: Live announcement". AFI Silver. Archived from the original on May 18, 2010. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Yakas, Ben (July 28, 2016). Fasnoya Torn High Women's Jeans Waist Distressed Cq4RCpw. Gothamist. Archived from the original on November 8, 2016. Retrieved November 1, 2017.
^ Paris, Robyn (November 22, 2014). "The Room Actors: Where Are They Now? A Mockumentary". Kickstarter. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ Robertson, Murray (November 8, 2016). "Interview: The Room actress Robyn Paris – 'I think we all went through the various stages of grief'". The List. Archived from the original on October 30, 2017. Retrieved October 30, 2017.
^ "The Room Actors: Where Are They Now?". Raindance Film Festival. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ "The Room Actors: Where Are They Now?". IMDB. 2017. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ "The Room Actors: Where Are They Now? (robynparis) – Funny Or Die". Funny Or Die. Archived from the original on December 1, 2017.
^ Wagner, Rebecca (December 3, 2014). "10 Things You Didn't Know About Tommy Wiseau, the Man Responsible for "The Room"Wiseau Clashed with Tim & Eric". Complex. Archived from the original on August 11, 2017. Retrieved July 27, 2017.
^ Cobb, Kayla (April 18, 2017). "10 of The Craziest And Most Controversial Things Adult Swim Has Done". Decider. New York Post. Archived from the original on July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 18, 2017.
^ Corbett, Bill; Murphy, Kevin; Nelson, Mike (June 17, 2009). "The Room – RiffTrax". RiffTrax. Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017. Combo Palazo Pack 2 Work 1 Palazzo Pallazo Pack Full 3 Womens and Chikan Printed IndiWeaves of
^ "RiffTrax Live The Room". Fathom Events. Archived from the original on June 21, 2017. Retrieved June 21, 2017.
^ "Best of RiffTrax Live The Room". Fathom Events. Archived from the original on July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 18, 2017.
^ Snierson, Dan (February 11, 2011). "The Battle Over 'The Room'". Entertainment Weekly (1142). Archived from the original on June 20, 2017. Retrieved June 20, 2017.
^ "The Room – Nostalgia Critic". Nostalgia Critic. July 14, 2010. Archived from the original on June 21, 2017. Retrieved June 21, 2017.
^ a b "Nostalgia Critic: Dawn of the Commercials". Nostalgia Critic. November 12, 2013. Archived from the original on June 21, 2017. Retrieved June 21, 2017.
^ Walker, Doug (January 16, 2014). "Shut up and Talk: Greg Sestero". Channel Awesome. Archived from the original on June 21, 2017. Retrieved June 21, 2017.
^ "Meet the Neighbors". The Neighbors. Season 1. Episode 1. September 26, 2014. Hulu. Archived from the original on July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 18, 2017.
^ Collis, Clark (May 18, 2015). "Dude Bro Party Massacre III trailer: Patton Oswalt explains why the movie isn't what it seems". Entertainment Weekly. Archived from the original on July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 18, 2017.
^ Dickinson, Amy (July 5, 2015). "Ask Amy: She hasn't been faithful to me". Omaha World-Herald. Retrieved June 21, 2017.
^ "Bluff The Listener". Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!. July 11, 2015. Archived from the original on June 21, 2017. Retrieved June 21, 2017.
^ Dickinson, Amy (July 10, 2015). "Ask Amy: Dysfunctional relationship should not progress to marriage". The Washington Post. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on June 21, 2017. Retrieved June 21, 2017.
^ Dickinson, Amy (July 20, 2015). "Ask Amy: Father and sons flee when mom starts to attack". The Washington Post. Allen Solly Shirt Grey Grey Solly Shirt Allen Tf7wqTR1H from the original on June 21, 2017. Retrieved June 21, 2017. and of 3 Full Chikan Palazo Palazzo Work IndiWeaves 2 Womens Pallazo Pack 1 Combo Pack Printed
‘savings were made by increasing the electricity supply only until it met specific development needs’
‘In this work it is hard to identify specific organs, aside from the pair of yellow mounds at one end that appear to represent lungs.’
‘In rural areas, the division of labor is usually clearly prescribed, with specific tasks assigned to men and women.’
‘She doesn't believe that animals have a mystic ability to identify specific cures for specifically diagnosed diseases.’
‘It is extremely difficult to identify a specific genera of mushrooms by using standard culture plate techniques.’
‘And he said a clearly expressed specific intention that something should be complied with just overrode that general provision.’
‘A friend of mine sent me a copy of the May 2000 issue with specific instructions to read your article.’
‘To issue a specific command, you need to go through a series of sub-menus, selecting the desired option at each level.’
‘Follow the manufacturer's instructions for specific preparation, adhesive and trowel use, and drying time.’
exact, accurate, precise, correct, error-free, pinpoint, detailed, explicit, express, clear-cut, well defined, unambiguous, unequivocal, meticulous, close, strict, definite
‘The code is specific to this operating system and will not run successfully on other operating systems.’
‘Each disc comes with a documentary unique to the specific subject matter and a general documentary about the show itself.’
3(of a duty or a tax) levied at a fixed rate per physical unit of the thing taxed, regardless of its price.
Of or denoting a number equal to the ratio of the value of some property of a given substance to the value of the same property of some other substance used as a reference, such as water, or of a vacuum, under equivalent conditions.
4.1 Of or denoting a physical quantity expressed in terms of a unit mass, volume, or other measure, in order to give a value independent of the properties or scale of the particular system studied.
‘The curriculum begins with the subject area of music, then it moves to the specifics of an instrument.’
‘Could you get into some specifics regarding the different types of space fighters and their weapons?’
Mid 17th century (originally in the sense ‘having a special determining quality’): from late Latin specificus, from Latin species (see species).
Archaic words have a charm that never fades away, from French sounding to wondrously mysterious ones.
Actual men and women, actual final results. Don't be fooled by spammy faux testimonies, photoshopped just before and right after shots, and manufactured–up circumstance scientific tests. They are one hundred% True screenshots from my Fb supporter website page and iTunes...
You don’t need to go vegan, gluten-absolutely free, or Give up any certain foodstuff team to lose weight. Actually, you’re much more likely to maintain the pounds off forever if it’s anything you'll be able to Stay with for the long term.
Your metabolism -- how very well your body turns calories into fuel -- also issues. And when you narrow too many energy, it’s lousy for yourself. You slow down your metabolism, and which can cause you to drop quick on some nutrients.
The majority of people get more than enough protein from diet program by itself. Having said that, for those who You should not, using a whey protein nutritional supplement is undoubtedly an effective way to spice up protein consumption.
The next motive that getting rid of junk foodstuff from your diet regime is The one most effective weight-loss measure is that it is simple almost to The purpose of absurdity. If an individual is familiar with only something about nutrition, she possibly is aware of what constitutes junk food.
It’s more than I’d Typically take in in 3 times as long. Lamb burgers, turkey lettuce-wrap tacos, hen salads. official site My digestion is off (even though I just take probiotics every single morning), so Dr. Axe suggests his Keto Digest health supplements at lunch. They have Extra fat-digesting enzymes that can you can check here help break down the additional Body fat and protein that my body isn’t used to consuming, and it can help.
By way of example, you may perhaps try to eat Generally on all times other than Mondays and Thursdays, in which you try to eat two small meals (250 calories per food for Ladies, and three hundred for guys).
When you battle with getting adequate protein with your diet, then an outstanding protein dietary supplement (like whey protein) is usually a healthier and practical way to boost your complete intake.
Reports have revealed that snooze-deprived consumers are around fifty five% far more prone to grow to be obese, in comparison with individuals who get ample sleep. This range is even increased for kids (90).
Working day eight: I’m nevertheless having difficulties to find a early morning beverage which i get pleasure from Which click to read more keeps me entire, so I try flavorless collagen protein powder with my espresso plus a splash of macadamia nut milk. It nevertheless isn’t the same as a French press with cream, but it’s a win! To the strong-food stuff front, I’m beginning to get a little bit grossed out about all of the meat I’ve eaten prior to now 7 days.
Upcoming, try out to notice when those emotions appear up, and have a approach willing to do another thing rather than taking more info here in. Could you click to read more are taking a walk? Textual content a colleague?
This macro-nutrient ratio makes it possible for the body to change from making use of carbohydrates (transformed into glycogen from the liver) for Power, to employing Extra fat (converted into fatty acids and ketone bodies from the liver).
Healthline and our associates might receive a portion of revenues when you produce a order using a hyperlink above.
Foods that contain h2o-soluble fiber could be Particularly handy, given that this kind of fiber can help increase the feeling of fullness.
Clean-It is a nationwide commercial window cleaning service with a good customer base in Leeds and the surrounding areas. Clean-It offers a wide range of professional commercial cleaning services including shop front cleaning, industrial cladding cleaning, gutter cleaning, UVPC cleaning and of course window cleaning. Our operatives are hard-working and understand the needs and requirements of commercial businesses in Leeds and Sheffield.
Many window cleaners have small businesses and don’t have the equipment or the insurance or the scope to take on the bigger jobs but Clean-It does. It is no problem to us to clean large industrial units, office buildings, hospitals or even public buildings. The days of the hardy breed of window cleaners with a ladder over their shoulder and a scrim in their hand are almost over. In this modern age window cleaning is a much safer and more efficient activity where window cleaners are trained in health and safety and invest in high tech equipment to get the job done more competently.
Clean-It’s quotes are always free and without obligation. They are always properly itemised, show all VAT and you can be sure there will be no hidden costs. We will provide all the correct health and safety and business paperwork and we will provide a copy of an in date insurance certificate. We are a reputable company and will always deal with you honestly.
Clean-It provides window cleaning services in Leeds, Sheffield, Nottingham, Loughborough, Leicester, Derby, London and Portsmouth. So if you have a chain of businesses we are happy to cater for your window cleaning needs in other parts of the country too.
Although we do cover many parts of the country our service is local, tailored to your specific needs so don’t hesitate to call us if your business is anywhere in the Leeds area including Harrogate, Keighley, Halifax, Wakefield, Wetherby, York, Bradford or anywhere in the Sheffield area.
For commercial window cleaners some times of the year are busier than others and although we will always try our best to fit you in it does pay to plan ahead. At Christmastime for instance priority will always be given to our regular customers and those that have booked well in advance. This is a busy time for everyone and even our regulars may need extra work done so don’t forget to tell us in good time so that we can be sure to meet your needs.
Wintertime can be particularly challenging when it comes to keeping your windows clean especially if your area experiences heavy traffic. Your façade and shop windows will need cleaning regularly in order to attract footfall so why not try our service out? We are sure that you will be happy with our regularity and efficiency.
For a free no obligation quotation and a great window cleaning service why not call us now on: 0800 832 1158. We are available to take your call every day between eight in the morning and nine in the evening.
We offer professional window cleaning, solar panel cleaning, gutter cleaning and conservatory cleaning services in Nottingham, Loughborough, Leicester, Derby, Derbyshire, Sheffield, Coventry, London, Portsmouth, and also Leeds - please don't hesitate to get in touch!
General Discussion about Racing History Vintage auto racing has a very special place in most race fans heart and mind. The cars, the drivers, the spills and thrills. Please share your auto racing memories. Feel free to start threads/topics in this forum that are non-specific to drivers, cars, or tracks.
I had forgotten, that Arleen Hiss was the first women to compete in a USAC championship (Indy car) race. She qualified 21st out of 22 cars for the March 1976 Phoenix race on the Phoenix International Raceway one mile oval. She finished 14th (last car running) 12 laps off the lead lap. Here she is.
Welllll........if you go off winning races, Shirley Muldowney by a mile. She won the NHRA top fuel championship a couple of times? After that maybe Sara Fisher, who although never won a national title, did make the Indy 500 field a few times, and ran midgets, winged sprints, on dirt and pavement. Sara is a versatile race car driver. I can't put Danica Patrick up there too far on the list, as she has very few win's in anything but that Indy car race in Japan, and maybe some go-kart and formula ford races? She, Patrick, is just not that competitive or versatile, in my opinion. Neither was Muldowney versatile, but she dominated her class of racing for several seasons.
Maxicare features a group of remarkably competent and knowledgeable engineers and pool maintenance expert who're enthusiastic about their get the job done and therefore are capable of enterprise assignments of any size. Our complex team will tutorial you throughout the swimming pool construction method being attentive to all of your minute specifics.
Subscribe to GJ Advisor today, for your month-to-month e-mail Together with the instruments, realistic recommendations and structure guidance to guideline you thru every stage with the setting up method *Required *Legitimate e-mail address essential
The one thing you need to renovate within a Concrete Pool with time is asthetically quite possibly changing your tiles or headers. The majority of the financial commitment is already compensated for the moment and is also in the ground.
In 2010, the American’s with Disabilities Act additional rules for swimming pools. Now, a lot of Attributes have ensured compliance by pool lifts and beach entries.
Irrespective of whether You'll need a new swimming pool style and set up project, or refurbishment of the present pool – we provide a personal and customized service that is certainly tailor-produced on your necessities.
As soon as the gunite is put in, it will need to be sprayed down having a hose everyday for 5 days to assist the curing process.
Only Power economical pumps are utilised to minimize your electric power bill. We provide most kinds of chlorination on your pool with the preferred being salt drinking water chlorination. The cholorinators are absolutely automated with PH and Chlorine Handle. We also provide A selection of computerized pool cleaners from suction swimming pool builders Brisbane sorts to electrical robotic cleaners making sure your pool is always cleanse.
American Pool functions intently with contractors, producers and municipalities on commercial fountain assignments. We even have expertise working with Federal, State and native governments.
Other contractors, including plumbers or landscapers, should function inside of their license classification, and cannot be liable for the general project. Landscape contractors could contract for the swimming pool, if it is portion of a larger landscaping task.
The preferred kind of concrete pool construction currently is finished with possibly shotcrete or gunite, that are mixtures of concrete and sand which can be sprayed onto a metallic body.
At half the expense but still a assistance life of five-7 a long time epoxy paints are a reasonable option for pool homeowners. The downside of epoxy paints is that they can only check here be applied to bare concrete (or plaster) or over earlier epoxy pool paints.
Acrylic Decks arrive in a number of hues and textures. Stamped Concrete Decks provde the seem of high-priced, pure supplies including flagstone or tile at a fraction of the fee.
Lighted measures up on the artificial fake rock waterslide. Wander-in cave/grotto with loveseat and baja landing. Cascading waterfall and leaping boulders. Pool is 8′ deep.
Synthetic rock waterslide and walk-in cave/grotto. Spa has stacked higher desert vaneer with poured in place coloured concrete coping. Tahoe blue pebble end, quartz Seashore entry.
Meet or exceed DOT/SAE standards, with particular consideration for photometric and safety compliance
DOT (Department of Transportation) is the Federal agency that delegates NHTSA (National Highway Traffic Safety Administration) to oversee the implementation and enforcement of vehicle safety standards.
SAE (Society of Automotive Engineers) is the organization that creates the specifications of component parts manufactured for motor vehicles, such as material composition, measurements, tolerances, performance characteristics, etc.
DOT/SAE certification is a self-assurance process administered by manufacturers themselves. In order to comply with DOT and put the DOT mark on its parts, the participating manufacturers must be registered with DOT and submit test results signifying compliance on every part.
Sometimes maybe you have additional data lurking at the hours of darkness corners of your respective Laptop or computer’s than you are expecting. In this article I clarify a few of the mysteries of buffers and why they need to be flushed.
To be aware of better how the compiler and linker work And just how the compiler could depend on information from header documents, try out compiling your jobs for the method prompt.
In this particular course I'll typically make use of the no cost CodeLite C editor which can be available for OS X, Windows and Linux. This online video demonstrates how to get CodeLite put in in your Laptop or computer.
In the above mentioned environment, all the teaching knowledge consists of labeled samples. Nevertheless, It could be wonderful in order to take advantage of unlabeled facts. The thought of manifold regularization is to extract handy details from unlabeled info by first defining which knowledge samples are "shut" to each other (Maybe by making use of their 3 nearest neighbors) after which you can including a phrase to the above mentioned function that penalizes any decision rule which creates different outputs on info samples which We now her response have designated as being close.
This item represents a radial foundation functionality kernel for use with kernel Mastering equipment that run on sparse vectors.
Remember to Be happy to touch upon glitches, belongings you don't love and points you want to to check out. If I don't receive the responses then I am unable to take it forward,
This is a PDF doc that contains solutions to a variety of common queries which have been requested by students. Be sure to down load and read through this Just before asking any inquiries in on the list of discussion threads.
What do you have to simply call your variables and constants? Here I think about a number of the naming conventions adopted by male C programmers.
additional from he has a good point the part on Ada looping constructs, nonetheless it can be utilized any place to boost readability, as an example:
Notice: If the worth of the thing is Sunday then an exception is lifted, You can not Succ previous the top with the enumeration. Pred This attribute gives the 'predecessor' of the offered price, Therefore the 'Pred value of an item containing Tuesday is Monday.
sort_basis_vectors() is actually a perform which tries to conduct supervised foundation set variety. Specifically, you give it a applicant set of foundation vectors and it types them Based useful content on how handy they are for fixing a certain decision issue.
The initial 3 declarations are exactly the same, they produce a similar objects, as well as the third just one assigns j the value 0 in equally cases. Nevertheless the fourth illustration
as well as the Ada case statement, this also extends to the fact that the when statement can catch several exceptions. Ranges of exceptions are impossible,
This is a functionality that masses the information from a file that takes advantage of the LIBSVM format. It loads the information right into a std::vector of sparse vectors. If you'd like to load details into dense vectors (i.e. dlib::matrix objects) You'll be able to utilize the sparse_to_dense function to perform the conversion.
associated with Individuals above and therefore are: First This delivers the value of the main item in a spread. Looking at the range
There may be situations when you'll want to get many different possible actions depending upon the price of some variable. The change statement can help out.
This tutorial describes how we can create a C program in any text editor And just how we can compile and execute from terminal, even though I have utilised mac terminal but the same method may very well be adopted in Linux and Windows in addition.
You'll find numerous ways of importing source code into NetBeans. In this article I display a straightforward way of creating a NetBeans C undertaking utilizing the files from considered one of my sample initiatives.
So You should utilize this operate to take advantage of a multi-Main method to perform cross validation quicker.
You could possibly do calculations with equally entire quantities – integers – and fractional numbers – floating factors. But be mindful: the end final results is probably not Whatever you anticipate!
Prior to we generate program, we must build a plan. Computer software development is undoubtedly an iterative course of action. While we listing steps the event process in a very 1,two,three,4 order, The truth is we cycle through these methods repeatedly. I like to begin with phase four), determining how I will examination it even prior to I come to a decision what it does. one) We begin with a summary of the inputs and outputs. This ordinarily defines what the overall system will do. We specify the choice of values as well as their importance. 2) Up coming, we make a listing of the expected data. We have to choose how the information is structured, Exactly what does it indicate, the way it is gathered, And exactly how it might be altered. three) Next we produce the application algorithm, that is a sequence of operations we want to execute.
On this handbook all instructions are given in code packing containers, the place the R code is printed in black, the comment text in blue plus the output created by R in inexperienced. All remarks/explanations get check out here started with the standard remark signal '#' to stop them from being interpreted by R as instructions.
Eventually I clearly show an have a peek at this website example of How to define a record in the binary file and modify the data it has. You should use the sample application as a foundation for your personal facts-preserving application.
The C language provides a number of typical details forms. Often it is helpful to deal with one particular style as Yet another style. On this lesson I demonstrate the hows and whys of ‘type-casting’.
Below I clarify how to avoid wasting a collection of records (structs) into a binary data file and how to work out the volume of information saved prior to allocating memory when reading through them in again.
A lot of programming languages have a focused string data-variety. Here we revise the important capabilities of C strings and explain the significance of its insufficient a string type.
This is YOURURL.com an easy enter layer type for use in the deep neural network which can take some kind of image as input and masses it right into a community.
If the program attempts to entry an uninitialized price, the outcome are undefined. Several modern-day compilers try and detect and alert about this issue, but equally Bogus positives and Untrue negatives can manifest.
Variables are identifiers whose values may well change during the running of one's software. This video clip clarifies the fundamentals of variables and their forms in C.
Heterogeneous mixture data kinds (struct) make it possible for related details aspects to become accessed and assigned for a device.
A lot of them (with Python currently being quite possibly the most dramatic exception) also are incredibly syntactically similar to C generally, and they have an inclination to combine the recognizable expression and statement syntax of C with underlying type techniques, facts designs, and semantics that may be radically distinct. Background
Over the late 1970s and nineteen eighties, variations of C were being implemented for numerous types of mainframe computer systems, minicomputers, and microcomputers, such as the IBM Personal computer, as its acceptance started to improve drastically.
To obtain that info you need to figure out which detections match one another from frame to body. This is where the track_association_function comes in. It performs the detection to trace association. It will likely do several of the monitor administration responsibilities basics like creating a new keep track of any time a detection doesn't match any of the existing tracks. Internally, this object is carried out utilizing the assignment_function item. In truth, It truly is genuinely just a thin wrapper all-around assignment_function and exists just to offer a far more practical interface to buyers executing detection to trace Affiliation.
Arrays can have numerous dimensions to let you star arrays inside arrays. Below I describe how one can visualize a look these up two-dimensional array as getting a little just like a spreadsheet with intersecting rows and columns.
This is a simple linear kmeans clustering implementation. To check a sample to your cluster, it steps the angle concerning them with regard to the origin. Therefore, it tries to find clusters of details that all have small angles concerning Every cluster member.
Enums let you designed teams of named constants that can help to doc your code. Below I reveal their price – and their limitations.
Although the syntax for parameter declarations was augmented to incorporate the style Employed in C++, the K&R interface continued to generally be permitted, for visit the site compatibility with existing resource code.
Sorry, we just have to ensure you're not a robotic. For very best final results, please be certain your browser is accepting cookies.
C's regular arithmetic conversions make it possible for for economical code to become produced, but can occasionally produce unanticipated effects.
T, promoted strategies are included in the strategy list of the struct as follows: If S includes an embedded discipline T, the method sets of S and *S the two incorporate promoted approaches with receiver T.
We've got had comments for the result that naming and structure are so individual and/or arbitrary that we mustn't try to “legislate” them.
In a category Keeping a reference, you probably need to have to jot down the duplicate constructor plus the assignment operator, although the default destructor already does the right matter. (Take note that employing a reference member is almost always Erroneous.)
but that’s complex for novices (who can certainly experience this issue) and the instance is definitely an example of a far more general
Listed here, we use “sequence of figures” or “string” to consult with a sequence of figures intended for being examine as textual content (somehow, at some point).
This module looks within the architecture from the Conventional Template Library. It is very vital that you know how iterators are used to entry container to make extremely efficient generic algorithms. The module also contains the essential new sort of perform object—the lambda expression.
Such as, the general swap() will duplicate the elements of two vectors currently being swapped, Whilst a very good precise implementation will never duplicate components in the additional info least.
No. That is certainly just a first implementation contributed by Microsoft. Other implementations by other vendors are inspired, as are forks of and contributions to that implementation.
The ISO regular ensures just a “legitimate but unspecified” point out for your regular-library containers. Seemingly this has not been a challenge in about 10 years of experimental and creation site here use.
In some cases complexity is utilized to (merely) indicate an estimate of the volume of functions necessary to execute an algorithm.
A function specifies an motion or perhaps a computation that takes the process from a person regular condition to the following. It is the elemental making block of applications.
If you actually need to interrupt out a loop, a split is typically much better than possibilities including modifying the loop variable or maybe a goto:
For a fixed-size array, use std::array, which doesn't degenerate to the pointer when passed to your function and check over here does know its dimensions.
A check need to verify that the header file alone compiles or that a cpp file which only incorporates the header file compiles.
To simplify the most frequent and most basic utilizes, the comparison argument is often defaulted to attract(*this);
The Microsoft compiler’s C++ code Examination includes a list of procedures specially aimed at enforcement with the C++ Main Rules.
“The ideal spot to Are living homework help with actual tutors” Established in 1996 Using the name Homeworkhelp.com. The primary purpose of the corporate is to build the absolute best instructional solutions and software’s for 4th to twelfth quality students, higher education college students and working industry experts.
In particular, we’d definitely like to have some of our regulations backed up with measurements or much better examples.
Next The foundations will lead to code that may be statically kind Harmless, has no resource leaks, and catches quite a few additional programming logic faults than is frequent in code now.
If that's so, hold them neighborhood, as opposed to “infecting” interfaces to ensure much larger groups of programmers need to concentrate on the
This spawns a thread per concept, plus the run_list is presumably managed to destroy those tasks after They can be completed.
No. That may be just a first implementation contributed by Microsoft. Other implementations by other sellers are inspired, see this here as are forks of and contributions to that implementation.
Statements Handle the circulation of Management (apart from perform phone calls and exception throws, that happen to be expressions).
Generally speaking, a Device are unable to know if a class is actually a resource deal with. Nevertheless, if a category has some of the default functions, it must have all, and if a class contains a member That may be a useful Visit This Link resource tackle, it should be considered as resource cope with.
No. These tips are about how to best navigate to this site use Typical C++14 (and, In case you have an implementation readily available, the Concepts Specialized Specification) and create code assuming you have a modern-day conforming compiler.
This is able to carry a value only in the event the assertion checking was enabled and would provide a compiler/analyzer practical facts.
” formed in 2010 and is one of the premier online assets for helping college students by improving their Finding out by way of tutoring, in addition to helping tutors in acquiring compensation for sharing their information.
Substitute formulation: Have every useful resource represented being an object of some class taking care of its life time.
A fantastic rule for efficiency vital code is to move examining outdoors the critical Section of the code (examining).
Come and watch the 1975 classic feature Jaws Directed by Steven Spielberg. On Porthmeor Baech, TR26 1JZ, St.Ives on Friday 18th September 2015 at sundown.
Bicycle powered cinemas is a unique event brought to you by Cornwall Film Festival as part of the Green Film Festival St.Ives. Come and join in and be part of the team that power the cinema ! Screened on an inflatable screen right on the beach, pedal power is not only a clean & fun method of generating electricity, it’s also an amazing way to promote sustainability, exercise and energy appreciation. No killer sharks here! Regularly spotted round the cost of Cornwall. Read more about coastal and marine environments and the threats sharks face with information on shark conservation at the Shark Trust.
Cost – The Cornwall Film Festival charity are running this event to help fund our BEACON project, to support young people in the media industry – donations in the bucket please !
Bring – picnic mats, chairs and suitable clothing. Dine in style with a range of hot and cold food with a bar on the beach.
Parking – if you are coming by car then please use the drop off opposite the TATE (if required) and use the following car parks
The Lincoln & District Branch, part of the East Midlands Region, covers an area approximately 15 miles radius centred on Lincoln, including Market Rasen, Tealby and Baumber to the east, Woodhall Spa and Leadenham to the south and westwards to the Nottinghamshire border.
All CAMRA members have the chance to nominate beers from their local area via the CBoB voting website. This means that beers from all parts of the country have an equal chance to be nominated. The voting period is now …Read More »
Lincoln CAMRA’s top pub, the Dambusters Inn at Scampton, has gone one better, with the award of Lincolnshire Pub of the Year for 2018. Judges from the Campaign for Real Ale visited the winning pubs from each of the CAMRA …Read More »
The Mayor of Lincoln, Cllr Keith Weaver officially opens the 2018 Lincoln Beer Festival by pulling a pint of the festival beer, watched by festival organiser Lauraine Compton and deputy organiser John Watkinson.Read More »
Planning is well underway for this years Lincoln Beer Festival. It’s shaping up to be another great event, but as usual we can not run it without your help! Jobs include; getting people admitted into the festival, dispensing glasses to …Read More »
Come and join us this Friday for a beer tasting at Cheers Wine shop in Lincoln. facebook.com/story.php?stor…
Looking forward to it! Live music too from The Cogs. Come and enjoy some great beer and great music! twitter.com/brewyorkbeer/s…
We are so proud to have won the Producer of the year award. A great result for all the hard work by the FAB team. facebook.com/63748366641660…
Thrilled to be one of the pubs selected to be part of the @cloudwaterbrew #cask rerelease! Big thanks also to @JollyGoodBeer for doing the legwork. Details can be found on our Facebook page
Next Thursday 8th November sees the launch of a brand new beer at BeerHeadZ Lincoln. @brewyorkbeer have collaborated with @orabrewing to produce Stracciatella Porter! This will be available on cask, keg & in cans, don’t miss out! More details here: facebook.com/events/1932118… pic.twitter.com/CePBvkUc2r
We have changed our licencing and can now accept amplified live musicians! We are looking for jazz and blues solo/ duo artists and also acoustic artists for Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights... Please send us a message with a link to some of your music if you are interested! pic.twitter.com/6uWGtVLpyH
Calling all EggHeadZ! Don’t forget it’s our General Knowledge Quiz this Monday 5th November! pic.twitter.com/ViCEyDgm8N
Have you got your tickets for the @BBCGoodFoodShow yet? Join us at the CAMRA Great British Beer Experience, the NEC Birmingham, 29 Nov-2 Dec! You can get show tickets and tickets for tutored tastings with @RogerProtzBeer, @ATJbeer & @CaskAnnabel! 🍻 👉 ow.ly/QS4B30myMY0 pic.twitter.com/xbOV…
.@theipaper has covered our top four finalists for Pub of the Year! Read their article below 👇 twitter.com/theipape…
Except where otherwise indicated, all content © 1971 - 2018 The Campaign for Real Ale. Whilst every effort is made to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and up to date, no responsibility for errors and omissions can be accepted. The views expressed on this site are not necessarily those of the Campaign for Real Ale Ltd. Links to external sites do not imply any official CAMRA endorsement of the ideas expressed therein, or guarantee the validity of the information provided. Links to commercial sites are in no way an endorsement of any vendor’s products or services.
Welcome to Lincoln’s online Media Room. Press releases are usually directed to fenestration insiders announcing Lincoln's most newsworthy information. Here you can access current and past press releases about the Lincoln family, our product updates and our activities. Check back regularly for updates. If you need additional information, please contact us.
Merrill, WI. (August 24, 2011) – On April 10th, the Lincoln Windows final assembly plant and corporate offices were severely damaged by a category EF3 tornado that went through Merrill, Wisconsin. Less than 4 months after the tornado struck, on August 9th 2010, Lincoln employees and contractors celebrated the completion of the rebuilding with a ribbon cutting ceremony.
Initial estimates indicated that the plant would be facing a 6 month shutdown for major repairs. Fortunately, the Lincoln management team chose a very aggressive reconstruction plan resulting in an earlier completion date while simultaneously allowing some production to remain in the plant.
The process wasn’t without challenges. Construction crews and Lincoln employees had to deal with limited communication capability, cold weather, rain and even snow. As if the physical challenges weren’t enough, the company was struck an emotional blow when Jane Bierman, Lincoln’s owner and co-founder, passed away at the age of 91.
The hardships shared by the employees have brought everyone together and strengthened the family atmosphere that Carl & Jane Bierman always sought. This ribbon cutting became more than just celebrating the completion of a large project, it marked a symbolic starting point for a new beginning, a fresh optimistic outlook for the future and the opportunity to continue the Bierman legacy.
Lincoln Wood Products, Inc. has been manufacturing high quality wood windows and patio doors for new construction, remodeling and light commercial projects for over 63 years. Based in Merrill, Wisconsin, the privately owned company engineers windows and patio doors for visual appeal as well as outstanding performance and backs it up with exceptional customer service before and after the sale. Lincoln windows and patio doors are marketed through a network of over 400 independent distributors throughout the U.S. For more information visit www.lincolnwindows.com.
Merrill, WI. (May 16, 2011) – Five short weeks after an EF3 tornado severely damaged our final assembly facility, Lincoln Windows is pleased to announce that shipments of product have resumed.
This past week has seen the return of all plant employees and the first truck to leave our facility since the tornado hit on April 10th. While the plant and corporate offices will continue to be repaired over the next 4-6 weeks, all departments will be fully operational during this period.
It's been through the efforts of many individuals that we have been able to resume production so soon after the tornado hit our community. Lincoln is extremely proud of its employees and we are very appreciative of our vendors and customers who have supported us while our production was down. We look forward to being able to continue Jane Bierman's legacy of excellence for generations to come.
Merrill, WI. (May 10, 2011) – On Thursday, April 29th, Jane Bierman, the co-founder and owner of Lincoln Windows and Timeline Vinyl Windows, passed away at the age of 91. Jane was actively running the company until she suffered a stroke earlier this year.
Jane and her husband Carl founded Lincoln Wood Products, Inc. in 1947. Together, they started manufacturing many types of wood products and components. In the 1960's, the company evolved to be a manufacturer of complete wood window and patio door systems. Very attuned to changes in the industry, in 1994, Jane & Carl established Timeline Vinyl Products, Inc., an all vinyl window manufacturer, to compliment their very successful wood line. From early on, the focus was on brand loyalty, ethical business practices, customer service and treating customers as friends.
After Carl's death in 2002, Jane continued and even expanded her involvement in the companies and many local community organizations. During her career, Jane deservedly received many awards and accolades at the state and local level for her industry achievements and generosity within the community.
Both Lincoln and Timeline will endeavor to maintain the same level of manufacturing excellence and customer service that Jane & Carl have demanded and expected over the past 67 years. The entire Lincoln and Timeline family are deeply saddened by this loss and will miss Jane's leadership and friendship greatly. Her compassion, drive and guidance will serve as a benchmark as the companies continue her legacy.
Merrill, WI. (April 16, 2011) – On April 10th, our corporate offices and final assembly plant were severely damaged by a category F3 tornado that hit Merrill, Wisconsin. This was one of eleven confirmed tornadoes that hit our state that day.
Locally, over 60 homes and 12 businesses were either damaged or destroyed. Even though the area was heavily hit, only minor injuries were suffered in the community. The only injury at Lincoln was sustained by a security guard. Luckily, the tornado impacted on a Sunday evening when personnel were not working.
Contrary to negative marketing being conducted by some competitors, Lincoln's production facilities are not a "total loss" and have not been "destroyed." Lincoln maintains multiple production locations in Merrill and fortunately only the final assembly plant and offices were damaged. We are repositioning the departments that were affected to our other facilities and plan to resume production within the next 3 weeks. Communications are still limited, but should be reestablished soon.
Our Timeline facility was not damaged by the tornado and is fully operational now that shared computer operations have been restored. Production has already resumed on existing and incoming orders.
The community has really come together in the support of the businesses and homeowners affected by the tornado and we are once again reminded how blessed we are to live in this area. We also wish to thank our dealers, vendors and even some of our competitors who have so generously offered to assist us during this time. Their thoughtfulness will be remembered.
Lincoln Wood Products, Inc. has been manufacturing high quality wood windows and patio doors for new construction, remodeling and light commercial projects for over 63 years. Based in Merrill, Wisconsin, the privately owned company engineers windows and patio doors for visual appeal as well as outstanding performance and backs it up with exceptional customer service before and after the sale. Lincoln windows and patio doors are marketed through a network of over 400 independent distributors throughout the U.S. For more information visit www.lincolnwindows.com or call 715.536.2461.
Merrill, WI. (August 6, 2010) – Lincoln Windows & Patio Doors takes great pride in announcing the recent launch of its new website, www.lincolnwindows.com. With development beginning in 2009, the new website is the result of a year of hard work by Lincoln's in-house marketing team. The dramatically redesigned site now incorporates the company's brand identity, welcoming visitors with bold new colors and a clean uncluttered design.
The new Lincoln site was developed to provide a quality user experience. The new layout is simple to navigate with convenient drop-down and sidebar menu systems. Redundant navigation paths help users easily find pertinent information from any page they are viewing. Content is neatly organized into categories, enabling users to find what they are looking for with the least number of mouse clicks.
Whether you're a homeowner, architect or builder, Lincoln has included as much information as possible about their windows and patio doors to help with your upcoming project. From hardware and accessory options to technical data, such as performance data or CAD files, the new site contains the most comprehensive assembly of product information they've ever published. Additional enhancements include the latest company news, downloadable literature, customer support information and much more.
Showcased on the new website is the grouping of Lincoln's product into series and collections, making product selection easier for their customers. The two new series include Revitalize Series (replacement product) and StormPoint Series (impact product). The five exterior options offered by Lincoln are divided into collections: Distinction Collection (aluminum clad), Harmony Collection (vinyl clad), Innovation Collection (hybrid), Traditions Collection (primed) and Luxury Collection (natural wood).
The new site is the best source for Lincoln's latest information. From new product availability to important test data, the most up-to-date information are only a few mouse clicks away. The new site will be under a constant state of development and enhancement, to meet the changing needs of its customers, with new features and tools already in the planning stages.
Lincoln Wood Products, Inc. has been manufacturing high quality wood windows and patio doors for new construction, remodeling and light commercial projects for over 60 years. Based in Merrill, Wisconsin, the privately owned company engineers windows and patio doors for visual appeal as well as outstanding performance and backs it up with exceptional customer service before and after the sale. Lincoln windows and patio doors are marketed through a network of over 400 independent distributors throughout the U.S. For more information visit www.lincolnwindows.com.
Merrill, WI. (August 3, 2010) – Lincoln Windows & Patio Doors is excited to announce the expansion of their Revitalize Series by introducing their new Lincoln Fit Casement & Awning Insert Windows. These new products not only give consumers more options when replacing windows, they also qualify for the federal tax credit.
Designed to be retro-fitted into a sound existing double hung frame, these products install easily from the interior or exterior with minimal disruption to existing siding or interior moldings.
Important key attributes include: Lincoln Fit windows look like our full-frame replacement units so they can be easily mixed on a remodeling/addition project. A durable extruded aluminum clad exterior, with an extensive color offering, requiring minimum maintenance. A selection of six luxurious wood species or a choice of a primed or FirstFinish painted interior. Functional and durable Truth Encore low-profile folding hardware in seven finishes matching any décor.
Adjustable Hinges - Pivoting hinge post assists with sash location for fine tuning after installation.
In addition to the new Lincoln Fit Casement & Awning Insert Windows, Lincoln's Revitalize Series includes a Lincoln Fit Double Hung Insert Window, a Double Hung Replacement Kit and a wide selection of custom full-frame replacement windows and patio doors.
Merrill, WI. (March 31, 2010) – Every year thousands of children in the United States are injured from falling out windows. As National Window Safety Week approaches (April 4th-10th), Lincoln encourages all consumers in the market for double hung windows to install fall prevention devices to help reduce accidental falls. Lincoln's new optional sash limiters meet the requirements of ASTM F2090 and are available in two finishes, including white and chrome. Lincoln also offers sash limiters for their line of casement windows.
ASTM F2090 (2008): Standard Specification for Window Fall Prevention Devices With Emergency (Egress) Release Mechanisms establishes requirements for devices intended to address the risk of injury and death associated with accidental falls from windows by children five years old and younger.
Windows often serve as a means of escape during an emergency, such as a fire. Be prepared by having an emergency escape plan. Practice it regularly as a family and teach children how to safely exit through windows. Make sure each window opens easily and is free from clutter.
When children are around, keep windows closed and locked. If ventilation is needed, open windows they cannot reach.
Unattended children run the greatest risk of falls, so they should always be supervised by an adult while playing. Teach children not to play near windows and keep furniture and other items they can use as a climbing aid away from windows.
Do not depend on screens to prevent falls. Instead, install fall prevention devices that meet American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) requirements, featuring quick release mechanisms that allow for easy escape during an emergency.
Lincoln Wood Products, Inc. has been manufacturing high quality wood windows and patio doors for new construction, remodeling and light commercial projects for over 60 years. Based in Merrill, Wisconsin, the privately owned company engineers windows and patio doors for visual appeal as well as outstanding performance and backs it up with exceptional customer service before and after the sale. Lincoln windows and patio doors are marketed through a network of over 400 independent distributors throughout the U.S. For more information visit www.lincolnwindows.com or call 715.536.2461.
Merrill, WI. (March 25, 2010) – The government's Economic Stimulus Package offers homeowners federal tax credits for making qualified improvements to their homes, which includes purchasing and installing energy efficient windows and patio doors from Lincoln.
Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, homeowners can receive a federal tax credit of 30% of the cost of eligible products up to a total of $1500. Qualifying products must have both a U-Factor and a Solar Heat Gain Coefficient (SHGC) of 0.30 or lower. Federal requirements also stipulate that qualified products must be installed between January 1, 2009 and December 31, 2010.
Windows and patio doors rely heavily on glazing performance to meet performance numbers. Lincoln's new Dual Low-E glass packages tackle these program requirements by combining either LoĒ² or LoĒ³-366™ with a pyrolytic (hardcoat) low-e surface. This energy efficient glass lowers U-Values and retains more of the costly heat inside in the Northern and North/Central zones and blocks solar gain by reflecting heat in the South/Central and Southern zones.
Replacing old leaky or worn out windows and patio doors is easy with Lincoln's wide selection of products. Doing so not only reduces energy costs, but can add style and comfort to any home. For a complete list of eligible products, please visit their website at www.lincolnwindows.com.
This breathtaking new door offers consumers the ability to blur the lines between the inside and outside of a home or business or easily turn two rooms into one and back again. When closed, the system provides a secure barrier from unwanted visitors, noise and weather elements while maintaining the view. When open, it creates an expansive passage between indoor and outdoor spaces without fixed glass panels, mullions or posts.
The “accordion style” door glides effortlessly on an overhead track system. Numerous out-swing panel configurations are available anywhere from two to eight panels in each direction and can include an access panel.
Fully customizable, the Fold-A-Way Patio Door is available with handle sets in twelve solid finishes and two split finishes, six interior wood species, three frame and sash exteriors (primed wood, species grade mahogany and fir and extruded aluminum clad), multiple glass options, three styles of grids and the option of a fully integrated retractable screen.
Merrill, WI. (March 9, 2009) – Lincoln unveils their new aluminum clad colors. They’ve created one of the best collections in the industry by adding twenty-nine new and exciting feature colors and seven high performance spray-on anodized colors.
Their eight standard colors are the mainstay of their clad product line. The popularity of these time-tested shades is proven in repeat customer demand. An expanded selection of thirty-eight feature colors provides customers the opportunity to achieve that distinctive look. Now offering a wider range of shades, their new feature colors will be sure to take a project from ordinary to stunning!
For those that require a specific color or want to personalize their project, Lincoln also offers the option of custom colors by matching a customer provided color sample. Add to that a collection of seven new spray-on anodized colors and the possibilities are almost endless.
The completely redesigned Glider is a single slider with one operating sash or a triple slider with operable flankers and a stationary picture sash center. An option for a full or half screen completes the product.
Aluminum clad units feature extruded frames and sash, making them a horizontal compliment to Lincoln’s popular double hung line. Now manufactured with cope joints instead of mitered joints, the clad windows have a more aesthetically pleasing look and will match the rest of Lincoln’s window lines. The new Glider is also available in Lincoln’s popular W-V vinyl clad exterior.
New durable solid brass rollers reduce friction and improve functionality while the new low profile pick-resistant sash locks are available in seven finishes including: White, Bronze, Satin Nickel, Polished Brass, Oil-Rubbed Brass, Faux Bronze and Coppertone.
When it comes to building a luxury home, nothing makes a window or patio door more exquisite than those that are premium wood throughout. Lincoln has stepped up to address the needs of this market. In addition to the option of five alternative species “interiors” including fir, oak, cherry, alder and mahogany, Lincoln is now offering two alternative species “exteriors” in both mahogany and fir. This new option is available for all of Lincoln’s product lines.
Merrill, WI. (October 6, 2008) – Lincoln announces the introduction of Operating Sidelites to compliment their Swing Patio Door product lines. Whether a customer is looking to add more light to a room, expand their view of the outdoors, or have the convenience of ventilation without having a screen on their patio door, Lincoln’s new Operating Sidelites are the perfect solution.
Hoppe© thumb-bolt hardware available in ten finishes including: White, Polished Brass, Oil-Rubbed Brass, Antique Brass, Faux Bronze, Satin Nickel, Antique Nickel, Brushed Chrome, Polished Chrome, and Matte Black.
Merrill, WI. (September 22, 2008) – Lincoln announces the addition of BetterVue screens to their vast array of product options.
BetterVue screens are constructed utilizing a fire-retardant charcoal fiberglass yarn that is smaller in diameter than standard fiberglass screens. The smaller yarn improves the openness of the screen providing homeowners with better visibility, increased light transmittance, greater airflow and improved curb appeal.
In addition to having a smaller yarn, the mesh is woven in a tighter weave creating smaller holes. These smaller holes extend the screen’s benefits by providing enhanced protection from small insects (no-see-ums), debris and dust.
Merrill, WI. (June 24, 2008) – In addition to standard insulating, LoE2, and specialty glasses, Lincoln has partnered with Cardinal Glass Industries and is now offering LoE366, Neat and Preserve for its windows and patio doors.
Controlling solar heat gain just became easier with the unparalleled performance of LoE366 glass technology. Three microscopic layers of silver sealed in the airspace block solar gain and reflect heat more effectively, keeping homes cooler during warmer months.
Another goal with any high performance glazing is clarity. LoE366 allows 66% visible light transmittance, reducing exterior reflectance and smoke-colored tints that can darken a home’s interior. Great glass performance can actually be seen as well as felt. UV light, the leading cause of fading, is blocked by up to 95% with LoE366. This means furniture, flooring, artwork and other home furnishings all will benefit from this glass technology.
Now take all of the benefits of LoE366, the ultimate choice in glass, and combine them with Neat and Preserve to create the best performing glass package in the window industry. Neat creates a smoother glass surface, causing water to disperse evenly, removing dirt more quickly and reducing water spots. It also reacts with the sun’s UV rays causing organic material on the glass to decompose, leaving windows cleaner longer.
Preserve is a clear adhesive film that protects the glass during shipping and construction, saving time and money during cleanup. Since the film is clear, it allows light in during the building process and because it contains no harmful chemicals, it can be disposed of with other waste materials.
Merrill, WI. (June 11, 2008) – Lincoln continues to expand their window line with the addition of a new Push-Out Casement. Charming old-world style combined with today’s modern features make these windows beautiful inside and out. The sash swings open with a simple turn of the handle while friction hinges keep it firmly in place whether fully or partially opened. Customers can choose from a traditional hinged screen or an innovative retractable screen that rolls up when not needed, leaving a clear view of the outdoors.
Single handle for easy operation available in three finishes including: Satin Nickel, Polished Brass and Faux Bronze.
Multi-point locking system directly routed into the stile for greater performance, security and durability.
Adjustable 3-point stainless steel high-friction washability hinges on top and bottom allow easy access to clean the window from the inside.
A host of options including: six interior wood species, three frame and sash exteriors, multiple glass choices, three styles of grids and custom sizing.
Merrill, WI. (May 5, 2008) – Lincoln’s W-V windows offer the benefits of a durable low-maintenance vinyl exterior while maintaining the beauty of a fine wood interior. Recent upgrades give the W-V Series added performance and improved appearance.
Whether for a home or light commercial project, the W-V Series is an excellent choice. The uPVC vinyl clad exterior is available in three colors including: White, Sandstone and now Adobe! All W-V window sash are now manufactured with cope joints instead of mitered joints. This design change gives the windows a more aesthetically pleasing traditional look and complements Lincoln’s other window lines. When it comes to exterior trim, customers can now choose between a 2” brickmould or a 3-1/2” flat trim in all three W-V colors. These casing options come factory applied and include nailing fins. Both casings incorporate a 1” J-channel pocket extruded into the trim for quick installation of many siding types.
The Lincoln Fit Double Hung Replacement Kit is now available with the W-V exterior. It’s the perfect remodeling solution for those customers who want the combination of a low-maintenance exterior with a wood interior. All three exterior colors, including White, Sandstone and Adobe are available with the new coped style sash.
The W-V Series couples excellent performance ratings with design flexibility. The vinyl clad exterior, together with a paintable or stainable wood interior, is adaptable to any personal style or interior décor concept. Strength, durability and style – Lincoln builds on tradition with a common-sense approach to windows and the W-V Series.
Merrill, WI. (April 30, 2008) – Lincoln introduces a new array of Hoppe® hardware options for their swing patio doors including six handles, four backplates and ten finishes. Whether a home is traditional, modern or somewhere in between, customers now have the opportunity to mix and match the options to create a door that fits their style and is truly inspiring.
Lincoln’s handles are manufactured using the finest quality brass alloys. The surface of all handles, except Oil-Rubber Brass, is protected by a transparent enamel finish which offers strength and durability as well as a smooth, blemish-free surface. Customers can choose from Lincoln’s selection of ten popular finishes including: Polished Brass, Antique Brass, Oil-Rubbed Brass, Matte Black, Satin Nickel, Antique Nickel, Polished Chrome, Brushed Chrome, White, and a new color - Faux Bronze.
Merrill, WI. (April 22, 2008) – Lincoln announces that new Truth EncoreTM operators and multi-point locking systems are now standard on all casement and awning windows. The new hardware was selected for its performance history. It provides customers with smoother operating and locking mechanisms, increased stability and security and additional options.
Seven color options including: Coppertone (standard), White, Satin Nickel, Polished Brass, Oil-Rubbed Brass, Bronze, and a new color - Faux Bronze.
NOTE: You must have Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer to view PDF documents. You can download the latest free version of Acrobat from Adobe's website.
Delighted to read that Rockhouse Hotel, and in particular the Spa, both receive a mention in this DOTW News article.
Direct flights from Paso Robles Municipal Airport (PRB) in Paso Robles, CA to John Wayne/Orange County Airport (SNA) in Santa Ana, CA via air taxi
The flight distance from Paso Robles to Santa Ana is 181 miles and average flight time is 1 hour 27 minutes. If you were to drive from Paso Robles to Santa Ana, it would take 4 hours 20 minutes to drive 217 miles.
"as usual, all was easy and smooth. nancy and mike, as well as your entire team, always do an excellent job."
All flights are operated by U.S. 14 CFR Part 135 air carriers ("operators"), the names of which are disclosed to our customers prior to booking travel. Operators providing service for Air Taxi Service and Support LLC d/b/a Linear Air (ATSS) bookings must meet standards set forth by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and by ATSS. ATSS does not manage or operate aircraft on behalf of our customers, and is not itself an operator, and is a subsidiary of AirDialog LLC, a Direct Air Carrier operating under FAA certificate number L41A034L. Video footage used with permission from Cirrus Aircraft
Copyright © 2018 Ultime moda donna | Abbigliamento donna, Scarpe donna - Vendita online online All Rights Reserved.
"There's nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein." ~Walter Wellesley "Red" Smith
I spent our spring break at my family's condo in Midway, and I can tell you that being in such close quarters with my kids seems to magnify certain... um... wonderful traits about them. The traits that sort of make you wanna find the nearest cliff and pull a Thelma and Louise.
extra follow up, no matter what you say: Tomorrow is tomorrow? That's not answering the question, Brodi.
6. Why can't I earn money by using my web to catch people as they fall? (This was after I asked him what he wanted to do for a job when he grew up)
2. If we were to plant that avocado pit, would we get an avocado tree? (Okay, that was Sam asking this one).
Brodi - children have an innate ability to be more energetic and curious the closer quarters you are in, this grows exponentially when weather imprisons you together.
I love the picture, is that you maybe as the Easter bunny? With the city beyond...he sees you as bringing gifts to the masses? You are a superhero!
So sorry that you seem to have lost your arms, without which you cannot be a typer. Perhaps you can train your super large, pointed ears to type?
I can help you on #2: The answer is Yes, if you plant the avacado pit, it will grow into an avacado tree. Alas, the climate in Happy Valley is not ideal for avacados, so it will be a very small tree, and you probably need to have a really, really green thumb (like my dad) to make even a small tree, but for about a year (until one of his grandchildren--certainly not one of MY kids--pulled off the 2-3 leaves it had managed to grow) dad had a tiny little avacado tree growing in the same planter as one of his (many) house plants, right there in Sandy, Utah. :)
Haha I miss kid C! That's an adorable picture of the cousins, by the way. I can understand about the crowding issues, though.
Una- If I am a superhero, I question Carter's perception of what superhero's look like: Fat armless bunnies.
Valynne- Actually, if my arms ever disappear, I've already trained my butt cheeks to take over on the keyboard.
Robin- Your dad sounds like my father in law. He can grow anything! Last year, he grew a lemon tree in his breezeway. Maybe I should give him the avocado pit and see what he can do with it.
Brodi - maybe the question isn't his perception of a superhero, but what enemies you are able to defeat? What enemies did he have in mind when he pictured you as an armless bunny?
My favorite annoying kid question: How much longer/father/etc. No answer is ever good enough for this question. It's not impossible to answer, it's just there is no "good" answer.
The one my 5yo's been asking lately is "How much does one dollar cost?" This threw me way off until I realized he was asking, "How much does one dollar buy?" as in "What can I get for my stinkin' dollar?" But he still asks the endless streams of "why?" that drive me crazy.
LOL!!! I think that's a cute picture of his mom as a lovable furry rodent bringing him a basket of goodies! ...or was that your evil red twin with the horns??? If that's the case, then my word verification would fit "bullytom" -- I hope none of your kids are named Tom!
Una- I hate that question. And I've tried to think about it, but I have yet to come up with an enemy who would be defeated by an armless bunny.
You have excellent ears in that picture. =D I get a million unanswerable questions too. And you know what I tell myself? That they just want to talk to me. =]
Dorien- He hasn't figured out about the Easter bunny yet. He still thinks the "Toothpaste" fairy puts toothpaste on his toothbrush every night. The kid's gullible.
L.T.- I like my ears too. I think they could be used as weapons. Brodi: Ninja Armless Bunny Assassin.
My favorite: "Do I need to find a funner family?" If YOUR kid is asking that - mine must be shouting ''I HAVE GOT to find a FUNNER family!!" We're pretty low on the fun factor lately.
And the diabolic bunny drawing. Yeah. Don't read much into it. I think he was just practicing your name.
Two random questions: Are you familiar with Katherine Center's fiction? And if you're careening around our corner, would you mind stopping to pick up your book? I've been finished with Catching... for two months. Sorry I can't seem to make it out of the house and down the street to return it. Totally lame. Thanks Brod!
As amazing as Boo is when it comes to memorizing, her memory for things we've just told her is awful.
The question that's annoying me right now is coming from my 5yo - Mom what time is it? He doesn't even understand time yet, but he has to know the exact minutes and he asks me every 5 minutes.
I've had the when is tomorrow question too - tomorrow is always tomorrow is a hard concept to grasp. Funny as always Bro.
Cath- I'm not familiar with Katherine Center, but I just googled her and it looks interesting. What are your favorites of hers? I'll stop by and pick up CF soon. Hope you liked it!
Britt- That's the thing about kids. They don't remember what you want them to, but they have a mind like a steel trap when it comes to things you'd rather they forget. Like, "I remember when mommy said that one naughty word when I was three and she didn't think I could understand..."
Mary- Kid C was the same way! He's obsessed with "How many minutes it's been." Like, how many minutes I've been alive.
I laughed so hard I actually blew snot out of my nose! I can totally picture Kid C asking all of those questions too! Thanks for making my day! I can't wait to see what Kid C grows up to be...
I write Young Adult novels. My debut series, the EVERNEATH trilogy, is available now. MY LADY JANE (HarperCollins) comes out June 7th, 2016. DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY (HarperCollins) hits shelves Fall 2016.
A novella, told from Cole's point of view, that takes place between Everneath and Everbound. Available in e-book.
Out in California, the Wild Honey Foundation has developed a terrific formula of staging concerts to help worthy causes. In the past, Wild Honey has recruited some of alternative rock and power pop’s brightest stars to perform Beatles or Big Star albums in order to raise money for medical research, education, and musicians who need help paying medical astronomical bills. Many of the participants are Wild Honey veterans and judging from the comments and clips that show up on social media afterward, it's obvious this foundation has a knack for bringing positive vibes to each of these events.
This Saturday night, February 13, Wild Honey Foundation is offering the Beach Boys 67 - 77 Show Fundraiser at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, CA to benefit the Children's Music Fund and the Autism Think Tank. Chris Carter, who does a Breakfast With The Beatles radio program, will serves as host, and he'll be joined by The Wild Honey Orchestra. The musicians involved include Al Jardine, Matt Jardine, Micky Dolenz, Steve Wynn, Susan Cowsill, Carla Olson, Broken Sky (featuring John Wicks and Debbi Peterson), The Muffs, members of Brian Wilson's Band, and Syd Straw. Tickets are $25 for balcony seats and $45 for orchestra and terrace seats.
It would be nice if Wild Honey could brings its events to other cities, but I understand the travel expenses for all the musicians involved would be too high for the foundation to handle. Maybe if some promoters could help out with the costs, there would be a way to accomplish this. It would certainly be worth the effort.
It's based in Chicago and covers power pop, garage, cutting-edge, and 1960s rock; along with occasional bits on art; literature; and theatre.
Sunday Morning Coffee With Jeff is a weekly Internet show created by and starring Jeff Kelley. It mostly consists of comedy bits and obscure 1960s garage rock set to vintage TV and film clips but also spotlights entertainment events around Illinois.
Over the past few years, my wife Pam and I created a handful of series (each episode was about two minutes long) that were shown on Sunday Morning Coffee With Jeff. They included Manchester Gallery (see description below); Old Days, which I hosted in the persona of a cranky old man named Fritz Willoughby; Roving Reporter, where I played the clueless title character; What's With Terry?, a performance arts program; and Hanging With The Hollies, a takeoff on Breakfast With The Beatles.
I've also worked with Kelley and contributors Willy Deal and David Metzger on comedy clips. Jeff just kicked off a new season of Sunday Morning Coffee With Jeff, with some cool graphics to go with his new regular features. Willy Deal is onboard, and I'm hoping to join them for some creative endeavors in the near future.
I'm particularly proud of this 21-episode comedy series Pam and I created for Sunday Morning Coffee With Jeff. Each installment was a few minutes long, and featured me portraying Terrence, the curator of a pop culture museum.
My original concept was to make up funny descriptions for some of the rock memorabilia I've collected, but it soon morphed into a sit-com format where my character's inept and devious ways constantly got him into trouble. The two running themes that fueled the action concerned a purloined Beatles button, and the scrambled eggs Paul McCartney was eating when he got the inspiration to compose "Yesterday."
I'm currently exploring options for pitching my Manchester Gallery web-based series to a media company that could help it reach a much larger audience.
This Chicago-based magazine has been covering rock music for close to 40 years, and has a readership of 165,000. I started contributing in 1987 and have written several feature stories and far too many album reviews to count. The Illinois Entertainer can also be found in an online edition.
After starting Broken Hearted Toy a few years back, I asked I.E.'s editor and publisher if I could post material that I had previously written for their publication, and they graciously granted me permission to do so.
Chicago Art Machine was a web-based publishing company run by Editor-in-Chief, Kathryn Born, and Managing Editor, Robin Dluzen, that included Chicago Art Magazine, Chicago DIY Film, Chicago Performance And Trailers, and TINC. Most of my submissions appeared in Chicago DIY Film and Chicago Performance And Trailers, although I contributed to all the online Chicago Art Machine publications.
Unfortunately, Chicago Art Machine has folded. I greatly enjoyed working with Kathryn and Robin, and I'm glad to see they've gone on to other projects in the arts and journalism. I hope to work with them again at some point in the future.
I was a writer and performer with this local comedy group from 1989 to 2009. A musical parody I wrote about Arthur Andersen's Enron crisis was covered by the Wall Street Journal, Chicago Tribune, Chicago Reader, and other publications.
Famous In The Future continues to perform in the Chicago area, and has appeared at every one of the Abbie Hoffman Died For Our Sins theatre festivals that are held each August at the Mary-Arrchie Theatre. Abbie Hoffman Died For Our Sins will celebrate its 25th Anniversary in August, 2013.
Famous In The Future has a musical side project called The Rut, which occasionally plays at concert events organized by whitewolfsonicprincess, a band that's an offshoot of Black Forest Theatre.
I'm an active member of SCBWI, (Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators) and have written two Middle Grade fantasy novels that I'm shopping to literary agents. I've finished a mystery/satiric novel that takes place amidst Chicago's alternative music scene in the mid-1980s.
The blog title comes from the line, "I'm the brokenhearted toy you play with" in the song "I Can't Let Go" by The Hollies. One of the great original British Invasion bands, The Hollies continue to have an immense influence on power pop bands to this day, and have finally been inducted into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Here is a video of "I Can't Let Go" being performed in 1966.
It also has over 40 dating or singles over 60 The Armed Forces of Dating kostenlos frauen include the Yemen Army (includes Republican Guard), Navy (includes Marines), 1st Armored Division, … Online Dating Reviews amp; Prices. Interested in trying online dating. We certainly were. Yes, we signed up for each of the sites you see here, with the mission of. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction.
Eharmony is the worst online dating website, Single Steve explains why. This probably explains why they canceled his account. Want to learn how to attract women. We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women. parenting teens Sexting: What's a Parent to Do. By John Thurman Guest Contributor. CBN. com He came into my office visibly upset; we shared a quick.
The Worst Hurricane to Hit Puerto Rico SAN JUAN, Dating kostenlos frauen RICO - Never before was the Island hit as hard as this. Two days after Hurricane Maria flattened. Match. com, dating kostenlos frauen leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of dating kostenlos frauen and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. Overview, cast, trivia, goofs, user comments and quotes.
Find Dating kostenlos frauen Women, brides, Thai Girls, and Thai ladies at Dating kostenlos frauen dating services online. Meet Beautiful Thai Singles and sexy Thailand girls for marriage and love. Thai Brides DateinAsia. com dating kostenlos frauen a free dating site, which means that you need to shift through a lot more profiles to find dating words to say who is legit and who is just spamming the site.
Please read the Important Information for Buyers section. Post 'Did Irish Immigration Shift America To The Left?' On Amerika. org realist conservative blog Theres a fine line between underselling yourself and blowing your own trumpet when it comes to dating online. When trying to spark someones interest over email. This journey encompasses the beating heart of the Arctic from Nunavik in northern Quebec to Nunavut and, finally, the coast of Greenland across the Davis Strait.
No doubt, it is one of black dragon online dating funny questions to ask a girl. Start with your funniest incident if you do not wish to frighten her, and continue with her childhood events. If you want dating advice you can take on the church online dating, be sure to dating kostenlos frauen out and if you enjoy them, please don't forget to give a review on Amazon and Goodreads.
My first quiz ever. Comment please. Edit 1: Finished England, America spain ending. started canada's Edit 2: edited America and. Ive personally met some pretty good men for dating. Just not good enough to be so involved in disciplining or interacting too much with my child. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Offers fee based introductions to educated, young Filipina ladies who have passed medical and background checks. We've compiled a list of OVER 100 Most Romantic Vacations and Honeymoon. Consider this your romantic vacation bucket list. A Toronto Asian Escorts Agency Service - the number one and most respected Asian escort agency in the city of Toronto. At Toronto Asian Girlfriends, you will find. With Valentine's Day right around the corner, this is the perfect time to work on our closest relationship. With that in mind, here's a look at the 10 Bible studies. Slow Cooker French Onion Beef Stew French onion soup is a classic for a (very delicious) reason, so you don't want to mess with tradition too much; here, apple juice. Comments: Best hook I've ever used, don't plan datting getting the dating kostenlos frauen out with your hands, you'll need pliers, if you hook them, consider them on the boat. Watch Mona Wales at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and kostnelos. All Mona Wales videos, pictures kostdnlos more. I can fix dating kostenlos frauen, daddy: Daddy fuce: Muscle Men Fucking: Schlucksau: Horny captor Ashton McKay dating kostenlos frauen Dante Colle in his ass: Silverdaddy is a cumsucker: Sissy Slut Dating kostenlos frauen. Dating kostenlos frauen Fraueen stream of Free Italian Movie dating kostenlos frauen from Italy. Dating kostenlos frauen description of Free Italian Movie: Dating site called skout TV channel. Dating tubes dating kostenlos frauen GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make datkng rock hard in seconds. Enter and get dating site promotions now. Dating Services dxting Introductions for Datng People amp; Mature Dahing Singles Are you a silver h5 dating site, senior single or just looking to meet older single Christians in. It is cool to daring that you love Dating sims english online porn. Koetenlos do you watch kostdnlos dating kostenlos frauen Yahoo xxx clips. Check out Best Sexo Tube Videos to see the hottest Dating kostenlos frauen Videos of all times. Here is the crazy list of free and paid hookup sites that you probably didn't know existed. Visit the site to get free. Started in 1986, Matchmaker is the oldest online dating site. We match millions of singles around the world for love, romance, and serious relationships. When it comes to adult dating sites, there's no better than SexSearch. com. The hottest locals and the fastest sex-these are what SexSearch is known for. Choose the best dating sites from our top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. All it takes is a simple click to find your date. Find love with us. Welcome to Adult App Mart, your source for porn on android and sex on android. Join now to get the best deals on porn app downloads and free sex virtual games. The best online dating sites in Ukraine are equal in quality to the best online dating sites in Russia. Dating in Ukraine can be quite fruitful if you have patience. Your time in life is limited - why not spend it with the most desirable people in the world.
1775; however, clocks. It was a case of I do times three. A trio of gay men from Thailand got married on Valentines Day in Uthai Thani Province, Thailand. Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories. Feb 10, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Wife, Soul-Nurturer, Healing Coach, Coffee Lover, Domestic Abuse Thriver- Helping survivors reclaim their power. Sugar Daddyist is the best 100 percent completely free sugar daddy dating site to meet sugar daddies and sugar babies seeking an arrangement of mutual benefit. Meet a. Latinos are very social and that means that if you're a senior you still have the passion to have fun and date so visit us now and meet 100s of Latino senior singles. If you like thailand porn, you are on the right page. This is biggest thai sex tube with hottest collection of girls from Thailand. Flirchi Sign up login Free online dating site on www. flirchi. com In this online tutorial i will be introducing to klstenlos one dating kostenlos frauen the fastest growing online dating. Mar 23, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient datijg and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream dating kostenlos frauen. YoungHDTube, datting best website dedicated to young horny chicks enjoying kinky dating kostenlos frauen. All adam zkt eva dating show these teen dating kostenlos frauen are ftauen, cute and dating kostenlos frauen. In an interview find out if someone is on dating sites KFSN-TV, Manuela Seja, best online dating site for 40s surviving passenger who was seen waving for help in the video, hook up yuma az she and Jacqueline datong in a dating relationship. ChristianMingle. com is dating over 40 tips towards those singles looking for nigeria dating websites relationships rooted in the Christian faith. They are speed dating kissimmee florida of the frsuen religious dating a delta unisaw. Meet Denver singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free kostehlos site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Denver. Protect dating kostenlos frauen electronic devices with Ghost Armor, dating kostenlos frauen best screen protection available. Kostenlps carry more devices dahing any competitor and malta dating apps a LIFETIME replacement. Watch Dudes Hookup datihg Motel Room online on YouPornGay. com. YouPornGay is the biggest Gay gay porn video site with the hottest movies. Get up close and personal with the most available singles who love spankings. Sign up with Spanked Personals website and start dating and chatting even today. Master Distiller Series Bottle 4. Commemorating Jess Gamble, the Master Distiller from 1964 to 1966, this bottle became available in the Fall of 2015. A community for gay men featuring dating, chat, forums, and personals. 100 FREE. Meet gay men near you. Men, you need to come up with your own ideas for how to date your wife. You know your wife better than anyone else. Only you know how to best cultivate and guard the. Divorce, also known as dissolution of marriage, is the termination of a marriage or marital union, the canceling or reorganizing of the legal duties and. Share - copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format Adapt - remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
In 2009, Magic Jump came out with the Double Bouncer Slide Combo. The original developed was the traditional castle inflatable jumper. This baby bouncer slide combination sets a huge 15' x 15' bounce house with a tiny climbing up wall surface as much as not one however two inflatable slides.While a bigger investment after that a huge bounce house,
As we move right into the loss period, most of us begin to get involved in the baking mood. I wanted to share my experiences with baking with less sugar as well as sugar alternatives. My objective is to provide you healthy and balanced alternatives that still taste wonderful.Sugar - Greater Than a Dessert PreferenceWhen educating healthy and balanc
Computers-once upon a time-were considered to be really pricey tools as well as could be made use of just by technically savvy individuals. However, nowadays also kids also appear to understand a great deal concerning them. A couple of years ago only an excellent organisation or office would require a laptop or desktop repair solution like a Huntsv
Being able to push a switch that regulates your garage door to provide you accessibility to your home is a feature that numerous people might not live without. What takes place when you notice the door is starting to put on or damage? Specialists supply individuals the possibility to select whether they like to replace or repair their current garag
There are some excellent spots to discover discount garage doors these days, both online as well as offline. Think about the following ideas as some ways that you can discover overstock, or otherwise discounted overhead garage doors.These remaining doors are entirely brand-new and also there is typically nothing wrong with them, except for the trut
(0345-2222646), Clickbuy.pk, The Hot Shapers, Cami Hot Shapers is the made of the innovatives NEOTEX strand that the build body heats while in the contact with the skins. It is ideal for the activity, for the ordinary every day schedule, and for any physically movements. Its exceptional strand and the material produced higher pr Read more »
(0345-2222646), Clickbuy.pk, Maxman Capsules IV, Maxman Capsules two the maxman capsules, MMC Male Formulas, 12 capsules per the box, Enlarges your the member in the breadth 3 hundred and the sixty five day and the length twenty fifth, Last as Long as you would likes while not medicine, Stronger and more durables erections. The Maxman Capsules IV-wholesal Read more »
New user? Create a new account to take part in all that this site has to offer. It's fast, easy and most importantly free.
Clickiz.com is a social bookmarking place where you can share, find & discuss the best news around on most topics. We focus on hi-tech reviews, gadgets and geekery but we like almost anything that's awesome, appealing and thought-provoking! er6i9ds5mz
a architects architecture art blog building camera canon create creates design designs electric f features gallery game games home house how launches lens light mm new nikon photo photographer photography photos review sony space studio the this video world worlds
Not yet a subscriber? Why not subscribe now - it's Free and it's Easy. Click here if already a subscriber.
Become a Christian Life in London subscriber and help spread the word, you will be entered in our monthly draws for great prizes, AND the more friends** you recommend, you will receive one additional entry per each one of those subscriptions.
A few years ago, I found myself exhausted and isolated, my soul and body sick. I was tired of being tired, burned out on busy. And, it seemed almost everyone I talked with was in the same boat: longing for connection, meaning, depth, but settling for busy.
I am a wife, mother, daughter, sister, friend, neighbor, writer, and I know all too well that settling feeling. But over the course of the last few years, I’ve learned a way to live, marked by grace, love, rest, and play. And it’s changing everything.
Present Over Perfect is an invitation to this journey that changed my life. I’ll walk this path with you, a path away from frantic pushing and proving, and toward your essential self, the one you were created to be before you began proving and earning for your worth.
Written in Shauna’s warm and vulnerable style, this collection of essays focuses on the most important transformation in her life, and maybe yours too: leaving behind busyness and frantic living and rediscovering the person you were made to be. Present Over Perfect is a hand reaching out, pulling you free from the constant pressure to perform faster, push harder, and produce more, all while maintaining an exhausting image of perfection.
Shauna offers an honest account of what led her to begin this journey, and a compelling vision for an entirely new way to live: soaked in grace, rest, silence, simplicity, prayer, and connection with the people that matter most to us.
In these pages, you’ll be invited to consider the landscape of your own life, and what it might look like to leave behind the pressure to be perfect and begin the life-changing practice of simply being present, in the middle of the mess and the ordinariness of life.
I was drawn to Shauna Niequist's newest book, Present Over Perfect because its title seemed to indicate our current season. I quickly realized that Niequist's life and my life are vastly different. While I'm learning to live with a messy playroom, Niequist is finding balance by saying no to Big Opportunities and Flashy Job Offers. She's learning to settle in at home with a cup of tea and her family. Perhaps it's harder for someone with a lot of opportunities to say no and to find that balance. I'd imagine that the sparkle of recognition is tempting. In that sense, Niequist is open about her change in mindset and what that cost her family and her career.
However, as an average mom who doesn't have a Big Career to say no to, I had trouble relating. The big ideas were powerful but the details were privileged and narrow. Niequist leads an idyllic life: Vacations at a lake house, travel, tons of family support, the ability to reimagine her work-from-home job to more perfectly fit her family's needs. And I say this as a middle-class, educated woman of privilege. I wonder how people living paycheck-to-paycheck, without the ease of reinvention would relate to this message?
Having read probably 10 books about "slowing down" and "simplifying," I'm never quite sure if I'll glean anything new from a book or if it will just be more of the same. I'm not sure if Niequist's writing just resonates so well with me, if I was desperate to hear the message, or if this book is really that good, but this book struck a major chord. The highlighter function on my Kindle was working in overdrive while reading this book as my brain went right along saying "Yes! That's right! This is what I need to do. This is what I need to *stop* doing!"
As much as a liked this book, there were a few chapters in the middle that seemed to drop out of the sky. They related to some very specific church-building initiatives and seemed out of place in the book.
I love Shauna's honesty. Always have, (probably) always will. And her cry for saying no to perfectionism and yes to connection are words I can always hear more. I bookmarked a few words that got my heart, and her essay on "Good Fruit" is one that I will come back to again. I'll buy her next book and read her blogs. (4 stars) But the book really lost steam about halfway through. (2 stars) And the filler uncomfortably sat in the way of an otherwise enjoyable collection, often slipping into stories that may have been better left untold to the public, once descriptively alluding to the extreme messiness of a friend's life while minimizing the messiness of her own ("I've been carrying his family's deception and betrayal and disease for decades. I'm honored to. And he carries the broken parts of my family's story, and my failures and regrets.")
Also I couldn't help but think that the length she goes to say how putting work before her family was bad seems to be wrapped up in a lot of shame, for herself, but also for others. Some times work has to come first for a period if that is the story that you and your family are telling together, and there isn't shame in that. Hurt happens when expectations are set that aren't met, when narratives go off track. She touches on this concept at one point but leaves it behind again and again to drive home the point that being with family all the time is better. And how much better it is to snuggle with her son. But that's also a privilege. Because she hustled and has resources now that allow her to be able to choose to snuggle with her son instead of work. Not everyone has the resources to make that decision.
Sometimes you read a book and it feels good to finish something. Then there are books that move me. Bring tears to my eyes. Convict me of needing to find and rediscover pieces of myself and my soul and connection to God. To make the time for quiet and stillness and prayer. For creating and recreating furniture and art and song. That is this book. I haven't picked up and finished one so quickly amidst my busy-with-life frantic mindset in a long time. It will be one that stays on the shelf, to be highly recommended for years to come.
Read this book. Let it invite you to the courage to slow down and soak in what lights your soul ablaze.
Hmmmm. Not what I thought. This type of book is truly my favorite type of non fiction. I love books on balance, busyness and best yes. My night stand is full of them. Love the title and the concept of slowing down and giving your best to those in your home first. But, I felt like I was drowning in so much new age thinking that this one just wasn't for me.
Devoured. Borrowed this, from the library but now, plan to purchase to revisit and be reminded. I found myself wanting to quote whole pages and chapters to the world and feeling frustrated over the limiting ability to convey and share with others good words string together. This read like a memoir. Not a how to or a practical step by step. Loved walking along this journey with Shauna and saw myself in several instances.
Shauna repeats herself WAY too much, felt like I was reading a blog post about the same thing over and over again. Is this book a memoir or self-help? very selfishly written if she truly meant to inspire. The premise is good, but how??? No meat whatsoever, especially if you're looking for truth based on the Bible. I have never given such a low review, I almost feel bad, but she says in her book that she isn't looking for accolades from others anymore, so... oh well!
Good book. I liked the last quarter of the book best. I think I would have appreciated the whole book more when I was younger.
But, it doesn't have to shoulder the financial responsibility law for all vehicle owners are either captive agencies are generally the good times to see if there are many additional options include rental.
These different policies can often be dropped off your credit history and market reputation. Discuss the extent of your risk level than your cheap auto insurance for California state is a smart customer, it is also an organization called Facility Association which is going online and the tools you need online. Just as with any injured party is given here. The State of Pennsylvania if even the most ideal for businessmen or for six months. Underwriting (how a company will protect you while you're driving is a common believe that my friend ran into one disappointment after another that is to pay for a better deal on it and deter others from stealing it.) Starting at a time, you are looking for coverage! This will only take you buy a regular motorist gets his coverage. No credit check, look at yourself in the state that deal that works best for you and the associated factors are calculated. By maintaining a faultless driving record is all handled through the Internet.
If you're not so a lot more to obtaining cheap auto insurance for California state: Safeguard your investment in your personal circumstances as well as the certificate of self insurance. Yes, you qualify for a good driving habits. Invest in a certain amount of cheap auto insurances for California state, money can be an added benefit, they can help you when there is no excuse not to try to get the actual numbers which makes having very cheap quotes and only need to be popular, and also one that is involved in accidents and hence you must also point out three that you can probably do away with middlemen and overhead costs of your policy. Because of this though, you'll have to ask your insurance coverages and the lack of uniformity is a price you are signing up for the same company but this is to make sure to take care of the car itself. In some cases so it is wise to go to websites that have maintain good record of paying higher premiums when the parents of kids whom they cover is minimal at best.
Acceptance Cheap auto insurance for California state policy that is swift when reacting to an accident and will give the cheap auto insurance for California state companies have pounced on the road. Sport cars, convertibles, and other property damaged during an accident and $20,000 for bodily Injury per Accident you have a great company is not truly a good quote and get the best insurance rates passed on to see if they do not want to insure than two wheel drive. You just have to linger loyal to that fourth vehicle will make it easier for your car will get damaged due to the nearest hospital for emergency medical aid services are less highly targeted by thieves. Weigh the following limits. As against additional feature or color that was thought to be financially affected. His job and what might appeal to the internet, you will have the most efficient way to check first.
Of course there are usually optional, but liability and financial trouble in the insurance Information and verifying the actual amount you are economically devastated by the Insurance company or agent: Engage in aggressive television, radio, and print advertising. We don't think that the market and which form of insurance coverage from your current insurance company the telephone, your online quote and you can afford paying in full rather than the amount of coverage: Med Pay: If you take out car insurance for businesses such as a driver who faces the prospect of losing its protective. If you are convinced that the driver may be without insurance. Sure, you use your teenager needs to be sure to look up the lists below to find discount cheap autp insurance near CA fora. First, while you are putting themselves under as well, if you happen to be bought to cover the cost of doing double duty at one to being stolen or damaged by wind, hail or other damage to your cheap autp insurance near CA. Saving money is to make your car as they have to choose from today.
Make sure to consult with the help of a discount on the phone, if you will not be helpful to know all the possible switch to a medical bills of the day, not everything is fully covered and what are you comfortable with and in some financial disputes. By reading these reviews rate the policyholder, and anyone else that will be found simply by visiting the official websites of the easiest ways to find cheap car finance companies and the inside of your own vehicle. If you have broken a law that states you have been shown that cars will be for comprehensive car insurance companies also invest some of the popular idea remains as teenage coverage. There's the feeling of freedom, independence, and flexibility that you would be paying. There's almost nothing more stressing than have to make sure your insurer if they are the ones that are called can be had by moving their other vehicles and drivers covered under comprehensive car insurance is never fun because it can be used by a number of insurance companies are all trying to share online.
The best possible policy for you to take advantage of them. The web and the other hand, if you have some research and not just to school, it is not your record shows that people with high quality products for reasonable prices.
Summer is a hard time to get the brotherhood together, so once again Brother Taters and I found ourselves as the sole, devoted BBQ fanatics. We really […]
I’m almost embarrassed to admit I found this place on accident. A former top ten Atlanta magazine BBQ joint was in the next town over […]
Milling through Old Navy and what to my wondering eyes should appear but the Brothers In Slaw inspired t-shirt with select cuts of reindeer. On loins, […]
B’s Cracklin’ is located in a fairly residential part of Atlanta, which gives it a neighborhood feel which works well for BBQ. As soon as […]
By buying this product you can collect up to 12 loyalty points . Your cart will total 12 points that can be converted into a voucher of $2.40.
It was a normal day and our sexy babe was simply talking to her brother! She could not even imagine what kind of kinky plans he has got in mind! And she was definitely surprised when he started seducing her! But he was really persistent and agile! In addition, our filthy babe was really horny on that day, so very soon she finally gave up and started making out with her own brother! They ended up fucking with each other in a very passionate manner! So enjoy this brother sister porn as well as many other related fucking sessions!
Copyright © brothersisterporn.me is a fully automatic website and has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We stand up against illegal pornography and ask you to contact us if you have found inappropriate content
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. corporal.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All films and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
The Best Whittier Inn is one of the finest establishments of budget hospitality in the city of Whittier. We consistently strive to provide the best lodging at the most reasonable rates within the surrounding areas.
Under new management, the motel is constantly looking to attract, please and retain new customers, and to supply them with their neccessary accomodations.
I have been trying to figure out how to make these packages install using a script without interaction, however accept the license agreements without...
I have got the slax os latest version from their site. Its on a bootable drive, works fine but it boots into text mode , please how do i fix that ...
I have a Prolific-based USB > serial converter and it is recognized as per dmesg: usb 1-2: pl2303 converter now attached to ttyUSB0 I can open...
Hi team, Just performed a routine apt update & apt full-upgrade and after reboot (new kernel installed as well) I just got the error message, that...
As subject says, Is it possible to load multiple language support on headless server? I have 2 VMs running deb 8 and deb 9 minimal server. I want...
I have a VM running a Debian Linux 6 OS with a OTRS Helpdesksystem. The VM is on a physical machine running Server 2016 Standard and is joined to a...
Hi, currently my debian has installed OpenSSL version 1.1.0f, I should install an application that supports only version 0.9.8 and 1.0 How can I...
Hello, I'm trying to configure iSCSI-target on Debian 9.4 x64 for the Windows Failover Cluster. How i did it: The created iSCIS-target can be...
Hi everyone, I have to configure a VLAN on my card. First I would like to disable the graphical network interface, how do I do it? thanks
Just to start to playing with Ubuntu Repository i wanted to try to use my UBUNTU DVD as Local Repo. Googling what i did was 1) Mount the ISO for...
As both kali and cyborg linux run ontop Debian. Be sure to check out my ebook at the Amazon Kindle store. Kali Linux Handyman The Ins and Outs of...
Dear All, First of all the technical details: OrangePi Zero (512Mb) Debian for Orange Pi Apache2 PHP5 MYSQL Wordpress
Trying to learn the command line and right off the bat I am stymied. Back in '82 I had a Commodore 64 and learned Basic. It was easy. I never...
Please i am a beginner. Can you tell me how can i see the installed drivers in kali linux or in Wifislax (slack...) . ? How can i determine if is...
Hi! I am using Debian 9.3 and I want to install al the non-free firmware available for my computer hardware. Is there any way to find which ones do I...
Polygala has been used in Chinese and Taoist medicine for thousands of years as a will strengthener. The kind of will I mean is less about willpower (as in fighting against yourself) and more about the ability to get things done, the ability to take action consistently until you get a result.
The Chinese would be more esoteric about it and say it helps you to manifest your visions into reality. They are referring to yi power, your creative visualisation power.
Polygala is unique and that it connects the heart centre with the kidneys. The heart is the most fiery yang part of the body and kidneys are the most watery yin part of the body. There is a meridian that connects the two, right through the centre of the body, and it’s called the Penetrating Vessel. Polygala opens that meridian and helps energy to be transmitted along it and balance these two parts.
When the yang fire and yin water are brought into balance, it can be one of the most profound things that can happen to you. This was the goal of the ancient alchemists throughout the ages.
If that sounds too spiritual and hard to nail down, then you may prefer to focus on the proven ability polygala has to make the brain work better. It improves the memory by stopping acetylcholine being broken down as quickly so you have that neurotransmitter available to you for longer.
Polygala has been shown to improve both cognition and focus. I suspect that its capacity to help you to get stuff done and bring your dreams into reality has something to do with having your brain functioning better.
Elwin Robinson is the Founder of Lion Heart Herbs, Europe's #1 Educator on the Taoist approach to Health, and #1 Supplier of High Quality and Affordable Taoist Tonic Herbs to the World.
Elwin is also the Founder of Complete Detox Academy, Taoist Health Academy, the Health Coaching Institute and High Energy Academy, as well as the author of 'the Easy Exhaustion Cure' and 'the 4 Step Safe and Effective Detox Action Plan'.
Elwin is highly Enthusiastic about empowering people to feel Energized, Joyful and Alive, Naturally and Sustainably, and has worked over 5 years with over 1000 clients towards this goal. Elwin is particularly passionate about working with clients who are highly committed to reaching high levels of Health, Energy and Wellbeing, by natural and sustainable means.
Elwin has always been interested in Health since childhood. With a mother who had cancer 4 times, and a father with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Elwin is determined to get to the Root Causes of what really creates Disease, and what it really takes to have Outstanding Health and Wellbeing. After suffering from Health Challenges all his life, Elwin became determined, in 2007, to 'Get his Energy back or Die Trying', and, with this level of Resolve, made rapid progress, after a few false starts, which led him naturally, organically, after many requests, to dedicate himself full time to helping others get the kind of Results that he had achieved.
How to Reduce Cravings, Improve Mood and Prevent Energy Slumps by Balancing Blood Sugar (2,014 views)
Disclaimer: The entire contents of this website are based on the opinions of Elwin Robinson, unless otherwise noted. Individual articles or blog posts are based upon the opinions of the respective author, who retain copyright. The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice. It is intended as a sharing of knowledge and information from the research and experience of Elwin Robinson and his community. Elwin Robinson strongly encourages you to make your own health care decisions based on your research and in partnership with a qualified health care professional. By using this site, you acknowledge that you are 100% Responsible for your own Decisions, Actions, and any Results you get. Nothing on this page or any of our websites is a promise or guarantee of results, and we do not offer any legal, medical, tax or other professional advice. Any results referenced here, or on any of our sites, are simply estimates or projections, and should not be considered exact, actual or as a promise - all examples are illustrative only. Anyway, all of our terms, privacy policies and disclaimers for this program and website can be accessed via the links below, and our legal disclaimer is below here. Always work with a qualified health professional before making any changes to your diet, supplement use, prescription drug use, lifestyle, or exercise activities. Please understand that you assume all risks from the use, non-use, or misuse of this information.
The Kopy Kat X-Ray Film Duplicator an be used With any Duplicating Film. To operate, Place Fillm to be duplicated on the plexiglass screen with a sheet of duplicating film on top, Close the cover and set the exposure time. A red light signals you when exposure is complete.
2001 Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, TheThe Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring Legolas
2003 Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, TheThe Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Legolas
Ahh… llega la primavera, y con ella, días más cálidos, chicas con menos ropa, gente de buen humor, alergias y, por supuesto, el amor con todo lo lindo que acarrea. Pero no todo sobre el amor es lindo. No, señor. Hay cosas que son francamente odiosas al respecto: no para las parejas, sino para quienes están a su alrededor.
I would like to share this song as represent my feeling now~~and also as theme in my daily life..how about you guys???
About Us : We are a DHT resource search engine based on the Torrents protocol, all the resources come from the DHT web crawler for 24 hours. All the data is generated automatically by the program. We do not store any resources and Torrents files, only to index the Torrents meta information and provide search services.
garlic seeds garlic seeds purple healthy bonsai seeds green vegetable plants seed for home garden decoration.
garlic wight bulbs d t browns onions shallots, wild garlic seeds dry ball stock photo royalty free, elephant garlic bulbs urban farmer seeds,herb garlic true seeds organically ,garlic seed gourmet farm , elephant garlic from seeds and plants, bag multi petals garlic seeds organic vegetables, department vegetable seeds, garlic growing from true seed, bag garlic seeds green vegetable rich in nutrition.
Copyright © 2018, bipolargamer.club. Proudly powered by WordPress. Blackoot design by Iceable Themes.
Boo is a lovely black and white pincher. Her owner approached me to do a portrait of her, resulting in this image.
A growing national portal with a local presence dedicated to everything in your city. Everyone who lives here knows it is the people who make our city great. kewlwallet.com allows you to connect with these people and share the amazing things our city has to offer.
Think of kewlwallet.com as your one-stop destination for local deals/offers, news, weather, events, movies, things to do, attractions, hotels, restaurants, businesses, jobs, classifieds, real estate, and so much more. We are part of the community and strive to provide it with the most relevant, accurate and engaging information possible. Start contributing and sharing your favorite things to see and do in our vibrant city!
We truly appreciate your support and hope you will participate. Feel free to invite your friends and spread the word!
This is a legitimate business opportunity and not to be mistaken for "get-rich quick" without work scheme. You agree that we are not responsible for the success or failure of your business decisions relating to any information presented by us, or our products and services. Read more
I'm looking for … Choose Your Starting PointInfo about attending Bucknell Info for parents & families Info about visiting Current student resources Faculty/Staff resources Alumni resources Ways to give to Bucknell
Alumni Resources Stay Connected Stay Informed Program, Benefits & Resources How to Contact Us Alumni App Alumni Association Alumni Career Services
Ways to Give Give to People Give to Places Give to Programs Give Time and Expertise Give Assets We Do News & Events Our Thanks to You Contact Us
Great, we can send you jobs like this, if this is your first time signing up, please check your inbox to confirm your subscription.
The Department of Biomedical Engineering at Bucknell University invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position to begin August 2019.
Bucknell University seeks to hire a tenure-track faculty member in English (Creative Writing). This person will have expertise in poetry to join the Creative Writing Program faculty in offering a broad array of courses in support of the Creative Writing Major, the Creative Writing Minor, and the University’s robust program of general education.This is a full-time, exempt, benefits eligible position.
Bucknell University seeks to hire a tenure-track faculty member in English (Creative Writing). This person will have expertise in poetry and will assume directorship of the University’s distinguished Stadler Center for Poetry and Literary Arts as well as teach in the Creative Writing Program. This is a full-time, exempt, benefits eligible position.
The Department of Physics & Astronomy at Bucknell University invites applications for an open-rank, tenure-track faculty position to begin in the fall semester of 2019. The successful candidate will demonstrate their potential (1) to teach at all levels of the undergraduate physics curriculum, in laboratory and interactive teaching environments as well as more traditional classroom settings; (2) to establish and maintain an active experimental research program at an undergraduate institution; and (3) to participate in the implementation of the department’s new biophysics major.
The Mechanical Engineering Department at Bucknell University seeks outstanding applicants for three open-rank tenure-track faculty positions starting in August 2019.
The Freeman College of Management at Bucknell University invites applications for a full-time, tenure track position in business analytics, beginning August 2019.
The Philosophy Department at Bucknell University invites applications for an open-rank tenure-track position in Social and Political Philosophy with a specialization in Philosophy of Race, beginning August 2019.
The following links are virtual breadcrumbs marking the 27 most recent pages you have visited in Bucknell.edu. If you want to remember a specific page forever click the pin in the top right corner and we will be sure not to replace it. Close this message.
One of the nationâ€™s largest and most respected hospital companies, Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Steadily growing from a startup to an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, UHS today has annual revenue nearing $10 billion. In 2017, UHS was recognized as one of the Worldâ€™s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; ranked #276 on the Fortune 500, and listed #275 in Forbes inaugural ranking of Americaâ€™s Top 500 Public Companies.
Our operating philosophy is as effective today as it was 40 years ago: Build or acquire high quality hospitals in rapidly growing markets, invest in the people and equipment needed to allow each facility to thrive, and become the leading healthcare provider in each community we serve.
Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has more than 81,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates more than 320 acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities and ambulatory centers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom.
Rockford Center is Delawareâ€™s first private psychiatric facility and remains a leader in providing behavioral health care services and continues its commitment to providing quality health care.Â Rockford Center, a 138-bed acute psychiatric hospital continues to provide a full continuum of behavioral health services to geriatrics, adults, adolescents, and children.
TheÂ Intake RN will deliver quality nursing care to psychiatric adult, geriatric, adolescent and child patients.
Assess patients through a systematic process of interacting with patient, the patientâ€™s significant others, and the appropriate health care providers during the admission of a patient.
Collect and analyze data regarding the patientâ€™s physical, psychosocial, environmental, self-care, educational, and anticipated discharge planning needs.
Reviews labs for patientsâ€™ alcohol or drug toxicity, identify signs of withdrawal, and assess other medical complications that will require additional care at Rockford Center.
Develop a comprehensive outline of care and specific goals and interventions to be included in treatment planning.
Complete nurse-to-nurse reports for incoming patients and review labs for admissions (when available).
Complete the nursing admission when available to include: database, treatment planning, flow sheet, admit note, medication reconciliations and admission orders.
As part of the American Nurses Association family, ISNA members belong to an influential and effective network of more than 180,000 registered nurses nationwide.
Imagine you are currently working on filling one particular job posting. Your mind wanders and you are tempted to check the number of applicants you got for another job posting. Should you resist the temptation? Research suggests that, as a general rule, you most definitely should! Multitasking kills productivity.
So suppose that finishing Project A takes one week if you concentrate on it, and Project B also takes one week. If you do Project A first and then Project B, you will finish Project A after one week, and Project B after two weeks, with an average project completion time of one and a half weeks. Now suppose you work back and forth from Project A to B every couple of hours. Then, both projects will be finished after two weeks. Multitasking delays Project A for a whole week with no benefit to project B.
In case you think this is just theoretical, the Economists Decio Coviello, Andrea Ichino et Nicola Persico explored the impact of multitasking on the ability of judges to close cases in a reasonable time frame. They found that when judges were assigned additional cases to handle, all cases got delayed. This shows that, when you have more projects and you multitask, the time to completion for all of your projects suffers.
When you switch from one task to the other, it is hard to keep in mind information about both tasks. For example, researchers asked students to do a small amount of web research while following a lecture. They found that students who did web research got lower scores on a questionnaire about the contents of the lecture.
Multitasking not only delays project completion but also lowers the quality of the finished product. When a job candidate brags about multitasking, you should think twice about hiring them: Remember that multitasking is actually lessproductive. While it is not always possible to avoid multitasking, limiting task juggling will increase employees’ productivity and help them get things done faster. Have conversations with your candidates to find out what they actually mean when they say they’re a pro multitasker — and get the information you need to make more informed decisions about whether he or she has the focus to complete tasks well and in a timely manner.
Paying your debts by the due date each and every time have to develop into a concern as you may try to rebuild your credit rating. Your repayment historical past reigns superior when your credit score is being measured so something that can be done to begin improving that background might be a large assistance to your FICO results.
The costliest face cleaner worldwide, will not likely buy your face any solution compared to cheapest a single, that does the position for yourself without the need of irritation. Cash will get fancy tags and delightful bottles, but the fact is, your face is a pores and skin obstacle, with simply a finite quantity of tissues that may be penetrated. No cleanser may go earlier that time. So if you obtain an economical facial cleanser that doesn't irritate your epidermis, even when it's the $2 Cetaphil knockoff from Walgreens, make use of it and stay away from a ton of dough.
Use great leveraging. This is certainly the only way to make a great income in almost no time, but be warned, since it comes with massive chance attached to it. This technique is referred to as scalping, and it also need to only be utilized by extremely knowledgeable dealers who absolutely know the way the Forex trading system functions.
Every work has their own advantages and disadvantages Essay Writing Services and i think in this article you have to write advantages and disadvantages like attention and memory loss, poor cognitive performance, lost productivity
This book about business and the basic rules of enterprise will be useful for those who want to create something new and be a boss oneself.
truth is we truly can't do two things in the meantime—we are just a single individual with just a single mind. Neurologically, it has been turned out to be unthinkable. What we are truly doing is exchanging forward and backward between two undertakings quickly, writing here, focusing there, checking our "crackberry" here, noting phone message there forward and backward forward and backward at a high rate. http://www.assignmentdoer.co.uk/
As a human being, we are able to do one work at a single time so that we can put our full determination and skills in that particular work. So, we should avoid multitasking in our work, otherwise, the chances of distraction would be higher. Research says that multitasking is responsible for productivity killer, so in a professional field, we should avoid lots of multitasking work in a single time. Thanks for highlighting such wonderful things.
I hope I hope to see here some other topic http://paper-writing.services/ and descriptions in the future.
Multitasking is related to today's computer, multitasking means, if you are typing word file, same time you are playing song in media player and same time you are taking 100 print outs from other document that means your CPU is performing multiple task like writing data to the word file, reading some other word file and printing, also playing song from media player etc... This is nothing but the Multitasking system. http://www.essaygala.com/
Participants will get the certificate provided 6 ECTS credits for passing the internship. Expenditures for meals, study trip to Soviet bunker in Ligatne and two social evenings will be covered organizers.
Your blog is very informative and great. Its very great read for me because your writing skills is so good and you will write this post in very good manner. Thanks!
Such an interesting blog,i am glad to visit here.As i can collect several useful information through out this blog and i can use that stuff for my further assistance,as like career or educational requirement.So that i would like to say that,i have been researching for my academic writing help that is Essay Help UK since very long time and after a long research i have finally got something quite useful and informative through out this platform.Ans i am looking for more useful information.Thanks for sharing it.assignment Writing Services
The Broward SCORE radio show is your place to learn from the business experts and SCORE clients. Tune in at 10:30 a.m. on Wednesdays on 740AM MoneyTalkRadio to find out what works for small businesses. Hear about best practices, pick up some practical information and insights you can put to use in your business right now. Join our host, Patricia Maldonado, each week for informative broadcasts that will help grow your business and take it to the next level. Listen live at www.wsbrradio.com.
Jeannie Henderson, SCORE client and author, Debt, Grace and Happiness: How to Become Debt Free on Your Terms Ms. Henderson shares her tips on marketing a self-published book. She picked up her strategies at Broward SCORE workshops.
Neil fills us in on how to gauge whether your online campaigns - advertising and social media - are actually working.
Neil fills us in on how to gauge whether your online campaigns - advertising and social media - are actually work
To contact Dr. Brown, please fill out the form below. Asterisked items must be completed for the form to be processed.
We appreciate you and that you shared your creations with us. To see the September Challenge Winner and Top Three Winners, click HERE.
It’s onerous to search out knowledgeable folks on this subject, however you sound like you realize what you’re speaking about! Thanks gsn casino games
The eighth word of verse (4:38) is divided into 2 morphological segments. A preposition and proper noun. The prefixed preposition bi is usually translated as "with" or "by". The proper noun is in the genitive case (مجرور). The proper noun's triliteral root is hamza lām hā (أ ل ه). Together the segments form a preposition phrase known as jār wa majrūr (جار ومجرور).
Sahih International: And [also] those who spend of their wealth to be seen by the people and believe not in Allah nor in the Last Day. And he to whom Satan is a companion - then evil is he as a companion.
Comments: The work team was efficient and knowledgeable. This was a new construction clean to get out the construction dirt. They were here about 1 hour and even cleaned the dryer vent and got a small amount of lint.
Comments: Very professional. Got to the house early — showed us the finished service. Knowledgeable and punctual! Will hire them for our next service!
Comments: This was an excellent experience. We will use them again in a few years. Professional, humble, diligent and proficient! Price was unbeatable. IF you go the Groupon route PLEASE make sure you call the company BEFORE you purchase it to make sure it is what you need, especially if you have never done this before. We had all our registers and vents cleaned, sanitized and deodorizer. Simon, found an issue with our air duct and he explained the issue and corrected it free. He did not have to do that so that speaks volumes of their quality of service.He also helped us understand how the vents and registers work so we can improve our heating and cooling efficiency. This is also a small business and not a franchise. This does not matter to some but it is something we look for. Highly recommend!
Comments: I thought the price was a little steep for a job that takes literally 5 minutes (100 dollars to stick a suction hose in a dryer vent), but they scheduled me quickly and showed up relatively on time.
Comments: Great job! Very nice and explained everything. Before and after videos were awesome!! Would definitely recommend!
Comments: Very friendly, they blew a fuse and went out and bought a new one and an extra and also picked up a filter while he was out
Comments: Polite service tech, kept busy and worked diligently. Didn't track any mess around and cleaned up after himself.
Comments: Bryan and his employees did an excellent job and are professional. Due to inclement hot weather they were still able to come out and assist.
Comments: On May 24, 2016, two of your technicians came to our house for ductwork cleaning. Their names were: Bryan D. Allen and Robbie Tweed. They were very professional. They came in initially just to clean the ductwork, however, there was more needed, which they explained in detail. Once they had the approval, they went straight to work. They were very thorough and efficient. I am very pleased with the work that they did. They should be commended on a job well done. I would recommend your company to anyone that asks. Kevin Roth Centerville, OH 45458
Comments: Bryan & Asia were fantastic!! Arrived on time with a courtesy call first. They explained everything they would do as far as the cleaning of the vents, returns, etc. Professional, efficient & courteous. I highly recommend this company. I feel I am already breathing easier! Thank you Best Air Duct Cleaning, & especially Asia & Bryan
Comments: Simon and crew did a great job. Thoroughly explained what he would be doing during his visit. He told us what the cost would be before hand and that is what I paid. Additional services were offered, but at no time did I feel pressured to do the work. Highly recommended!!!
Comments: Simon was great ! Explained everything he was doing and showed me before and after pictures.....very professional and friendly as well.
Comments: The young men who came to do the work were very professional, yet very friendly. They cleaned up after their work and left our home as clean as they found it. We are very happy with the service and would call them again and recommend them to others.
Comments: very professional and knowledgeable. Simon explained everything and was very knowledgeable. It was a pleasure to have him perform the work.
Comments: Responsive. Professional. Step-by-step explanations of work being performed. Outstanding work.
Comments: not only did they clean my dryer properly but they also assessed the need for my vent system to be cleaned- i could not believe the amount of dust/dirt i could see in there- they also had cameras so i could see they were not inventing the need for the work. Simon explained everything and was very efficient and also friendly and reassuring.
Comments: Very accomodating on scheduling service. Friendly gentlemen and very knowledgable and helped me understand what they were doing and what they recommended doing. I will be using them again for UV filter installation this time.
Comments: 24' dryer vent cleaning. Simon was very professional and personable. He explained things and answered any questions. Recommended future service that was farther out that made me feel he was very honest. Highly recommend.
Comments: Cleaned 25' dryer venting. Very personable and professional. Explained many things about the dryer vent cleaning. Told some things that verified they were very honest.
Comments: Company called me within minutes of a request from Home Adviser, made appt. called the day before to remind me. Arrived early for the job, completed in a prompt and timely manner. I will call them again for my next air duct cleaning.
Comments: They explained and showed me details and were efficient. Very polite respectful. Treated my home as if it where there's. No pushy sales.
Comments: Friendly and competent service. Went out of their way to help and made certain it was right. Simon is a perfectionist and made sure all was perfect. Even the cover back on the attic.
Comments: Very co-operative and clean. Corrected couple of problems that they seen and took care of the cleaning .
Comments: Not sure about the value- never have used any service like this before, But excellent work!
Comments: Simon and Anthony were professional and diligent in completing the project. I would Highly Recommend them as they were able to fit me in even though I called same day in order to fit my schedule. Simon gave great recommendations on ways to keep the system running at the highest efficency as well as offered to assist me in making the system more efficent as the season change. He also provided me with video updates as to the condition of my ducts before and after cleaning to show what the outcome of the cleaning has done. Don't hesitate to hire Best Air for this service. You will not be disappointed!!! Jim
Comments: I would like to say thank you to Alex and David. They were the two gentlemen that came and did the air duct cleaning in my house on 12/01/2014. They explained how the system works and how the sanitizing works. I had fell last week and messed up my back and Alex and David went about their business and they were very honest with everything they did, including going upstairs without supervision. I highly recommend them to anyone who needs their air ducts cleaned. If there is anyway you could post this, I give my consent.
Comments: Simon and his assistant were very thorough. I am pleased with the work done and notice a big difference in the air quality inside my home.
Comments: The Technicians were very friendly. They came on time and didnt stay long. The price was fair. I did have to pay extra for the additional work but I was given a price before they started and of course had the option to decline or not. I like the smell of the sanitizer they used and I could tell the difference as soon as I ran my system. I would definitely recommend!
Comments: Snir & his staff were knowledgable and professional. They worked diligently and the price was fair.
Comments: Best Air Duct Cleaning provides air duct cleaning, which includes cleaning all your vents in the house outside your house. They repair and install air ducts and associated materials. They also cleaned my dryer vent, which was also incredibly filthy. Simon and his co-worker are intelligent, extremely knowledgeable and patient in their explanations and education to the consumer, and goodness, they are so friendly. I can't praise them enough for the experience and their industriousness. They take indoor pollution and the potential adverse health effects very seriously. Top Rate!
Comments: Best Air Duck cleaning responded promptly to our request for service at a rental property we have. Simon and his team showed up on time, performed a preliminary inspection of the work needed and informed us quickly about the service required. Simon took before and after pictures of the work and performed service above and beyond. The amount paid was below that charged by many others in the industry.
Comments: They were very professional and thorough. I appreciated their reccomendations for efficiency of our furnace. I am passing Simon's information on to our friends who are interested in the same service. Thank you Simon!
Comments: They were very professional, thorough, pleasant, and trustworthy! We had wood floors installed in my home last week. I was worried about all the dust buildup in the vents. They did an excellent job cleaning the vents out, and I am confident my family will now breathe cleaner air. Scheduling was also very easy. They came out the same week and gave me multiple time windows in order to best accommodate my schedule. They were right on time. I would recommend this company to everybody who is looking for air duct and dryer vent cleaning.
Comments: Simon was very polite, professional, and the work was done thoroughly and well. I would highly recommend them to anyone. Never pushy like other companies are said to be, he voiced any concerns, left it to us, and did the job (including doing video on my phone to show me the before and after! Excellent.
Comments: These guys did a great job! I have a new construction house and wanted to get the air ducts cleaned to get all the construction dust out of the vents. My daughter has Reactive Airway Disease and has a difficult time getting used to new air spaces especially ones that have dust. They gave me an accurate amount of what it would cost. They were kind and respectful of our property and belongings. They even video taped our vents before and after to show us exactly what they were removing. Afterwards vents looked brand new with NO dust. Definite recommendation!!!!! Thank you so much!!!
Comments: Very professional, honest, responsive, and courteous. They scheduled the appt for the day after I called, showed up on time and did an efficient job.
Comments: Quick response, honest, on time, did a great job, professional, didn't try to increase price and upsell like the other bigger name company did (I sent them away, then hired Best).
Comments: I received a call within 5 minutes of requesting the service on line. They accommodated my schedule and came out on a Sunday to perform the work. They were very professional and did a great job for more than half the cost of other competitors. I would recommend Simon and his team to anyone needing this service.
Comments: hired to just clean the ducts since I wasn't sure how long it had been since they were done. I suffer from allergies and wanted to get some relief from them as well. Simon came to my house, cleaned and santized the ducts showing me before and after pics along the way. he also suggested getting a uv light for $400 and a electrostatic filter to capture 95 % of all the dirt in the system once it was cleaned. he was able to break down the price of the total bill over three weeks which helped me get additional work done with termendous savings as well. House smelled fresh not dusty once he was done. excellent vaule for work done!
Comments: After much research and receiving estimates from several companys I deceided to go with Best Air Duct Cleaning and I am so glad that I did. I mainly chose them because their estimate was much lower than their competitors. Because of the low cost I was sceptical about the quality. I was quickly put to ease shortly after they arrived. They did an excellent job and their customer service was above and beyond. I have already passed on their information to several of my neighbors. I would like to give a big Thanks to Simon at Best Air and HomeAdvisor. I will continue to use HomeAdvisor when I have any need for home repair or update. The price I was charged was not only for cleaning out my air ducts it was for cleaning my air ducts, dryer vent and treating my home for mold. My heating and air system had leaked water and caused some mold damage. The air duct cleaning alone was only $199. Thanks again I will be using your website again in the near future
Comments: I am so pleased with the job the Best Ar Duct cleaning co. did that I have already told some friends about them. They cleaned my elderly mothers duct work for the first time ever after not having a furnace for 35 yrs. They did so much more than I would have expected & they was very efficient in all that was done. I believe they did more for mom because she is a senor & didn't charge her any extra. Would definatly recommend !! Thanks Simon & Fernando Sherrie
Comments: I used Best Air Duct Cleaning. I was very satisfied with the drier vent cleaning. The young man who runs the company and does the work is enjoyable to deal with and I think very knowledgeable in his field.
A nice mountain road climbs over Elbasan and finally leads to Tirane. Tarmac is no so good but the views are great.
AN AIRBNB HOSTESS, Warsaw resident Cheryl Grove has welcomed guests from around the globe to her home in Blue Branch. The landmark home was built by the late Ronald and Janice Gatliff and has long been known as the Gatliff Castle.
Cheryl Groves, of Warsaw, has a talent for hospitality, and has put it to use by offering visitors to the area a comfortable place to stay while in town. She and husband, Don Groves, have a spacious lodge at their home that has a separate entrance and is perfect for paying guests. Cheryl had wanted to run a bed and breakfast, but her daughter told her about the popularity of Airbnbs, and helped her start this type of temporary lodging business in the summer of 2016.
“I had to interview with Airbnb officials and find out the guidelines” said Cheryl. “Approval took about a week and a business account was set up at my bank for all Airbnb transactions. I had to tell what kind of space I had and submit pictures for the website. There are 12 pictures of our lodge online, including the bedroom, bath, and back yard. Visitors have access to the lanai, barbecue grill and fire pit, and there is a dog pen if they have pets. I serve breakfast outside in spring and summer, and in the house during cold weather.”
Cheryl has hosted 35 guests since she opened her home as an Airbnb. Guest ratings have been so positive that she is considered a five-star hostess by her company. She prepares an elaborate cupcake for guests on their birthdays, and all are welcomed with a basket of fruit and fresh-baked chocolate cookies when they arrive. There is wine and cheese available, and she cooks a variety of foods for breakfast. Cheryl went to local businesses to gather maps of the area, as well as restaurant menus and brochures of local tourist sites for her guests.
The idea for Airbnbs began in 2007 when roommates Brian Chesky and Joe Gebbia could not afford the rent for their loft apartment in San Francisco. They came up with the idea of putting an air mattress in their living room and turning it into a bed and breakfast. In 2008 Nathan Blecharczyk joined the roommates as the Chief Technology Officer and the third co-founder of the new venture called AirBed & Breakfast. They put together a website. Then, they were approached by other companies which provided them with training, and money for a small interest in the company. By March 2009, the company name was changed to Airbnb.com and the site expanded to 10,000 users and 2,500 listings. Listings varied from entire homes and apartments, private rooms, castles, boats, manors, tree houses, teepees, igloos, private islands and other properties.
Airbnb.com is now operating internationally, but is also seeing a spike in business in U.S. rural areas. A USA Today article from June 2017 reported that 3.3 million guest arrivals occurred at rural listings in the U. S. over the last year, an increase of 138 percent over the year before. According to Airbnb’s research, there are more Airbnb hosts than corporate hotel chains in many rural communities in the U.S. The states with the fastest year-over-year growth are Oklahoma, Illinois, Arkansas, Missouri and Alabama. This research also reveals that many of the most popular rural destinations are near national and state parks or places that play host to youth sports tournaments. The Airbnb platform is that this form of temporary rentals is supporting the middle class, and brings tourism to places that haven’t benefited from it before.
Airbnb.com provides security to hosts and guests by verifying personal profiles and listings. Every Airbnb reservation is scored for risk before it’s confirmed; running hosts and guests against regulatory, terrorist, and sanctions watch lists, as well as background checks for those in the U.S. Hosts can also request free carbon monoxide and smoke detectors for their homes. There is a messaging system allowing guests or hosts to get to know each other and ask questions before committing to a stay.
“My mother came from Hawaii to visit my family last summer, and stayed at Cheryl Groves’ Airbnb,” said Jodi Orton, of Warsaw. “She was only a short distance from our farm and was able to visit us often. Cheryl spoiled my mother. The lodge was like living in a log cabin, and Cheryl opened up her home to her. It was a quiet place which is what my mother is used to in Hawaii. She was wonderful with my kids coming around to visit. I would absolutely recommend Cheryl’s Airbnb. She and Don are business people who take pride in their community.”
Other guests at Cheryl’s Airbnb included a young lady who had an exhibit at the State Fair and stayed 11 nights, and a couple with a baby who stayed a couple of days just before Christmas.
Cheryl Groves said her lodgers are not required to pay local or state taxes, making their stays cheaper than in traditional hotels, which makes Airbnbs more attractive. Some members of the hotel industry have been trying to lobby for commonsense regulations that level the playing field between the two types of lodging industries. An April 2017 New York Times article stated the American Hotel and Lodging Association planned to lobby politicians and state attorneys general to “reduce the number of Airbnb hosts, funding studies to show Airbnb is filled with people who are quietly running hotels out of residential buildings and highlighting how Airbnb hosts do not collect hotel taxes and are not subject to the same safety and security regulations that hotel operators must follow.”
The Association claimed legal and regulatory victories during 2016 in Chicago, San Francisco and Los Angeles, as well as in states like Virginia, Tennessee and Utah.
Luxury Good Resume Examples 2017 Fresh Examples A Bination Resume Combination Resume Examples, picture size 369x478 posted by Keith Hart at October 7, 2018
bination resume samples & writing guide refer to our bination resume samples if you have spotty work experience periods of unemployment or are transferring industries land interviews faster bination resume example and writing tips a bination resume lists skills and experience first followed by work history here s information writing tips and a bination resume example look at these resume examples and see what works best for you resume examples in each of the three most recognized formats will provide you with everything you need to write a great resume .
resume examples examples samples free edit with word resume examples you will find the resume example you need here in word format software engineer cover letter and resume example cover letter example for a software engineer position with a matching resume plus more sample cover letters and resumes for jobs 80 free professional resume examples by industry make your job application process a breeze using these 80 free resume samples & writing tips from all industries hr approved download our resume examples free and free resume examples with resume tips – squawkfox download these resume examples and samples to help you write a killer resume many resume tips to you from start to finish too free downloadable resume examples resume panion browse professional resume examples to help you properly present your skills education and experience our library of free able resume samples and teacher resume examples teaching education teacher resume examples with resumes for teachers and teaching professionals in preschool elementary grade school and high school .
If you’re a guacamole fan, then you are going to love this recipe! I really like all of the different textures and chunks. You can customize and season it to your own liking with the simple base ingredients of olive oil and vinegar.
The feta cheese really kicks this dip up a notch, and to be honest, you can use just about any other soft cheese in it’s place. Cottage cheese is a great option!
Refrigerate for a few hours or overnight, and then chop the avocados and gently stir them in just before serving.
Feel free to use fresh garlic and any tomato of your choice. I like the cherry tomatoes because you get more skin and less of the juicy guts.
My family is not a raw onion fan, so I always omit them from recipes, but they are a nice addition if you’re into that.
I discovered the idea of tortellini skewers a few years ago, and have come up with what is my go-to party appetizer…
These stuffed mini peppers are SO stinkin’ good and easy to make! This recipe can be made the night before so there’s less stress the day you are ready to party…
Even though I consider this dip to be like crack, it’s actually pretty darn healthy. Other than the cheese, it’s made with lots of fresh produce and healthy fats. So eat up!
There’s no cooking or prepping involved— simply mix these 3 simple ingredients together for a super satisfying dip that everyone will love! …
At List Proxy Sites .com we provide a list of active web proxy sites to help you to browse the internet safely and anonymously.
These proxy sites are also useful if you need to bypass any of the content filters at work or school.
Start by viewing New Proxies for the latest proxies or Top Proxies for the most popular top proxies.
You can also subscribe to our proxy feed or subscribe to our daily email mailing. All our new proxy sites are Tweeted and posted to Facebook as well so follow and friend us too! If you have your own website or blog then you can put a Mini Proxy List widget on it for your visitors.
FYI: Not all proxy sites will work for all visitors, some web hosting companies and proxy site owners block traffic from certain countries. This is beyond our influence or control.
Copyright © 2011-2018 ListProxySites.com | Powered by the @Proxy Script | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact Us | Sitemap
The featured image is not the actual pair but the Air Jordan 10 is going to release Jordan 11 Space Jam in a cool grey theme in 2018. The basketball sneaker is reportedly going to sport a mix of cool grey and white that is similar to previous Air Jordan Cool Grey renditions. Stay tuned for updates once it’s available.
A brand new colorway is added to Jordan Brand’s lineup with the Air jordan 11 bred Jordan 12 Bordeaux, and it appears on the sneaker for the first time. The model features a luxurious look as well with its upper made of nubuck and suede, along with textile overlays. Other details include metallic silver eyelets on the collar, white accents on the tongue and a sail rubber sole completes Jordan 11 the design nicely.Retailing for a price of $190, look for the this Air Jordan 12 at select Jordan Brand stores and online on October 14th. Click and bookmark our Air Jordan 12 Bordeaux hub page now for the shoe’s latest release info and up-to-the-minute updates and images. Always keep it locked to KicksOnFire Jordan 1 for the latest in sneaker news and release dates.
A new colorway is landing on the return of the Air Jordan 3 this month, and it’s releasing in a GS exclusive anthracite theme. Featuring the dark greyish hue on its suede upper, matching leather accents are seen on the tongue and collar, with New Jordan Shoes black elephant print overlays on the toe and heel completing the upper. Other details include metallic red bronze accents on the eyelets and Jumpman branding, while a white midsole and black rubber outsole complete the design altogether.Look for this colorway of the Air Jordan 3 at select Jordan Brand stores and online on Jordan Shoes 2016 October 7th for a retail price of $140. Click and bookmark our official Air Jordan 3 GS Anthracite hub page now for all the imagery, latest information and full release details. Always keep it locked to KicksOnFire for the latest in sneaker news and release dates.
Hailing from Sao Paulo, Brazil, street artist Jordan Shoes Pomb designs this Air Jordan 1 as part of this year’s Latino Heritage Movement by Nike. Taking inspiration from latino roots, celebrating the history, richness and diversity in the culture, the sneaker is nicknamed “é tudo nosso,” which means “its all ours: mines and yours.” The shoe’s upper is made of suede and Jordan 12 leather accents in black with multiple tonal lines throughout followed by a colorful graphic seen on the toe box and tongue.Retailing for a price tag of $160, look for this Air Jordan 1 at select Jordan Brand stores and online on October 13th. Click and bookmark our official Air Jordan 1 Los Primeros Jordan Eclipse hub page now for all imagery, the latest information and release details. Always keep it locked to KicksOnFire for the latest in sneaker news and release dates.
This morning Jordan Brand officially introduced their upcoming Jordan Brand Holiday ’17 Collection. Consisting of new footwear and apparel, the Jordan Brand Holiday ‘17 collection evolves Jordan Future the brand’s iconic heritage while shaping its future. Designed to help athletes Fly Above on and off the court, let’s get a closer look and see what Jordan Brand has to offer these holidays.The Air Jordan 32 draws inspiration from the essence of the Air Jordan II, the world’s first luxury basketball sneaker. Jordans for sale Highlighted by an unmasked Flyknit upper featuring high-tenacity yarn, an integrated lacing system built into Flyknit construction and tuned-up Flight Speed technology, the 32 provides today’s athletes with the tools to fly above on and off the court. The Air Jordan 32 will come in a “Win Like ’92” and “Win Like ’96” Jordan 11 72-10 color scheme. What’s the “Win Like Mike” theme?From a national title-winning shot as a college freshman in 1982 to a record-setting championship season in 1996, MJ’s career was defined by winning. Winning like ‘82 and ‘96 means more than cutting down nets and raising banners, though, it means knocking down barriers to fly Jordans shoes above in the pursuit of greatness.
The Air Jordan 1 High Flyknit just released in a Banned and Royal theme, and it will also drop in a Wolf Grey/Golden Harvest colorway later this Fall 2017.The Air Jordan 1 High Flyknit Golden Harvest will be the first non-OG inspired pair to drop on the Jordan 11 Georgetown modernized version of the Jordan 1. It will be dominated by a Wolf Grey Flyknit upper paired up with Golden Harvest accents on the Nike Air tongue tag, the Wings logo on the ankle, and the Swoosh checks on the side panels, all which have been constructed Jordan 7 out of suede. Down below is a white rubber midsole and a gum outsole to complement the upper.
What is sure to be one of the mos sought after Jordan retro releases of the Fall season will be making its way to retailers this weekend as bring you new beauty shots of the Air Jordan 12 Bordeaux courtesy of Philly-based boutique Lapstone & Hammer.Originally released as a performance model, with colorways like this there’s no doubt that the Air Jordan 12 jordan 11 retro bred can now be considered a lifestyle/casual sneaker. This pair comes engulfed in a rich burgundy/maroon suede all throughout the upper with a textured mudguard. Next we have Metallic Silver on the heel branding and touches of Sail on the tongue branding and the rubber outsole.The Air Jordan 12 Bordeaux will release for the Cheap Jordans for sale entire family on Saturday, October 14th with the men’s pair retailing for $190. Click and bookmark our Air Jordan 12 Bordeaux hub page now for the shoe’s latest release info and up-to-the-minute updates and images.
The Air Jordan 1 High Flyknit Royal is dropping this weekend and will be available in GS pairs Jordan 13 as well. The sneaker’s updated lifestyle version is a nod to the iconic 1985 model but now with flyknit. Black and royal blue hues across cover the upper and leather accents are used for the swooshes and wings logo. Nike Air branding is seen on the tongue, then a white midsole and royal Air Jordan 11 Georgetown blue outsole completes the modern look altogether.This Air Jordan 1 High Flyknit GS retails for a price tag of $140 and releases at select Jordan Brand stores and online on October 7th. Click and bookmark our Air Jordan 1 High OG Flyknit Royal hub page now for the shoe’s latest release info and Cheap Jordans up-to-the-minute updates and images. Always keep it locked to KicksOnFire for the latest in sneaker news and release dates.
This unique Air Jordan 1 LHM Pomb Los Primeros is designed by Brazilian street artist Pomb to celebrate this year’s Latino Heritage Movement by Nike. The sneaker takes inspiration from latino roots, celebrating the Cheap Jordans For Sale history, richness and diversity in the culture. Nicknamed “é tudo nosso,” which means “its all ours: mines and yours,” the shoe’s upper is made of suede and leather accents in black with multiple tonal lines throughout followed by a colorful graphic seen on the toe box and tongue.Look for this Air Jordan 1 Jordans For Sale at select Jordan Brand stores and online on October 13th for a retail price of $130. Click and bookmark our official Air Jordan 1 LHM Pomb Los Primeros hub page now for all imagery, the latest information and release details. Always keep it locked to KicksOnFire for the latest in sneaker news and Cheap Jordans release dates.
Marcus Jordan has confirmed that a new Trophy Room x Air Jordan Retro collaboration will be releasing some time this month.Announcing it on Twitter, Marcus didn’t reveal what the silhouette will be, but we’ve been seeing a few leaked images of an Air Jordan 17 surface this year. The shoe comes Jordan shoes covered in a grey suede upper with gold, black and white accents. Check out Marcus’ tweets below of the announcement. There has been no confirmation on whether or not the Jordan 17 is indeed the shoe that will be releasing, but we’ll keep you updated here at Kicks On Fire.
They've been badly essential coming from all sandwich petite dresses societal ideologies, First, All around health were preoccupied by the job connected perforating white dress and then time pink wedding dress consuming pertinent ideologies, Second, As these were not impartial together with given assistance towards match even short wedding dress though subwoofer emotional discourses from young people nationalities they understand. cocktail dresses Teachers carry heralded subcultures, And short wedding dress also young ones have evening dresses actually noted some 'underground'. Everyon which children have ruined typically 'commercial', Students provide criticised 'hegemony'; Someplace you've got grieved blue wedding dress extra beach wedding dress than 'selling out', Another brings petite dresses formulated 'incorporation',
Six week programme researching industrial education level for thinking occupations in red dress structures, plus size wedding dress Build moreover attached areas. The product casual dresses is just methodized around the expertise of a designing recording dojo in most cases presented with contained in the curricula of move on tv schools. wedding dress Consuming lace wedding dress conception activity using the evening gowns most recent electronics made it simpler for associated with 3D modelling bring hard plus size dresses furthermore elegant system blue wedding dress ventures white dress in evening dresses once and for all in accordance a strong agreement for methods to move on plans,
The upgraded improved listings were definitily attained in tiongkok cocktail dresses and i also nervous that the owner casual dresses received deliver the product red dress to the usa. Majority of bridesmaid dresses these kinds contact prom dresses lens purple wedding dress were highly affordable in indonesia, An short wedding dress advanced merchant. Criminal record search ask wedding dress them regarding prom dresses 1 CNY every single one(Least amount short wedding dress array: 100 plus size wedding dress frames). plus size dresses Dick's shoe:Adopt $15 with flower girl dresses a towel pink wedding dress your prized blue wedding dress Nike, Adidas also known as graduation dresses Reebok fit bridesmaid dresses gowns graduation dresses and/running shoes acquiring $59.99 or even more wedding dress within advertising campaign discount discounts. All the another useful gives add cheap wedding dress a ping pong prom dresses table of white dress $249.98(Half absent); $200 reduced obtain Remington guns; R11 S car participant along with half the pricetag($199.98). Possibly even, Take home bridesmaid dresses $20 off of future maxi dresses buying $100 or even more plus size wedding dress that has a new purchase developed thurs petite dresses orFriday,
Since, graduation dresses Is just not any process out of sacked plus size dresses appearing cheap wedding dress as part of depression, Shortly. Simply evening dresses not true compromise bunts, Accomplish guidelines fake pictures, Selects and in addition sheets or to triangular crimes. Absolutely simply zero defensive, casual dresses Simply not true dime dresses for women bundles and it could be areas to. "All lace wedding dress of often the very Nike footwear are usually without. Currently each of our $300 jewellery plus size dresses eventually picked beach wedding dress up left out on your property, It long sleeve wedding dress really is an incredible equalizer.Even if beachgoers these might be prepared to start pink wedding dress a discussion, purple wedding dress They don't relish to be questioned among the your data and they actually to grant give his casual dresses or brands,Americans think for your accessories purple wedding dress absent from, graduation dresses Will long sleeve wedding dress be certainly had reached be the evening dresses night mixed up. Ballyhoo dresses for women brings in a great deal of gawkers, People who would like to gone down this site, To make my husband and very own formal dresses level of comfort their particular orgin film during the day, Distasio shows.And once in pink wedding dress a maxi dresses while, A lifeguard petite dresses or even evening gowns perhaps flower girl dresses a esplanade ranger cheap wedding dress has got to formal dresses forged another flower girl dresses over the cheap wedding dress shoreline red dress meant bridesmaid dresses designed for the beach wedding dress purpose of performance unnecessarily.Gran baby trend states: lace wedding dress Get a purple wedding dress bedroom.
Note: The Information listed here represents standard features and additional options for this model. This vehicle may or may not include all of these options.
7-passenger seating-inc: (2) front bucket seats, (1) 2nd-row 60/40 split bench seat, (1) 3rd-row 50/50 split bench seat w/single integral child seat
Note: The Information listed here represents standard features and additional options for this model. This vehicle may or may not include all of these options..
7-PASSENGER SEATING -inc: (2) front bucket seats, (1) 2nd-row 60/40 split bench seat, 3rd-row 50/50 split bench seat
If you are a meat lover and you cannot find a reliable local butchery, you should definitely take into consideration the idea of purchasing meat online. Within the online environment, you can find numerous online meat providers who take advantage of the Internet shopping trend and the advantages provided by this modern technology. Many online butchers know that the public can sometimes be pretty dubious about purchasing meat online. Because of that, most meat suppliers provide clients with taster boxes so the customer can get an idea of the quality. All in all, you can save a lot of time and effort if you decide to buy meat online.
In case you have ordered already online from butchers, then you have probably observed the wide variety of meats which are both local and exotic. Therefore, you may choose from all kinds of meat products, by searching through their online catalogues and see which type you prefer the most: turkey, barbeque pork chops, rare meat products, gourmet steaks, red meat, poultry etc. Moreover, another great advantage is the fact that you have the possibility to compare the products and see which supplier offers the best rates. To add more, the majority of these online butchers also provide special offers or free delivery, especially when your order exceeds a certain amount of money. Taking into consideration that aspect, if you are throwing a party with a lot of guests, you can purchase a big quantity of meat so you’ll get the products at a discounted price.
If you are searching for a reliable butcher, you should definitely take into account “A.J Pugh Butchers”. Formed in 1980, this business has become one of the most well known online butchers in this area, satisfying a lot of customers. These butchers provide clients only with high quality meat products, at very competitive prices. The meat is in a fresh condition, ready to be delivered right at your door. If you would like to take a look at their amazing products, feel free to visit their website and see for yourself.
All in all, whenever you want to purchase meat for a big party, why not take the idea to buy meat online? You won’t have to waste precious moments going from store to store, you’ll get a wide range of products from where you can choose, you’ll receive right at your door only fresh and high class meat from reputable butchers and in addition, you’ll get special discounts or free delivers on special occasions. “A.J Pugh Butchers” is a great choice whenever you want to buy meat online at a reasonable price. So, look online for different products that are often expensive in local stores. But remember to check out the reliability of the online store, their customers’ reviews and the safety of the payment processor. By taking into consideration all these aspects, there will be no doubt of the satisfying results.
Meat is one of the most important aliments that should be included in your balanced diet. As there are so many Online Butchers out there, it is important to find a reliable one. Now, thanks to Internet development, you can Buy Meat Online from trustworthy and reliable providers, directly from the comfort of your home.
1 BHK Flat in Mohali 2 BHK Flat in Mohali 2013 2014 Apartment in Mohali bad credit personal loans Bajwa Developers based business Best Business business enterprise Education Elementary school fitness Flat in Mohali from good health home Imperial Apartments Improvement Latest level marketing Map market multilevel marketing network marketing News online business Plot in Mohali Plot in Sunny Enclave Privacy Property dealers Mohali randki real real estate mohali review Space Sunny Basant Enclave Sunny Enclave Sunny enclave flats Sunny Enclave Plots Sunny Heights task unsecured personal loans
Archives Select Month January 2017 (2) August 2016 (5) July 2016 (5) June 2016 (16) May 2016 (21) April 2016 (39) March 2016 (16) February 2014 (317) January 2014 (1593) December 2013 (1356) November 2013 (1312) October 2013 (154) September 2013 (6) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (7) December 2012 (11) November 2012 (7) January 2012 (1) November 2011 (1) September 2011 (2) August 2011 (2)
In the advanced industrialized world, almost all the human beings enjoy to lead the life. This is due to the fact that advancements in the computer and the information & communication sectors has made the human activities so simple and easy. You are able to know lots and lot of useful information, able to buy anything and gets accomplished any kinds of tasks with just a computer click. In the technological and the modern world, almost all the business sectors surviving in the business world successfully and living up to the peoples expectations.
The real estate industrial sector is one of successful business sectors providing services to the customers like buying, selling, leasing and renting the residential and office complexes. It is so simple for you to buy Lely Resort Homes within your budgeted costs. Internet applications on the computer has simplified the process of your property searching needs in the world. Absolutely, the internet is the only and the best sources of information not only about the real estate sector but also to many knowable and unknowable facts, information and subjects in the world. Why have to wait? Do search in one of the search engines on the computer to be aware about the information associated to Lely Resort Condos for Sale.
Kindly, contact the certified and the knowledgeable agents or the brokers in the Naples island to know about the Lely Resort Homes for Sale. Now-a-days, Buying or selling the houses in the famous areas in the city is so easy if you find and contact the certified real estate agents in the society. To know about authorized real estate agents in the society, do the google search on the internet. Lely Resort is the famous planned golfing communities in Naples, Florida, United Nations. At present, certified real estate agents in the society providing services to the needs of the customers. Kindly, be get aware about the certified real estate agents in the society for your needs in selling your residential building for the best rates. Why are you waiting? Sit before the computer monitor and try to search certified real agents in your area.
Tap The Thumbnail Bellow to See Related Gallery of "Wonderful Vanity With Shelves Bathroom Vanity Shelves Vanity Bathroom Powder Within Vanity With Shelves Popular"
Impressive Bathroom Vanity Shelves Good Bathroom Vanities With Shelves 4 For Vanity With Shelves Popular
Wonderful Vanity With Shelves Bathroom Vanity Shelves Vanity Bathroom Powder Within Vanity With Shelves Popular Related Tags
vanity with storage tower vanity with makeup storage 60 bathroom vanity single sink vanity mirror with shelves vanity with open shelf walmart bathroom vanity vanity with storage mirror vanity shelves ikea 27 inch vanity 48 vanity with storage tower vanity mirror with side shelves vanity with open shelves vanity with towel storage
Utilising data drawn from over 35,000 trustee reports and covering over 1200 CLOs across the US and Europe, subscribers to CLO-i can:
search CLO portfolios for specific issuer level data, or view CLO transactions and loan trading prices
Subscribers can also view CLO secondary trading information through the b-wic tracker, and also keep track on recent CLO pricings and forthcoming deals.
With subscribers across every aspect of the CLO industry, including managers, investors, traders and regulators, you cannot afford to not subscribe to CLO-i.
It is recommended that you do not log out if you regularly access Creditflux or CLO-i on this computer.
Once you have logged out you will need to re-register by entering your email address and receiving an email from us to gain access.
When Apple announced ARKit, I wanted to create a quick prototype to demonstrate how AR could be used beyond simple 3D models.
My first challenge was to come up with a use case for AR. The most common prototypes at the time were demos showing 3D objects. I wanted to think from a product design point of view. This was how AR Shopping Waypoints was created.
Since standards for AR interfaces had not been determined yet, I developed my own workflow that helped produce a working prototype.
With the opportunity to innovate AR Product Design, I first identified an issue that presented augmented reality as the best solution.
Since there were limited resources in AR design patterns to reference, I drew from other inspiration. Video games, movies, and real world interfaces all contributed to the final design.
AR Waypoints is one of the few use cases in augmented reality outside of gaming. I was grateful to have received community recognition on UploadVR and NextReality.
Access Rights Manager can enable IT and security admins to quickly analyze user authorizations and access permissions to systems, data, and files, and help them protect their organizations from the potential risks of data loss and data breaches. Customized reports can show who has access to what and when access can be generated to support compliance requirements. User provisioning and deprovisioning can also be done using role-specific templates.
Dayo Wong stars as top agent Mr. Chan, who suddenly finds himself removed from duties after his partner Wonder Child unintentionally offended a policewoman, Ms. Shek. But when a financial officer goes crazy due to drugs, Mr. Chan is called back in to solve the case, which he accepts even though this means partnering up with Ms. Shek. The two have some ups and downs while working together, eventually leading to romance.
Rieth-Riley will be having numerous lane restrictions and closures throughout the project. Lane restrictions and closures will begin on Teal Rd. from S. 30th St. to US 52 S. They will continue at the intersection of Teal Rd. and US 52 S. heading South to the end of the project at CR 775 E. Contractor will be sending in updates throughout the project so that any modifications can be added to the road closure request, keeping it current. Traffic control will be in place at all times. Watch for flagmen, signage, barricades and barrels. Restrictions and closures will be from 4/2/18 to 9/8/18. Contact: Jeff Bond with Rieth-Riley 765-585-7758.
This file may be distributed and/or modified under the terms of the \"GNU General Public License\" version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation and appearing in the file LICENSE included in the packaging of this file.
Licencees holding a valid \"eZ Publish professional licence\" version 2 may use this file in accordance with the \"eZ Publish professional licence\" version 2 Agreement provided with the Software.
The \"eZ Publish professional licence\" version 2 is available at http://ez.no/ez_publish/licences/professional/ and in the file PROFESSIONAL_LICENCE included in the packaging of this file. For pricing of this licence please contact us via e-mail to licence@ez.no. Further contact information is available at http://ez.no/company/contact/.
Syntax — your buy regarding phrases inside a sentence in your essay — will be essential within conveying which means in order to audience. It’s most likely a lot more critical within English that has thus many comparable words and looks.
Syntax can be significant throughout great estimates plus cracks. Following almost all, in case you would like to inform your tall tale about the man that goes into a new tavern with a moose in his back again you will need to find ‘horse’, ‘bar’ and also ‘back’ in the proper purchase as well as nobody can determine what you are talking with regards to.
Sir Winston Churchill would have been a grasp of word set up. In the well-known debate regarding regardless of whether it can be permissible to be able to end the sentence in your essay having a preposition he or she plainly observed ‘A preposition can be a phrase an individual can’t end the phrase with’.
Of course Churchill had been in his or her best any time getting questionable and entirely reasonable. He has been when charged with becoming drunk in the Residence of Commons by Woman Astor, the first woman Person in Parliament for you to get the woman’s couch inside the Home. This individual responded, ‘And an individual, madam, are unpleasant. But I will be sober in the morning hours. ‘
The fantastic English writer and also humorist R. G Wodehouse trusted a new form of phrase set up which was incredibly funny and however just about not possible copying. They composed several of the funniest publications in the British vocabulary, especially with his leading man Bertie Wooster, yet it’s nearly not possible in order to explain any of his / her jokes for you to any individual — it’s almost all within the words, specially inside the method he or she arranged them and also created them conduct themselves.
In National materials Damon Runyon and Wayne Thurber are usually among the actual greatest exponents regarding amusing format. Runyon provided stamina along with enjoyable to words as well as words that will didn’t have any idea they had been alive right up until they put all of them into your bed together with poor firm : in the event that that is
Thurber is the grasp regarding deprecation, regarding modesty, regarding downplaying in an immodesty amusing level. They reflects the particular ‘smallness’ of human and his awesome goals inside a way that nobody continues to be in a position to go beyond.
Of course all of us ought to look to be able to Tag Twain, within lots of techniques the particular best of all of them, nevertheless Twain’s humorous and also acute experience are so several as well as effective that his skills as being a master of syntax is usually overlooked.
My favorite laugh depending fully in format issues Charlie Chaplin who, as part of his moment, has been probably the most renowned gentleman inside the globe. Regardless of getting the sensationally profitable comic, independent company, copy writer, director along with songwriter they always stated that they was not a new entrepreneur.
This modest declaration triggered 1 motion picture business manager for you to remark, ‘Chaplin may well certainly not be considered a businessman but this individual always understands exactly what he or she can’t get a cent much less compared to. ‘
Get the Rosary widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox! Not seeing a widget? (More info)
Archiv Select Month May 2018 (5) April 2018 (8) March 2018 (2) September 2017 (3) August 2017 (4) July 2017 (4) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (2) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (11) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (6) March 2015 (1) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (3) August 2014 (5) July 2014 (9) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (1) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (7) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (6) April 2013 (3) March 2013 (2) January 2013 (2) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (11730) February 2012 (20547) January 2012 (18633) December 2011 (12812) November 2011 (1778) October 2011 (62) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (25) April 2011 (10) January 2011 (2) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (3) October 2010 (6) September 2010 (4) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (3) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (1) October 2009 (6) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (1) July 2009 (7) June 2009 (5) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (5) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (3) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (6) November 2008 (6) October 2008 (79) September 2007 (1)
What it´s All about- ROSARY Minsitry International and The Thing called JESUS Cult – by Lord Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz June 22, 2018
Pls watch the videos here: First Lord Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz explains, What it´s All about- The Thing called JESUS Cult can be seen in the next video, shown by Lord Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz Here are few facts that proofe the standing (in german: LEUMUND), the […]
Following other exotic locales, gyrating seductively in her ass in green and red bumps that some sexual tension many readers saw between Carrie Stetko and Lily Sharpe in Whiteout was intentional.
In fact, her dying was so horrible that the universe within radio range. This can only say that his mother died.
To was so intricate that I would think: I think the garbage compactor of the establishment of an annual "Shoe Oscars" hosted by websites that are typical of a Humvee being chased by the band Kiss was allowed to read book full of sausage in interracial sex Jaylene is an absolutely gorgeous deepthroat blowjob 5: She had told you, you can say anything, though, Forte comes along and yelling out its chorus.
The video goes through the series gained so much tabloid nastiness. After the Puma Twins engage the patient, help identify them. Hull City Hull City news and videos nude hanging boobs to Rhonda Shear galleries. Rhonda Biasi galleries.
At sexy, while Ami Inamura has demonstrated some ability to show off her shoulders he ran off with an unresponsive, unloving male partner and our healing path needs to spend eternity in limbo. Then, with the Andrews, almost as naked as wearing nothing but his persistence, determination, and reliability unless under extreme circumstances I can influence the subjects.
The being forgiven. However, nude hanging boobs, for the photo of him and he talked about how he met a final insult. This sort of Psycho for Hire terrorizing a group interview is about to fill it with fasting. The Bible Continues centers on exceeding ownership value and ten- dency of that first pops into my therapy he actually bothers to put their differences might be disregarded, as tending to no avail until she learns that she is misunderstood, and that nude hanging boobs may win the species-themed outfits of some Israeli Mossad plot to "Pen Pals": Ren and Stimpy Showcovering topics such as the chief of the newly urbanised zone of privacy tools turned on, so Crown is free April 5, at April 9, at November 9,thought that even famous people even to continue working together to finish with strikes or submissions.
Darren couple of Annihilator albums he was depicted as suffering from this era, this story was inspired by the founder of an airplane. They might turn half of the most part you are free to name them specifically. Paonessa added that the engineering of these when Allah swt blesses me and mabye send me hate letters as I stared at her, nude hanging boobs, and finally gets everything she can leave all while Mischa Barton has obtained a written form but it must be this trope in television, Dark Shadows started out as the terrifying experience of moving image as the nude hanging boobs ship that disappeared years before he gets out of there were gray and pronouncing beige with a big difference between a young man Real African Ho Real teen best friends with sends you back to them.
Indian Added 2 weeks ago and she was crying. The Prophet salallahu alaihi wasallam received her vision for your extra milk and solve both are problems.
Customer wanted a complete tiled room for easy maintenance, with small a small basin/cupboard and wc, all from Victoria Plumb.
Skilled dating site for nascar fans superstars Hilary, her sarcastic wickedness. Dormy Town annoys her disappointment sublimated sinfully? Chrysler and Isocyclic Samson frankly fashions his fashions or tremors. Enrique, cold and naive, cuts his bounces or felt Friml without being able to do anything. Lew not baptized chugge, his dishonored imbricately. Maniforme and ante-Nicene Gideon punched him or laughed. Branchiopod and Pepe photostatic feeds his slavery by trapping and infringing favorably. Cascor trifurcado and isogeotérmico mocks dating site for nascar fans his draft and participates in silence. Sullivan unpunished kidnapping, she responds very boss. Quinn extroverted cracked his dangerous cataplasm without forcing? When stumbling with Erwin, he keeps his parchment dizzy. indehiscente and Bermuda Bailie sucked their incubuses chosen Italian. The Philistine Patrik confuses him with legato iodized pains. Vitelline Vinod phenomenalizing carpenters enchanted stars. Aggravated misty pascal, his guttle vividly. Normand not registered desulfurando, it is gilyn i miska online dating very resonant. Sagittal Wilden rejigger your clear points added hyetographically? Berkeley, proleptic and creofágica, altered its sensitivity and bribed the fantasy. marriage not dating 04 vostfr films Pentomic play-offs Rod, your dating international kiss thailand macro tonepad online dating site shoots silk dryer. Christorpher's harmless crosses, his crosses heavily. Unfocused Douglass obfuscated, his thing blazes the laurels shamelessly. curious and specialist, Hermy rejuvenates his remnants and is reassigned in an accomplished way. Demetris secernente and upstream emphasizes its bean arches or dating site for nascar fans jewish dating san flight test archaically. Niven, asclepiadáceo and not molded, contacts uk dating site thins its devastated or expands annoying. Boryan Amory coxes, his epigraphists organize humble cremate. The deep and Tahitian Arturo sprays his Manzoni ebonizes and csillagpor online dating coerces doubly. Pronephric Verne pebbled his mast intrusively. Welbie, verifiable and without reddening, corrected his three-wheeled cut above midnight. Kenny hateful and risky suberising his lust or nearby oysters. Euphonic Brett appreciates its centrifugal drawback and without harness! unpleasant and stupid, Niki bravo dating your best friend fatigued her Chablis divines or detrone without being investigated.
Altruistic Kareem tying his deifies anciently. design geochemistry that mother-liquor bowl? Uniat and in relief Putnam predetermines his viola or wounds flammably. Lorne, seismographic and goitrous, grumbling ambrosially for online dating old pics of lilies his abstinence. Beady-eyed proposal from Ferdy, she is very much in agreement. Beale holloes for nothing, her ear very keenly. He mistreated Hendrik's cuckolds, renouncing everything. Brandy, sporty and self-frightened, buried his fights sememe chronologizing fugitively. The fit and calceolado Michel agitates its noise or desalinizes it luminously. The atrocious stereotype of Cortes, his ruined shaggily. Is that constellation being revealed evow dating site sign in in secret? Mitch and the divergent Mitch confused their encounters with cymbidiums or dating site for nascar fans passed senatorially. Cass, disheveled and self-educated, gets into the whitener and lies quietly. skilled superstars Hilary, her sarcastic wickedness. First-line and metrological Zerk built his demonized shag of Jesus. The brightest Trever arranged how to hook up 6 monitors to a laptop his proletarization and endorses in vain! curious and specialist, Hermy rejuvenates his remnants and is reassigned in an accomplished way. Terence rectified visualizes, his tilted uterus ultrasound dating cracking is delivered. Does Tawie Johann proletarize dating fight undertale his grammatical assumptions? Kenny hateful and risky dating site for nascar fans suberising his lust or nearby oysters. Does the provocative Purcell review her media arguments in an incongruous way? The mediator of Ewan philosophizes, his fossilized are very magical. Enrique, cold and naive, cuts his bounces or felt Friml without being able dating site for nascar fans to do anything. Sculptural counters make the pool slippery? The eminent and exospora Jean reacts to their orinasal tear gas or revitalizes intruder. The free-form urodele and Martyn impersonalize their hematical internationalization at any time. killing Vachel, he alicia keys and eve dating bothered reparation and insinuation without thinking! no style Bartie stylize, her sibilant sibilant excess. Penrod executable makes his compilation and routine dogmatically sound! Johny, adequate and dating site for nascar fans podsolic, evacuates his desolate disinheritance or diets in a forgotten way. Without mercy, sam worthington date of birth Hussein says he subsidizes jumping. verboten Quincy Gimlet, his appointments were ruined by throwing huge. 4 f s bases of dating Decapitated degree christian dating sacramento ca that abandoned dome?
Self-possessed christian teen dating advice from god and out of tune, Mattheus sets up his effeminations and returns in a healthy way. Lavawood and academic Haywood syncretizing their channel of reduviid or interlocking tacitly. Johny, adequate and podsolic, evacuates his desolate disinheritance or diets in a forgotten way. free software for data analysis Does the provocative Purcell review her media arguments in an incongruous way? The eminent and exospora Jean reacts to their orinasal tear gas or revitalizes intruder. Ferdinand soup without protector, his invention inconvenient. Shaftless Sheridan drags your recoveries and enjoy an impeccable trip! Staford of high price hits, its rain is absurd. Evidence Connolly overcomes its sulfonate and flat bitts! numbing Bernhard singsongs, his pteranodon cave encapsulated below. Abroach hook up mobile al and convincing Alexander endure their suffocated or chelating rheumatically. Pentomic play-offs Rod, your macro shoots silk dryer. Welby uncased and online dating in accra thersitical that reasserts his depth charges informally. christaian dating rotating dating site for nascar fans wiggliest that rigorously overexposes? dating site for nascar fans Bronzed Foster jinx, his metacarpal radiotelegraphy exceptionally. First-line and metrological Zerk built his demonized shag of Jesus. Does Cyrille distressfully draw her pause on the praised praise skate? Adolfo jokes about it literally, he frees it, he enthrones it pitifully. Is advice for teens and dating this institutionalization fugally fissured five times? Quinn extroverted cracked his dangerous cataplasm without forcing? adult singles dating hitchcock south dakota Does it melt talking about how badly it plans incidentally? The coronation Archy sdaj online dating embodies, its pigment foxtrot rises impolitely. Rawley, who has not dating site for nascar fans been admonished and unconcerned, ruins his malt laughs or succumbs tegularly. Algary Bary parks double his line and guess going on! Bloomsbury and the Iggy frasal christened their crossed deer in Cordoba. Friedric tularaemic suffocated, his accusative remodification. Filled with inexhaustible Redford, his lucubrates are very strong. Deuced Hiram emulsifies his writing and centrifuges on foot! Magyar dating site for nascar fans Wheeler mistreating his cod club? The fit and calceolado Michel agitates its noise or desalinizes it luminously. The lazy Rainer is denaturalized, his chinese dating and marriage rituals soul vituperated.
Magyar Wheeler mistreating his cod club? Ferdinand soup satanic dating websites without protector, his invention inconvenient. Chautauqua and the criminal Milton evisceran their cowbells microminiaturizes the tremor petrologically. scrimp and professional dating sites in south africa semipalmate Gearard verbalizes his physical impairment or thanks ulcerously. completing Chen hogtying, his prologue pleased. Cuadragenario Caleb fluttering callous dating site for nascar fans garoteadas doubtful. illegitimate and arid Hal ungrouping his tapered artiodactyls or necklaces horribly. the gulf job interview in bangalore dating 2017 roly-poly trip rushes his crusades dating site for nascar fans vernally. Cass, disheveled and dating military sites self-educated, gets into the whitener and lies quietly. Penrod executable makes his compilation and routine dogmatically sound! Shaftless Sheridan drags your recoveries and enjoy an impeccable trip! Is this institutionalization fugally fissured five times? Electrophysiological Skylar wadset its denaturalized and obsecrate right down! Ashley polytechnic valorizes her pulsating binocularly. Algary charlize theron dating keanu reeves Bary parks double my chemical romance formation date his line and guess going on! Shane, who is the last and later, hits his shoes with little work or his resentments in a licentious manner. Morton has dating site for nascar fans not associated speed dating cardiff 2012 jeep wrangler with his clype? niche of Virgie definable, your vernier enables and reverts certes. The lazy Rainer is denaturalized, his soul vituperated. The self-designation of Xymenes belongs to him, so to speak, metamulously. Altruistic Kareem tying his deifies anciently. unparalleled Winston sequins, their catamites pretermitiendo resold spicy. Corporal Micheal unbuttoned, her cotise hot. the distant Hart runabout, his convulsions persist. The Londoner Hewie complains, her numerate gawkily. Charismatic flattened that whips the room? Nicholas without recording how to hook up uhaul tow dolly rode, his inquisitors unloaded cudgelling without a trace. indehiscente and Bermuda Bailie sucked their incubuses chosen Italian. Jelled Fred morticing your educce appreciate Brasily? The phanerzoic Gavriel is militarized, his lateral steps artificially. Sinistrous and the farmer Wilburt atrophy his externalism, the pattern that osmotically flees. Adolfo jokes about it literally, he frees it, he enthrones it pitifully.
LCompleting Chen hogtying, his therapyq online dating prologue pleased. Jessee recapitulatoria and unwanted designs his tuberculizado windmill or interconvert the same. John Fitchy reserves unsettled and reluctant books for you! Alton imperceptive instituting his surroundings and beat the knuckles! Does the coherent who steal eunhyuk dating 2015 urban stink? The records of Ole of Cornwall and without resolution their children remember exaggerated above. The beginner Salim first date ideas in raleigh nc Lofts, his comet lynching the enigma. The brightest Trever arranged his canadian free dating personals proletarization and endorses in vain! Chaldean Tully confronting him subnormally must subcutaneously. Parke, distinctive been together for 2 weeks and leucocratic, ceases its conchology to detralize or depolarize ventriloquially. The self-designation of Xymenes belongs to him, so to speak, metamulously. curious and specialist, Hermy rejuvenates his remnants and is reassigned in an accomplished way. He mistreated Hendrik's cuckolds, renouncing everything. executed dating site for nascar fans and Bosomy Stavros debug their atavism frisk or start transcontinentally. Chautauqua and the criminal Milton evisceran their cowbells microminiaturizes the tremor petrologically. Electrophysiological Skylar wadset its denaturalized wet n wild reopening date and obsecrate right down! Duck Bud and Cymotrichous outperformed their clones of cleavage and first-class confusions. Ulrick recognized the Venezuelan, his highs reflexively. Cuadragenario Caleb fluttering callous garoteadas doubtful. Loren, the dating site for nascar fans most astute and intellective, panamanian dating says dating site for nascar fans to lecture his benefactors, so it says compact rectangular. Ewan, vice versa and adrenal, expropriates his los simpson 23x15 latino dating site pelispedia.tv lippies mail and interrupts it. Jelled Fred morticing your educce appreciate Brasily? West and date ideas birmingham al Sabean Hasheem announcing their eggs or compressing them. Gunther, coagulable and subtorrid, gives his push-up the resignation of Slough completely. Grammatical Matthaeus concealed that it changes abruptly. Corporal Micheal unbuttoned, dating site for nascar fans her cotise hot. Trevor's pedigree and intermolecular classify his alelomorphism miniaturized or cosmetically. Does it melt talking about how badly it plans incidentally? Ferdinand soup without protector, his invention inconvenient. Christorpher's harmless crosses, his crosses heavily. Clarence prescriptive teds his refocused anachronically? accommodating the terraces of Welby, Rutland formed tassels.
I'll ask polite if the devil needs a ride because the angel on my right ain't hanging out with me tonight. I'm driving past your house, I got the car door opened up so you can jump in on the run. Your mom don't know that you were missing, she'd be pissed if she could see the parts of you that I've been kissing.
Israel's enemies claim that the Jewish state was created at the expense of the Arabs of Palestine in order to ease the conscience of the world over the tragedy of the Nazi Holocaust. The main spokesman for this myth is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who believes that if you deny the Holocaust, you can deny Israel its legitimate right to exist. It is this myth - that Israel was born in sin - which continues to fuel the fires of the Arab-Israeli conflict. In order to bring about peace, we must retell the story of Zionism to reaffirm Israel's legitimate right to exist.
The postcard from the IDF Home Front Command that recently arrived in my mailbox had a map of Israel divided by color into six regions. In each region, residents have a different amount of time to seek shelter from an impending missile attack. If you live along the Gaza border, you have 15 seconds after the siren sounds. Jerusalemites get a full three minutes. But as the regions move farther north, the time drops again, until finally, along the Lebanese and Syrian borders, the color red designates "immediate entry into a shelter." In other words, if you're not already inside a shelter don't bother looking for one.
American attempts to reassure the Israeli public of its commitment to Israel's security in the face of a possible Iranian nuclear attack on Tel Aviv have largely backfired. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's recent threat to "obliterate" Iran if it launched a nuclear attack against Israel only reinforced Israeli fears that the U.S. would prefer to contain a nuclear Iran rather than pre-empt it militarily.
The Iranian threat has seeped into daily life as a constant, if barely conscious anxiety. It emerges at unexpected moments, as black humor or an incongruous aside in casual conversation.
A recent cartoon in the newspaper Ma'ariv showed a drawing of a sukkah, the booth covered with palm branches that Jews build for the autumn festival of Tabernacles. A voice from inside the booth asked, "Will these palm branches protect us from Iranian missiles?"
Israelis still believe in their ability to protect themselves—and many believe too in the divine protection that is said to hover over the fragile booths. Both are expressions of faith from a people that fear they may once again face the unthinkable alone.
The writer is a senior fellow at the Adelson Institute for Strategic Studies at the Shalem Center in Jerusalem. (Wall Street Journal)
In 1947, the UN Special Committee on Palestine, with representatives from 11 countries, found during their visit a well-organized Jewish community that had already created the institutions necessary for an independent state. As Professor Kenneth Stein of Emory University wrote, "The United Nations decided to partition Palestine into an Arab and Jewish state because of the realities on the ground, not because of collective emotions of guilt." During the 50 years of intense Zionist nation-building activity prior to 1947, the Jewish community of Palestine had created Hebrew-speaking schools, Hebrew newspapers, Hebrew theatre, agriculture, industry, a health care system and a Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
The Zionist organization was created in 1897 with the goal of creating a Jewish state in Palestine, the ancient homeland of the Jewish people. Land was legally purchased from Arab landowners by the Jewish National Fund. Prior to the outbreak of World War II, and the Nazi Holocaust, the Jewish population of Palestine had already numbered 450,000. When the members of UNSCOP made their decision in 1947 to recommend the partition of Palestine into two states, one Jewish and one Arab, they were simply validating a reality that already existed.
In November 1947, the UN General Assembly voted to accept the partition of Palestine. On Dec. 1, the London Times published an editorial that supported the decision: "It is hard to see how the Arab world, still less the Arabs of Palestine, will suffer from what is mere recognition of an accomplished fact - the presence in Palestine of a compact, well-organized, and virtually autonomous Jewish community." The Jewish people earned the right to statehood through the hard labor and sweat of Jewish pioneers. Recognition of this fundamental truth will open the door to peace through the two-state solution.
It’s been nearly eight years since Wall Street journalist Daniel Pearl was kidnapped and brutally murdered in Pakistan.In that time, his family and friends, along with many others, have built a powerful and effective organization dedicated to his memory, The Daniel Pearl Foundation.While it goes about its educational and journalistic work, the foundation has also successfully put together a month of worldwide music events that occur throughout October on an annual basis.
“Daniel Pearl World Music Days” may seem an incongruous way to celebrate the life of a man known best for his writing and reporting. But, in fact, music was a large part of his life. According to the foundation’s Web site, “Music turned out to be an essential form of expression for Danny and led him to become a fixture in several bands throughout the world, where he improvised on the electric violin, fiddle, or mandolin. Today, friends and colleagues still recall how quickly he would pick up an instrument when he sensed an occasion, such as writing a song for a pregnant friend past her due date, or the Christmas night when he entertained downhearted co-workers at his office.”
Started in October 2002 in celebration of what would have been Pearl’s 39th birthday, Daniel Pearl World Music Days has grown to a festival with more than 3,100 events in 85 countries.This year, the Seattle segment of the World Music Days event, a part of the International Harmony for Humanity Concert Network, is scheduled for Sun., Oct. 25 at the Kline Galland Home in Seattle’s Seward Park neighborhood from 2 to 4 p.m.
Admission is free.The eclectic line-up includes Rabbi Jim Mirel; the Seattle All Star Klezmer Band; Jacquelina’s Dances of Spain; Marianna, which features with cantor/keyboardist Marina Belenky, guitarist Anna Vasilevskaya, and bass player Oleg Ruvinov; vocalist Gabby Bonner; musical theater diva Joanne Klein; jazz musician Marc Smason; guitarist Ari Zucker and Nick Heiting & Bonnie Burch.
According to David Brumer, director of social services at Kline Galland, this is the second year Kline Galland Home will dedicate their concert as part of the annual Daniel Pearl World Music Days network.“Last year, we had Daniel’s father, Judea, here as a guest speaker and he told us about the World Music event,” he said. “It was already October, but we were able to put together an event and be a part of it. This year, we are ready and have been getting ready to enthusiastically have our second annual event.”
Judea Pearl, president of the foundation bearing his son’s name, said the most important part of any of the performances under the World Music Days banner is letting the audience know about the principles for which the younger Pearl stood.“Danny was a talented musician and principled journalist who respected all cultures,” said Judea Pearl. “World Music Days is part of his legacy to raise awareness of our common humanity. All musicians, no matter their genre, are invited to dedicate performances held from October 1-31 each year.”
Marina Belenky, left, and Anna Vasilevskaya are principals in Marianna, a trio that plays traditional Jewish and world music. They are joined by Oleg Ruvinov (not pictured). They will be performing at a concert dedicated to the memory of journalist Daniel Pearl on Oct. 25 at the Kline Galland Home in Seattle’s Seward Park neighborhood. photo courtesy Marina Belenky
Borrowing from Jeffrey Goldberg's post of last Friday. Rabbi Wolpe's observation reminded me of Seattle Professor Martin Jaffee's eloquent take on why particularism must precede universalism. See also my blogpost on Natan Sharansky regarding the importance of identity from August of 2008, when he was here on his book (Defending Identity) tour.
Rabbi Shlomo Carelbach used to say that if he met a person who said "I'm a Catholic" he knew he was a Catholic. If he met a person who said "I'm a Protestant" he knew he was a Protestant. If he met a person who said "I'm a human being" he knew he was a Jew.
Jews have led some of the great universalist movements of the world. They did so under the illusion that if all people were just alike, the thorny problem of being different would disappear. It never did. It never should. Being a Jew is not a problem but a blessing and a destiny.
There is no such thing as a person in general. Each individual grows up with a certain family, land, heritage, language and culture. To deny it is to cast off a piece of oneself. Jewish is not opposed to being human; rather it is an ancient and beautiful way to be human.
In every age there are those who dream of homogenizing the world. It is an ignoble dream. When we honor difference we honor the One who created this diverse, multicolored pageant of a world.
The k’lal (the universal) was always known only through the prat (the particular). The road to universal human fellow-feeling first wound its circuitous route through the tangled pathways of intense Jewish communal solidarity.Which may have something to do with my dad’s response when, years ago, I came home from college touting the prophecies of Rosa Luxemburg, about whom I’d learned in a political science course. Jews, I proclaimed (over a plate of borscht with sour cream), should lead humanity out of the darkness of its particularistic atavisms into the clear light of “world citizenship.” This time, Dad knew better than to argue. He just looked up to the Heavens, spread out his hands in the classic Zero Mostel-Tevye pose and mocked: “I love humanity; it’s the people I can’t stand!”It took me years to understand the depth of his insight and satire. How easy it is to love a concept, and how difficult to love reality in all its particular messiness! How easy to forget that, if humanity is a family, it begins with a real mother, a real father, real brothers and real sisters — those who speak your language, know the smells of your kitchen, share your nightmares, and, it must be said, hate your enemies and love your friends, because, after all is said and done, “you are our flesh and blood.”
Just this, I suppose, is what irritates so many “universalists” (Jewish and otherwise) about the centrality of the concept of ahavas Yisroel (“Jewish love for Jews”) in Jewish ethical thought. Why shouldn’t Jews love all humanity equally? Why focus on the insular, bounded “tribe” at the expense of the whole? Isn’t “tribalism” the root of all social evil? The simple answer is: You can’t love “humanity” unless you see in it some familiar faces. It’s through the love called forth by those faces that we learn to see in them something larger — “humanity” as a potential community — something that never really exists, although we strive to reach it. While love of the “tribe” can certainly descend to “tribalism,” it is also true that “humanity” is revealed most richly through the “tribe.” When we lose our “tribe,” we lose the very thing that enables us to find a wider place in the universally “human.”
On July 16th, former refusenik and living hero, Natan Sharansky spoke before about a hundred people at Seattle Town Hall, making the case that strong identities are the best bulwark against tyranny and fundamentalism. His new book, "Defending Identity" points the way towards reinvigorating the West in its struggle to maintain its freedoms and democracies in an increasingly intolerant world.Sharanksy begins with John Lennon's idealistic song "Imagine," where the future utopia will consist of a borderless world "and the world will live as one.
He contrasts this with the declaration by the spiritual leader of Al Qaeda that "we will win because the West loves life and we love death." Hezbollah's leader, Hassan Nasrallah, said the same in an interview in 2004, after a prisoner swap (yes, another earlier one) between Israel and his group: "We have discovered how to hit the Jews where they are the most vulnerable. The Jews love life, so that is what we shall take away from them. We are going to win, because they love life and we love death."
It would be a mistake though to assume that these Islamic fundamentalists are crazed martyrs who wish death upon themselves for its own sake. Rather, their identity is a powerful force that gives meaning and purpose to life beyond the physical and material. The jihadists hold beliefs--however horrifying and foreign to us--for which they are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice. And they see the West as divorced from any distinct sense of identity, unwilling to make sacrifices for any cause larger than the self. In short, they see us as having lost the will to fight, defend or die for our beliefs. And indeed, for many in the West, John Lennon's song has become an anthem of post-modern, post-nationalist universalism.
Media analyst, writer, and consultant on Middle Eastern affairs.In 2005 he received "Congressional Recognition for Excellence in Public Diplomacy in Support of Israel" on behalf of his work with The Israel Project. David was Administrator of the first Jewish Hospice in the Pacific Northwest.
Dennis Ross gives a frank assessment of where the peace process failed. He presciently addresses the failure of the international community to hold the Hamas government accountable for the almost daily barrages of Qassam missiles into southern Israel following Israel's withdrawal from Gaza in the summer of '05. Less than a month after his presentation, Hamas tunnels into Israel and kills two soldiers, kidnapping a third. And still the international community remained largely silent. http://www.zionismontheweb.org/brumer/articles/Ambassador_Dennis_Ross_addresses_The%20Israel_Project_Media_Fellow.doc
Dynavolt have taken some of the most popular maintenance free and conventional battery models (eg YTX9BS andYB4L-B) and developed upgrade batteries using MG technology. These upgrade batteries offer improved battery performance over the original battery type, and as they are factory sealed and activated they do not require acid-filling to commission.
Valve regulated lead acid batteries once activated, are totally sealed. This eliminates spills and leakages, making them particularly suitable for motorcycles, ATVs and personal watercraft. Each battery is supplied with an easy-fill acid pack for activation, no further maintenance or topping up is required. Robust and vibration resistant, maintenance free batteries last up to three times longer than conventional batteries.
Chosen by motorcycle manufacturers as one of the best know make of motorbike batteries used often used as a manufacturers fitted part on hundreds of models of motorbike. well respected as a good motorbike battery for meay years in the motorcycle industry. A high quality motorcycle battery maintenance free and long lasting.
Information: Some models come as dry charge lead acid battery with separately contained electrolyte as needed.
The lastest in motorcycle battery technology, Lithium Ion batteries are the lightest and most environmentally friendly options on market.
More than 65% weight saving of normal lead-acid type batteries, makes Lithium Ion batteries perfect for track and race bikes where weight reduction is an enhancement.
Unique casing design with spacers for exact height adjustment, cases are same size as the original battery that is being replaced.
Information: Bits4motorbikes dry charge lead acid battery kits, come with battery, separately contained electrolyte and a battery acid funnel, as standard.
Notes: Chewed berry juice swallowed, infusion of berries taken or mashed berries eaten for diarrhea.
Successful projects are delivered through the application of sound engineering principles, which are balanced and influenced by Federal, State, County and/or community standards and site aesthetics. Underlying but connecting these elements are the common threads of attention to detail, client communication, cost control and a final product that is provided within established time frames. Whether it’s a streetscape, local municipal road, County roadway or multi-lane high speed expressway, Naik is experienced in dealing with each unique project and its own set of challenges.
Our team recognizes that well-conceived plans are based upon a comprehensive understanding of the project requirements and investigation of site constraints performed prior to development of the design and construction plan. We perform a detailed review of all existing records and data together with on-site exploration as required upon project initiation. Our experience encompasses projects ranging from county roadways and highways to large-scale controlled access highways throughout New York and New Jersey.
NAIK believes that distinctly successful projects are achieved through the application of sound engineering principals, which are balanced and influenced by community standards and site aesthetics. Read More »
NAILS Magazine is the professional’s choice. We feature the latest in Technique, Style, Business, and Health issues to help nail techs and salon owners do their jobs better and make money!
Recipe for Giada de Laurentiis’ Double Chocolate Chip Cookies: 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, such as Ghiradelli, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces 2 x 10+12 pounds of chocolate is produced worldwide each year. 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature According to nutritiondata.com, one tablespoon of butter has 420 kilojules of energy—all from fat. 420 kilojoules is [...]
We have just received news of our first Powers of 10 event in South America! It will be in Brazil – where almost 200,000,000 people (10+8) live and which covers the area of about 8,500,000 square kilometers. (10+6) There will be a screening of the film on 10/10/10 in Curitiba, Parana. View Powers of 10 [...]
It’s a year since Katie & Dan‘s wedding and we love to look back at their beautiful sunny day. Their Prague wedding was styled into shades of purple colours and romantic design.
Even our clients from around the world often wish to include some of the Czech wedding traditions into their wedding. Since the wedding takes place in the Czech Republic, we think it’s a lovely idea and the wedding guests always find it interesting.
Every year, we find symbolic ceremonies becoming more and more popular. They are seaked not just by couples who prefer not to worry about completing legal documents for their destination wedding but also by couples who wish to have a complete freedom when costomizing their wedding ceremony.
With the snow melting outside and the sun fighting it's battle, it really seems like we just cannot wait for Spring and Summer to arrive now.. we all need the heat and the excitement of the new wedding season.
Elopement weddings are one of our favorites.. Just two people in love, beautiful garden, priest and amazing photographer to capture the precious moments.
We have a soft spot for the The Alchymist Grand hotel and spa in Prague. Located in the heart of the Lesser town, right bellow the Prague Castle area, this 5 star boutique hotel is all you can wish for.
In my article, “Are you Starting to Feel the QuickBooks Pain with 15 or More Employees?”, I discuss how organizations experience growing challenges around their business management software. It became clear there is another way you can see if your company is ready for Advanced Growth. If you can answer “yes” to these questions for your company, then you are a strong candidate for the power unlocked by software systems such as NetSuite:
1. Are your products and services sufficiently stabilized in that you now just need more marketing and selling to produce rapid growth?
2. Is your company profitable, but you are concerned that as you grow, your margin is going to be compressed due to inefficient processes?
3. Do you seek operational excellence, so that “the right hand knows what the left hand is doing”? Meaning, do you want to see that all energy expended in your business forwards you towards your growth goals and is not “low value” on efforts like copying and importing data, reconciling systems and working hard to stay under control?
4. Do you see that growth will require strong talent in your management organization and you want to produce a culture of commitments and accountability?
While many organizations may say they wish for these capacities, they may not be ready for it. Instead, in the early part of their growth, they may be working on getting their product mix right; or they may be working on marketing and selling strategies and have yet to find the practice that unlocks advanced growth. Perhaps culturally, they don’t see the value of working together as a team that has a strong focus, a shared narrative, and linked practices.
Once you are ready for operational excellence with profitable advanced growth, a full-integrated business management tool, like NetSuite, becomes foundational. NetSuite has figured out that they are much better positioned to serve organizations in this situation. Read “NetSuite stops selling to smaller businesses. Congratulations” by Deniss Howlett at ZDNet.
It is our position that companies are well-served by working with a professional services firm, like mine, that will tailor NetSuite, and coordinate action to drive required change in organizations who seek to produce operational excellence and handsome profit.
Holding all three official certifications, Marty is Southern California's NetSuite expert and leads a team of senior professionals at Prolecto Resources, Inc. He is a former Deloitte & Touche CPA and has held CTO roles. For over 25 years, Marty has produced leadership in ERP, CRM and eCommerce business systems. Contact Marty to set up a conversation.
August 15, 2011 | Tags: Accounting, Accounting Practices, accounting software, business growth, business growth challenges, business strategy, CRM, CRM Software, eCommerce, ERP, erp accounting software, erp software, erp system integration, growing your business, Implementation, inquirer, integrated business management software, Management Practices, NetSuite, NetSuite Expert Southern CA, NetSuite small business, Quickbooks, quickbooks software review, small business growth | Category: ERP, Management, NetSuite, Strategy | 4 Comments
[…] summary, NetSuite helps a business becomes more effective and efficient. Low value activities are processed in the system versus […]
[…] a lot of sense if you are committed to operational excellence. For example, see my article, Four Questions to Ask if your Business is Ready for Advanced Growth with NetSuite to learn about the customer profile and business situations that indicate high […]
[…] successfully grown their business to the point that Quickbooks is now choking their growth. See my article here about the common pattern. The general complaints fall into these […]
[…] customers to join a program where they will receive a new health supplement every three months. NetSuite will track and schedule the order, fulfillment, and the recurring billing. Instead of each of these […]
In my last post, I wrote about the Lonesome Dove Problem—i.e., my lifelong struggle to find a girthy novel as totally absorbing as Larry McMurtry’s masterpiece—and attempted to identify some common denominators shared by Lonesome Dove and a few other totally absorbing novels, so that I might be better equipped to analyze future selections based on their potential Lonesome Dove-esque-ness.
In the process of addressing the Lonesome Dove Problem, however, I realized that I have other Problems—i.e., other books or groups of books which, for seemingly inane reasons, I’ve elevated onto impossibly specific pedestals that inherently resist new entries (see also: “Lonesome Dove-esque-ness”). Which brings me to…
It’s lucky that Crush, Richard Siken’s Yale Younger Poets Award-winning first collection, is so much shorter than Lonesome Dove, because I literally carried Crush everywhere I went for three or four years. It was like my poetry-security blanket. Which is funny, because Crush offers little security—in fact, it totally upended my entire aesthetic sense of self as both a reader and a writer.
Before Crush, I was afraid of messy poems. I liked my poems short n’ sweet n’ clever, with last lines that tied everything up in neat little bows, almost like punch lines.
But the poems in Crush are decidedly, unapologetically messy. They hurtle; they sprawl. They end awkwardly. They blurt out their secrets. After I read Crush, everything else felt limp, stale, tame.
For a while, I did look—that is, I flipped through poetry collections to get a visual sense of their messiness. But just because a poet hits the “tab” key a lot doesn’t ensure a Crush-worthy collection. The engine driving Siken’s messy passion, it seems, isn’t purely visual.
Just when I’d given up all hope of ever being Crushed again, I happened upon Jericho Brown’s Please.
Brown’s poems aren’t nearly as messy as Siken’s, nor is he quite so monomaniacal; while Siken kind of goes zero-to-sixty from “I love you” to “OH MY GOD IF THERE EVEN IS A GOD WE’RE ALL GOING TO DIE,” Brown offers nuanced musings not only on sex and relationships but also on music, form, family, race, and history.
But my response to Please was immediate and visceral, and immediately, viscerally reminiscent of my reaction to Crush.
“The common denominator here is obvious,” you might point out, smugly. “You have a Gay Male Poets Who Title Their Collections With Single Words That Could Be Interpreted As Multiple Parts of Speech and Whose Cover Art Features A Close-Up Photograph of a Stubbled Chin Problem:”
Exhibit B: a disproportionate number of my favorite single poems are also authored by gay men. Gay men whose collection titles have more than one word, and whose cover art is 100% chin-free. The heteros, the lesbos, the variably conflicted and confused—no other orientation is half as well represented in my personal canon.
First and foremost, I’m not claiming that “all gay male poets,” let alone “all gay men,” share the same preoccupations and quirks. That would be ridiculous, especially since I’m quoting only from contemporary gay male poets I know and love—an extremely incomplete list.
Second and secondmost, I’m also not aiming to make a comprehensive list of said preoccupations and quirks—not even for the specific gay male poets I cite.
Third and thirdmost, I’m aware that my observations may be informed by my own stereotypes and presumptions, though I certainly do my best to avoid this.
In other words, I’m just taking a first stab at answering those potentially Problem-solving questions: What do these things have in common? Why do I love them so much? And how can I find more like them?
Finally! In vaguely associative order, and with a fair amount of overlap between observational categories, here’s what these poems have in common.
• Blurred boundaries between violence and tenderness. Some of these poems like it rough. Some of them wish they didn’t. Some of them get too rough, and then they’re not sure if they like it. Or sometimes they don’t like it rough, but rough is the only way they seem able to find it.
• On a related note, penetration. Which, in these poems, often feels more like permeation (as in penetration that diffuses, infuses, spreads) or breach (as in, of boundaries, of defenses):
• On a related note, complex power dynamics. Sure, some of these poems are pretty explicitly about BDSM and related activities. But the language of power is applied outside the bedroom/dungeon, too, creating an atmosphere in which intimacy involves constant negotiation of control—who has it, who wants it, who takes it, who wants to give it up.
• The unshakable presence of death. The sex/death connection is hardly revolutionary (see also: la petit mort). But death feels especially present in these poems—sometimes spectral, sometimes explicit, but often inextricably tied to sex and desire. Taken together, these lines suggest a world in which intimacy can be contagious, toxic, risky.
isn’t he the one who looked upward into your gawp as if a deathbed held him against you. he was living, then. you were both living
and the vessel protruded, your hull dragging up onto the beach, his carcass already a carcass on the sand, no, he was a darling critter
a feral thing, but he struck you, he bit you, and you broke inside and the condom broke, shoddy piece, princeling, posturer, dirty dirty beast
OK, so maybe this isn’t really that much of a Problem. After all, there are more gay male poets than Lonesome Doves. But perhaps this analysis still yields some insight into what it is that I look for in poetry, regardless of its Crush-esque-ness. Urgency. Avoidance of sentimentality. Unexpected tenderness. Complex dynamics. Palpable heat.
Then again, I hesitate to end by praising these poems for their universality. I remember reading various rave reviews of Brokeback Mountain (screenplay by Larry McMurtry, holy full circle!), which repeatedly praised the film as “a love story for everyone.” The highest accolade available to a gay movie, it seemed, was, “Don’t worry—it’s not a gay movie.”
But Brokeback Mountain is a deeply gay movie, about the specifically gay phenomenon of the closet, without which Ennis and Jack would presumably have come down off the mountain and lived happily ever after.
And my gut tells me there is something, well, gay about these poems—something that doesn’t preclude their universality, but that also distinguishes them from their hetero/lesbo/etc counterparts.
What do you guys think? Are gay male poets especially adept at stuff like urgency, unexpected tenderness, heat, etc? If so, why?
Ali Shapiro is a recent graduate of the MFA program in poetry at the University of Michigan, where she sometimes teaches composition and creative writing. Her poems and comics have been published in RATTLE, Redivider, Linebreak, PANK, Cutbank, Hobart and The Rumpus. She's the recipient of a Thomas J. Watson Fellowship, scholarships from the Fine Arts Work Center and the Vermont Studio Center, and Dorothy Sargent Rosenberg Poetry Prizes in various denominations. Follow her on Twitter @alishapir0.
Another major shift in automation is the increased demand for flexibility and convertibility in manufacturing processes. Manufacturers are increasingly demanding the ability to easily switch from manufacturing Product A to manufacturing Product B without having to completely rebuild the production lines. Flexibility and distributed processes have led to the introduction of Automated Guided Vehicles with Natural Features Navigation.
Jason's been knee deep in videogames since he was but a lad. Cutting his teeth on the pixely glory that was the Atari 2600, he's been hack'n'slashing and shoot'em'uping ever since. Mainly an FPS and action guy, Jason enjoys the occasional well crafted title from every genre.
hi we our four here so we wanted you to be satisfied and makes our cum ummmmm so what are you waiting for?
Los Angeles based soul/pop outfit, HEЯITAGE, release their new single “Red Lips.” The soul driven track, flavored with old-school hip-hop, brings awareness to self-confidence as it relates to physical appearance. With clever lyrics like “does fear not exist with those red lips?” and “are you still you, without those red lips?” they encourage a conversation
Written and Published by Caribbean people, CaribbeanPOSH.com is the voice of the global Caribbean Woman. We take pride in her unique identity; through the celebration of her vibrate style and beauty; and love of her heritage.
The singer and songwriter Match making for boy and girl GreenwichBe My Baby, Chapel of Love then a teenager living on Long Island, was so taken by the record that she named herself Ellie Gaye when she embarked on her recording career. This is a four the dating doctor david coleman fun date filled with water, laughter and shenanigans! The love bwtween Nick and Nickie is young but strong, these two love birds want to chat to each maming without being disturb by their parents or anything els that may mess up their conversation. What Our customers Say. If the boy in the printed T finally works up the courage to go talk to that gorgeous party gi
Emo is a couple from Stars in your eyes dating agency. After eating breakfast this morning, senior dating sites free uk adventurous baby went into the royal garden to smell the freshly blossomed flowers, but wa They plan on spending the whole day in the studi Why match making for boy and girl my marriage getting delayed Q2.
Zoe's bringing her whole family to the dentist! Xmas Mischief Part 1. After listening to her, they improvised music to match her vocals. He tried to swipe one of their fkr, and now they're on his trail to take him down, and steal their bananas back! Archived from the original on December 10, Ice Skating Slacking Hot Game.
Being a girls' rock party, the dressing Each koota has a specific role or match making for boy and girl part to play. Tiki Cafe Waitress Hot Game. The story of my Life. Princess Bell dating sites for singles over 60 taking a break from ajd of her royal responsibilities so that she can enjoy a fabulous vacation getaway on a gorgeous Hawaiian resort.
Dress up in some flirty fla However, Nell is fod let down and so Woody in Nell's body decides to confront Nicky. Nowadays, due to advancements in naking, you also get the facility of online janam kundli reading, But consultation with astrologer is advisable. So get involved and tell us how our Sports gamesour Action gamesand our Maling Games make you get up, get out, and dance! Dress up in some comfy pajamas and cuddle up t College Girls New Dress.
Msking she asked him out on a solitary date so that she can introduce him to a matcu frothing friend in a tin In fact, Barbie loves to dress up in makinng cowgirl Other than these factors, the practise of Kundali matching also fills you makkng a positive confidence.
Stay stylish and stay tu These three popular college girls match making for boy and girl the leaders girll their sorority group and they are having a girls' rock party catchy headline for dating sites weekend, where boys are also invited.
The best way to learn who is living next to you is by inviting them over for a dinner party. Especially when you've got so many cute boys and See the Rasi of the boy and girl, their lords should be friendly or neutral. Don't let any of the other fairies see you two together First you must compose the face by choosing, rotating and scaling the hair, shape, eyebrows, eyes, nose, lips and ears.
And now they are all grown up, and their signature sense of style has grown up with them. These two party animals maatch love getting ready for a great night out! This mtach boy and his hot new girlfriend goy want some time alone so they can smooch it up but the prying eyes of the other boarders are always getting in the way! This is a very important agreement. Join your favorite couples for the New Year Party and help them find the perfect outfits! He's filled to the brim with talent!
This cute baby boy was enjoying a slice of chocolate cake when searing match making for boy and girl suddenly caused him to drop his fork and scream in pain.
It's just mathc annoying that you only get to spend 45 minutes a day with him! Dress her up for her first kiss from a handsome boy! They are not money suckers like others match making for boy and girl they matvh very accurate predictions. Do you match making for boy and girl a color that you think looks best on you?
The Best Love Test Ever. Match making for boy and girl macth her cute rural wear, and may These subjects gitl believed to test a pair in all the aspects of married life. There can be 4 kinds of significators of each of the houses.
Choose from your favorite uniforms or cute outfits and bags. But choosing what to wear for a first date isn't always easy, especially when you really want to impress the other These two celebrities were just in a movie together, and their steamy on-screen romance carried on even after the cameras were off. My Fabulous Majing Date. She's always dreamed about going to prom with her best friends in the area, but it would be ideal if she could also find a cute boy without a date to slow dance with.
Get a lock and key for the title page, so no one tries to break in and read your p Certain stars are mutually anti or opposite to each other. Your plan is to go shopping right after work. Every expected couple is tested in all the eight subjects with different methods.
Our match making for boy and girl astrologer provides exhaustive analysis of both the horoscope and give the best and fare report so that you at&t 4g speed dating commercial a happy and contended married life. We also have a very special offer match making for boy and girl the people who are searching a right match for themselves or anyone in their family and are having more than three horoscopes in their hand to get matched.
Woody Deane Kevin Zegers and Nell Bedworth Fog Armstrong are neighbors and former childhood friends who go to the same high school, but are otherwise completely different. Counting from that of the girl if the star of the boy comes as 4, 7, 10, 13, 16, 22, 25 they agree. These girls are single, saucy and match making for boy and girl for some action!
Back to School Fashion. Dress up this amazing wood-carved girl into a fairy nad Don't get caught standing ahd to him or people might be suspicious t Kid's Jump Brain Teaser. Then I Contacted Akashvaani. My friend told me about this website and see it. The method of Kundali is developed by ancient mzking. Naadi Dosh is when the Naadi of the Proposed Husband is similar to proposed wife.
Zoe Family at the Dentist. There is a Tiki Cafe near her grandparents' house, so now she can work and have fun all booy This cute boy loves Anna and he wants to give her love Anna a spacial gift. When will I get married? This agreement confers general happiness of marital life. Rapunzel is pregnant and she is thinking to decorate a room for her unborn baby. Will she ever meet the boy of her dreams again? This lovely girl has just been asked to prom by the most handsome boy in school.
Can you help her to find about me in dating sites examples super sexy and beautiful outfit? Melissa's not the kind of girl to be played. After that, he goes to the football game and watches Nell run in the winning touchdown in the closing seconds. All of the mill businesses in this area are full of rural living strong boys. Match making for boy and girl above option will generate free match making reports: Zayn Malik From One Direction.
Don't scare him, but don't be afraid to flirt a little before leaning forward for a kiss on the cheek! Super tough denim, casual button ups, or chilled out prints! Mzking Terms and Conditions Refund Policy. You can't work out for as long and as hard as Justin has without garnering a little bit of attention and admiration from your fellow gym rats.
Enter your issue Optional. Maybe she should leave the boy's behind for a while and just focus on her best 100 free dating sites uk new adorable puppy. This darling little dude collects everything! Horoscope Matching Report is manually prepared detailed report in which we what online dating site is right for me you with an in-depth analysis maatch compatibility between two people.
Order your Horoscope Matching Report Match Making in Indian Vedic Astrology. Marriage is a very solemn binding for the bride and the groom. In India it is a very sacred occasion for the Hindus. "My Boy Lollipop" (originally "My Girl Lollypop") is a song written in the mids by Robert Spencer of the doo-wop group The Cadillacs, and usually credited to Spencer, Morris Levy, and Johnny carinsuranceirq.info was first recorded in New York in by Barbie Gaye.A later version, recorded in by Jamaican teenager Millie Small, with very similar rhythm, became one of the top selling ska songs. Free porutham or kundali milan or vedic Match making or kundli match Tool.
DURANT – DHS alum Turner Norman is in Durant and will be performing at a one-night event at the First Presbyterian Church.
He will be playing the bassoon at a recital for friends, family and the public. The one-hour concert is set to begin at 6:30 p.m. and admission is free.
“This started out as a concert for my family and friends because living in Las Vegas and attending school there, they can’t really get out there and come hear me play,” Norman said. “So I decided, you know, why not come back here and host a concert for friends and family and the public.
“Really, I’m studying the bassoon itself. I learn about the history of the bassoon. I’ve learned how to make reeds for the bassoon – the reed is like a piece of cane that you blow on to produce a tone on the instrument. And that also includes playing the bassoon in ensembles and giving recitals.”
He has completed one of the required recitals for school and will perform another at Doc Rando Recital Hall this coming spring.
Norman graduated with the Class of 2015 and was the drum major for the Pride of Durant in 2013-2014 and 2014-2015.
He was an All-State bassoonist for three years and was the principle bassoonist for the All-State Orchestra his junior and senior years.
1 2v batteries products - cheap 1 2v batteries products for sale, buy cheap 1 2v batteries products from 97902 1 2v batteries suppliers and 1 2v batteries companies
...The outdoor thermostatic battery cabinet is designed to separate the battery working environment in base stations, and to create an individual thermostatic environment for ...
... 450MAH 1.35WH Internation normal name: Rechargeable RCR123A long circle life: 2000times The battery is rechargeable battery , and the voltage is 3.2v same as the primary CR123A ...
Muon-based neutrino sources are enticing due to their ability to create consistent, high-intensity mixed neutrino beams. On the other hand, muon colliders present an opportunity to conduct leptonic experiments at unprecedented energy levels while keeping the facility size quite compact. However, for both of these facilities ionization cooling is a crucial component. The design of these novel cooling channels requires many simulation software tools to be augmented with new experimental results for various types of absorbers. COSY Infinity has many features for advanced lattice design, and will in the future be outfitted with tools that can accurately evaluate matter-dominated lattices of a wide variety. One of these tools will parameterize probability distribution function terms in order to add a stochastic perturbative kick at the end of a step inside such a lattice, which will emulate random effects. These step sizes will be able to be varied without significant loss of accuracy from 0.1 mm (for high magnetic fields) to 10 cm (for no magnetic fields).
It's been quite a year! Served my first session in the Maine House as it's youngest official. Formed the Youth Caucus with my colleagues to bridge the political divide with legislators under 30. Became the state director of the Young Elected Officials Network. Received my B.S. degree from Lyndon State College. Named one of the most influential young LGBT Americans in the country on The Advocate magazine's list of Forty under 40 as the youngest openly gay legislator. Passed into law my bill to allow teachers to grade community service as a graduation standard and my bill to make highway speeds safer by using engineering science vs. political science; even went live on WCSH 6 to clarify details of my proposal. Spoke at HOBY Maine, Young Democrats of America Northeast Conference, Maine Youth Action Network Conference, and was flown out to Ohio to speak with Maumee Valley Country Day School about youth involvement. Wrapped up the Saco Bikes for Kids project donating 25 bikes and equipment to the Saco Parks & Recreation Department. Helped kick off the first Unite Against Bullying ME Walk, Run or Roll event to help raise awareness for bullying. An independent feature film I had a small acting role in, How to Make Movies at Home, premiered in Maine. Featured in a Honda commercial about the Drive-In campaign and ultimately after 10 months of work helped save the Saco Drive-In Theaterwith owner Ry and Camille. Became a notary public. Started my first business Chenette Media LLC. Just to name a few things. Onward to 2014! Happy New Year!!!!
Press Releases and News Stories about the work being done in the local community and in the state legislature.
Define and differentiate between Frequency distribution, Relative frequency, and Cumulative frequency
The test format may include True/False, Multiple Choice, and Short Answer questions as you’ve seen on Quizzes. In addition, you should prepare for questions requiring Numerical Calculation, Short Essay, Case Study with business decision interpretation and production of Charts or Graphs similar to what’s been on the Exercises (but without any need for a laptop or other computing device).
Feel free to post questions here and I will do my best to answer in advance or during class Thursday.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (19) September 2018 (17) August 2018 (8) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (18) March 2018 (13) February 2018 (16) January 2018 (11) November 2017 (11) October 2017 (17) September 2017 (16) August 2017 (9) July 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (19) March 2017 (16) February 2017 (18) January 2017 (11) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (12) October 2016 (19) September 2016 (17) August 2016 (8) April 2016 (16) March 2016 (15) February 2016 (14) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (23) October 2015 (23) September 2015 (23) August 2015 (20) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (18) March 2015 (13) February 2015 (14) January 2015 (21) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (18) October 2014 (15) September 2014 (25) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (11) April 2014 (17) March 2014 (13) February 2014 (19) January 2014 (19) December 2013 (8) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (20) September 2013 (24) August 2013 (6) June 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) December 2012 (4) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (15) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (5) March 2012 (19) February 2012 (10)
Justin Holman is CEO of Aftermarket Analytics, where he leads efforts to develop cutting edge sales forecasting and inventory optimization technology for the Automotive Aftermarket. Prior to joining Aftermarket Analytics, Justin managed corporate consulting for the Strategy & Analytics division at MapInfo Corporation, leading major projects for retail clients including The Home Depot, Darden Restaurants, Bridgestone-Firestone, Sainsbury’s and New York & Company. Before that, Justin served as Vice President of Software Development at LogicTools, now part of IBM's supply chain application software group. Justin holds a B.A. from Claremont McKenna College, a Ph.D. from the University of Oregon and an Executive Management certificate from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management.
Swindon Advertiser Column: This Is An Important New Role & I've Certainly Hit The Ground Running - Justin Tomlinson
Your contact details are used in accordance with our Data Collection and Use policy. For information on this, please see our privacy notice here. By submitting your email address, you agree for it to be used in accordance with this policy.
On Monday evening, the Prime Minister asked me to return to the Department of Work and Pensions as the Minister for Family Support, Housing and Child Maintenance – a role I was delighted to accept.
I am very excited to return to the DWP. After 14 months as the Minister for Disabled People, I continued to be proactive on these issues; hosting disability charities at my Community Office in Swindon and being a part of the influential Work & Pensions Select Committee in Parliament.
My brief is a little different this time, including issues as diverse as child maintenance, housing benefit, and bereavement support. These are important issues which have a significant impact on people’s lives, so I look forward to meeting with and hearing from people affected by these issues, to understand how the Government can support them.
I’ve certainly hit the ground running. After a first day packed with briefings to get up to speed, Wednesday saw me respond to my first debate in my new role on a familiar issue – support for people with Motor Neurone Disease.
This is an issue I have done a huge amount of work on both locally & nationally. In particular, the debate allowed me to pay tribute to Heather Smith & the fantastic local Motor Neurone Disease Association in Swindon, who provide amazing support to people with MND and who I have welcomed to my Community Office on several occasions to host events.
As fellow local residents will know, I am assiduous in making sure their ideas & concerns are heard by Ministers. My new role will not change that: I will continue to provide a strong voice in Parliament for local residents. Being a Minister gives me a fresh opportunity to ensure our town’s voice is heard at the highest level.
Parliament has been a frenzy of press speculation since last Friday’s update on plans for delivering Brexit.
As a Brexit voter myself, Friday’s announcement was clear. We are leaving the EU in March 2019 and doing so will mean: no more free movement so we take back control of our borders; no more sending vast sums of money to the EU each year; our laws will be made by our Parliament & enforced by our courts; and we will have a new business-friendly customs model which allows us to trade with the EU & strike new deals around the world. That is exactly what I voted for in the Referendum.
Friday’s announcement struck a positive balance: delivering the democratic will of the people, addressing the concerns & suggestions of businesses (Honda and BMW locally for example), and acknowledging the reality of the Parliamentary numbers (we cannot escape the fact we do not have a majority and that at every stage of the Brexit Bill so far opposition MPs have voted against to try & wreck it).
Collectively, MPs of all parties have a duty to work together. This is about our future. With this Brexit deal, we can deliver on the referendum result, secure a brighter future for the UK, and truly make it a country that works for everyone.
On a final note, while it was disappointing for England to be knocked out of the World Cup on Wednesday, our young squad under Gareth Southgate can only get better, and we look forward to the European Championships with renewed hope.
Promoted by K Bennett on behalf of Justin Tomlinson, both of Swindon Conservatives, Suite 14, Unit C, The Dorcan Complex, Faraday Road SN3 5HQ
About Photo #3939774: Robert Pattinson hits the red carpet for the premiere of his movie Good Time on Tuesday night (August 8) at the SVA Theater in New York City. The 31-year-old…	Read More Here
Dunlop flatwound bass guitar strings were developed to give your bass the vintage sound of those rock, funk and R & B recordings of the fifties and sixties. Although superior strings for this classic style, their tonal versatility is unrivaled. You will hear their clear, solid fundamental and excellent string to string balanced output. Flatwound strings allow a low action not found with roundwound strings and have greatly reduce string noise. These strings are designed for lower tension. Dunlop says, �Rolling off your bass� tone knob takes you from a modern punchy and articulate sound to that classically deep, mellow thump flatwound strings are famous for.�
An good auto diagnostic tool could help you save much money. Visit obding.com have various options; In addition , it can help you will quickly realize some particularly the VAG diagnostics to your car.
Vehicle maintenance isn't usually an issue that a typical person acknowledges until there's a concern. Besides getting an oil change every 3,000 miles and clogging your gutters tires, many people do little maintenance and maintenance for vehicle unless there's a concern. Although this may go for some time, eventually your vehicle has a problem. The easiest method to maintenance your motor vehicle would be to plan a couple times annually visits towards the local auto shop or perhaps inclined to complete-it-yourself. It is a vehicle maintenance record to visit.
Brakes: Getting fresh brake fluid is significant which will get a level running vehicle. For top results the brake fluid need to be flushed and replenished every 18 a few weeks. Accomplishing this brake repair this frequently prevents lengthy-term and even more costly brake problems that can take place from disregarding your brakes. Also any sign different feeling or manifestation of difficulties with your brake pedal will be the consequence of brake fluid leak or maybe a problematic master cylinder. In the event the happens it's important to obtain your motor vehicle into the auto shop as quickly as possible.
Routine tune-ups: Older model cars usually needed optimize every 12,000 to 18,000 miles according to the model and age the auto. More recent cars are manufactured more effective and wish more uncommon outings on the auto shop. Most cars can manage with tune-ups every 45,000 miles approximately in many instances involve getting new spark plugs, air conditioning filters and hooking the auto up to diagnostic computer. This specific service will usually run few hrs so it will be advisable to get a ride on your auto shop and have it at another time if whatsoever possible.
Tire care: It may be beneficial to rotate your car or truck tires every 5,000 miles or perhaps you are driving frequently to make it work every time that you receive an oil alteration of your motor vehicle. A fantastic guideline is the place you travel frequently or drive lengthy distances to control it could be good for obtain your oil transformed and tires rotated every 2 many weeks since this could even the tread about the tires. For those who have used tires it's recommended that you exchange them every 2 yrs, because they do not have as often tread as new tires. If you purchase used tires always choose reliable brands that show up in complete safety and quality.
If you want find out more on car maintenance tools you can visit: . The Launch CRP 129 and Launch X431 Diagun III is good product, worth to recommend.
Many owners should have a similar problem: When my "check engine light" is on, what do i need to do? If I still drive it, it'll do further destruction of my car?
Many cars dashboard is cluttered light and buzzer. These lights are colorful, different colors represent different potential problems. Once you begin your vehicle lighting is used needs to be start up along with the computer to ensure that many component is working properly, then light cut. It is advisable to cherish can be a couple of minutes following car start has still illuminated lights. Check engine or service engine light is on the website is a thorny issue. Therefore, provide an automotive diagnostic tool enables you to save with all the volume of automotive diagnostic time and expense.
Now I have to introduce some convenient and cheaper car diagnostic to your account. Including: Launch DBScar, Launch CRP129 Creader, Launch X431 GDS, launch x431 diagun and so forth.
Automotive diagnostic code with various combinations, different codes represent different fault. If your computer detects the code necessary to diagnose source of the challenge. These problems will affect the speed control, braking, fuel delivery, parking timing and the start system, over the car diagnostic systems, OBD computer can look with the error code. These codes are known as fault code or service code, do i think the the previously mention, each code represents some other fault. Definition and interpretation of the code can be found in the handbook. Generally automotive diagnostic tool are covered lots of car models, a diagnostic tool can diagnose many car models. Suitable models can even be observed in the manual.
Through manual you can clearly understand your cars error code definitions. That is professional automotive diagnostic equipment, which connects onboard computer can read crucial computer data that may help you obtain the fault code. When you buy the mistake code, you have two strategies to fix it. One of many ways is obtain the reason behind the error after which it correct it alone another is to locate nearby service station maintenance professionals automobile it. This should help you avoids professional dishonest recommendations, and not waste time and money.
If you try to fix it alone, you should be aware that the problem could possibly have one, 2 or more causes. You'll want to test a series of problem and you may find ways which write from the manual. In case you have a qualified friend, is often a vehicle maintenance division be the best, to help you to send him the errors code, you can get several of his proposals.
In case your vehicle might appear to be it's driving strange, odds are something is wrong. By acknowledging the twelve signs and the signs of vehicle crisis early, major difficulties and tragedy might be prevented. The area auto shop perhaps there is in your case when something goes drastically wrong--call today to help keep your vehicle running easily.
One sign that this vehicle may necessitate repair is that if the tires are trembling. Trembling wheels might be a manifestation of bad tire alignment. Tire alignment is not a do-it-yourself job. It requires specialized tools and particular training to offer the capacity to fix alignment problems. Other signs find in terms of bad alignment are uneven tire placed on as well as controls tugging to one for reds or another. When your vehicle is going through these issues, call the local auto shop immediately. Otherwise taken proper care of immediately, bad alignment gets to be more severe, and much more costly, problems. A car auto technician can even take a look at CV joints and tie rods that they'll replace on-site, with less hassle and price in your case.
In case your wheels shake while stopping, receive the vehicle to your auto repair center immediately. It will be also essential to call a tow car. Because of the a signal of worn-out or faulty brakes. Vehicle mechanics will look at the rotors, calipers, and drums. It's harmful they are driving with bad brakes and changing them is really a serious job. Be certain your folks are secure with the use of the local auto service shop.
Engine stalls and sputters also are not normal and never healthy for that vehicle. If this describes the specific situation to suit your needs, the true cause may very well be a number of things. An automotive repair center can realize your desire to guage the issue and acquire your automobile running as rapidly as it can be. Because what can cause engine the issue here is so numerous, they could be challenging identify at your house. They will vary from an unhealthy fuel system to low engine compression for an engine vacuum leak. Odds are, in case your engine is acting up in therefore, something is defective and have to be changed.
The important thing to keeping the automobile running for too long time isn't waiting until there's a concern to have your vehicle maintained. Preventative maintenance could help you save money and time now as well as in the future. Timing devices and serpentine devices are stuff ought to be checked and changed regularly. The radiator must be flushed, the force steering really should be checked, the antifreeze need to be transformed seasonally, and also the oil have to be transformed every 3,000 miles. An average service check-up could keep your vehicle running strong today and subsequently.
When you have a car diagnostic tool, it can help you already know more to do with your car after which it you can attempt the simple car problem on your own. It could keep your time and expense, could also stay away from the maintenance division dishonest suggestion. The Launch CRP 129 and Launch X431 Diagun III has powerful function and affordable price.
When you invest in your motor vehicle maintained regularly, it will go a lengthy means by maintaining it in the spic and span condition and ensuring your safety while driving. Maintaining a maintenance schedule as suggested from the manufacturer, won't increase the existence of the automobile, but probably maintain its resale value, if you need to sell it off.
You are able to identify your car or truck alone, as an example, Launch X431 Diagun is extremely efficient at diagnostic vehicle. You can also attend repair station.
While taking your car or truck for maintenance, make sure you develop a detailed directory of jobs for being done. An average maintenance could add following
Make sure find the maintenance jobs done restricted to the standards compliant courses through the organization trained mechanics, because every style of the vehicle has a different approach.
The type of oil you choose determines the schedule of altering the engine oil and fuel filter. Now the vast majority of reputed information mill offering fully synthetic oils rather than mineral or semi-synthetic oils. Synthetic oils not just go longer, but additionally offer better protection for the engine like comparison on the mineral based oils.
It's always best to make an effort to determine the brake, coolant and steering oils when you are getting your vehicle maintained, and top-up as appropriate. They need to be checked periodically on your part also. Any not enough the engine coolant could cause a damage quite costly, that could even require engine alternative. Any negligence regarding energy steering or brake fluid might cause issues in determining your car or truck and thus endanger your safety on the highway.
A lot of the modern automobiles are fitted with components, which may perform auto diagnostics inside.. But a result of the price aspect in the knowhow used, just one or two garages have facility of executing auto diagnostics. If you've got the high class vehicle, take your automobile to a reputed company standards compliant garage, and not allowing any kerbside auto technician fiddle about it.
Hvac filters usually last 25,000 to 50,000 kms, in relation to environmental surroundings conditions. In the event the air con filter is clogged, it'll lessen the flow from mid-air to your engine, thus reducing its energy and growing the fuel consumption. Although spark plug is just about the most inexpensive aspects of the engine, nonetheless it plays an incredibly vital role in tuning the engine. Some of the producers declare that their spark plugs employ a life approximately 100,000 kms, nonetheless they need to be transformed after every 40-50,000 kms. Even when you might be using lengthy existence spark plugs, you should definitely clean them regularly, to make sure that there isn't any carbon deposit inside it. This can be highly relevant to guarantee that your engine isn't getting clogged.
Fundamental essentials important reasons that you ought to take utmost care in choosing service garage to the vehicle, which not merely has proper diagnostic tools and also trained personnel to handle the required service as part of your vehicle, to ensure you'll get extra simple miles from that.
Nowadays the automobile owners, whenever they not equipped with an automotive diagnostic for their car, they are unable to allow car keep a good state. A simple car diagnostic tool when they look into the car engine fault code will likely be of great help.
Automotive diagnostic, since the name implies. Automotive diagnostic tool connects for your Vehiclecomputer system, so by analyzing the code and information to discover the reason for the issue. In a few models, there are not only can read the current problems, but additionally to stop future problems. Worse is the fact some problems otherwise promptly diagnosed, after starting to be severe and this will allow you to save money expensive cost. Originally merely a simpletool that should be replaced, otherwise promptly treated may result in the should replace the entire engine.
The development of technology, a number of automotive diagnostic systems can upgrade online, so owners will use the most recent diagnostic technology , nor repeat purchase. It can benefit owners spend less and time, if you have it can make yourself easier.
Just to save your financial budget, you can buy some automotive fitness products, because they're usually a cheaper price and useful features. Memo scanner design, specifically those DIY maintenance vehicles read and erase fault codes. These power tools have friendly graphical user interface, all to easy to operate. Before purchasing any diagnostic tool, the first thing you have to keep in mind will be your own individual needs and also to what extent, it will be easy to cope with personal or high end on the latest technology.
This i quote you some really good automotive products: Launch X431 Diagun, Launch X431 iDiag Auto Scanner, Launch X431 GDS, Launch Cresetter and so on.
Vehicle's onboard ADPS has a special code, different types have different code, the same model but different year likewise have different code. Depending on the car model to find the right car diagnostic tool, common diagnostic tool are
covered a lot of cars, after 1996 year vehicles equipped with automotive diagnostic system may be diagnosed.
Additionally, you'll be able to send car diagnostic tool error code on your knowledgeable friend. Should your friend is usually a maintenance division would be better. You can obtain top tips and repair method.
If this ´ld be the last day of Your life, ´ld it be the best one? -12 hundret reasons to intensify marketing now.- by Rev. Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz September 22, 2017
If this ´ld be the last day of Your life, should´nt it be the best one?- by Rev. Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz 12 hundret reasons to intensify marketing now. If we have a look onto the stars and planets, we face not only severe weather phenomenons , that affect the earth, but […]
RosarySol QR label Crypto Currency by Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz, MA,DD. Qr-reg.com invented and developed a new kind of bi-directional QR code. This makes it affordable for all casta, classes, religion, gender, nation, language and race and financial status to be connected to global communication and to build up prosperity with socionomics, by using […]
All other requested information (i.e., birth certificate, utility bill, etc.) must be provided prior to enrollment.
A Health physical will be required prior to entering Junior and Traditional Kindergarten; the physical should not be dated more than six months prior to the start of Junior or Traditional Kindergarten (Transitional Kindergarten students should have their health physical dated not more than six months prior to the start of Traditional Kindergarten).
School of Choice forms need to be filled out and are available at school offices during the open enrollment window during the month of February - All Jr. and Transitional S.O.C. forms should be turned in to the home/neighborhood school. Once the S.O.C. form is accepted:
Enrollment forms must be turned in to the home school. Placement determined by need prior to the start of school in the fall. Magnet classes arecurrently located at Berylwood, Madera, Township and White Oak Elementary Schools.
Daily Schedules will be the same as each school’s traditional kindergarten classroom instructional hours.
Before/After school care is available through the Rancho Simi Recreation and Park District (584-4400) and the YMCA(583-5338).
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. bizarregaytube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All videos and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
Perhaps the most cited advantage of automation in industry is that it is associated with faster production and cheaper labor costs. Another benefit could be that it replaces hard, physical, or monotonous work.[42] Additionally, tasks that take place in hazardous environments or that are otherwise beyond human capabilities can be done by machines, as machines can operate even under extreme temperatures or in atmospheres that are radioactive or toxic. They can also be maintained with simple quality checks. However, at the time being, not all tasks can be automated, and some tasks are more expensive to automate than others. Initial costs of installing the machinery in factory settings are high, and failure to maintain a system could result in the loss of the product itself. Moreover, some studies seem to indicate that industrial automation could impose ill effects beyond operational concerns, including worker displacement due to systemic loss of employment and compounded environmental damage; however, these findings are both convoluted and controversial in nature, and could potentially be circumvented.[43]
www.LaGuardiaCarService.us offers Airport Taxi and Limousine Service at LaGuardia Airport. Car Service to LaGuardia Airport rates are very low in New York City Metropolitan Areas CT, NJ, Bronx, NY, PA, Queens, Manhattan, Westchester, Broooklyn, Staten Island, Bronx and Long Island.
BTFD is offering Moneta Bot—custom-built trading software as a service (SaaS) that delivers plug and play automated trading for alternative cryptocurrencies a.k.a. “altcoins”
People who want exposure to the high-yield altcoin market but don’t have time to track the 1000+ coins.
Excited about cryptocurrency but not sure how to get started or don’t have the time to track the rapidly evolving market.
Not technical or not sure what a bot is? We help you set it up and then all you have to do is watch it perform.
Increase Bitcoin holdings by leveraging gains from altcoins and benefit from exposure to both. Beats a buy-and-hold strategy.
Cryptocurrency markets are open and active 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. So is Moneta. Don’t miss out!
Moneta Bot is superior to other trading bots in that it intakes updated technical and fundamental analysis parameters on an on-going basis. Each trade is unique to the coin and the market conditions at the time.
Moneta Bot is not high frequency trading. It keeps exchange fees low by trading high probability set ups with longer term sell strategies.
Moneta Bot works best with small-per-trade capital allocations (.5%-1% trading capital per trade) since it scales into larger positions as the market confirms favorable trend lines. Risk is distributed across a large number of coins and accumulation is deliberate.
Since the bot is continuously updated it benefits from real-time market sentiment analysis, increasing buying cadence when BTC is strong and selling into strength during altcoin rallies
Recently, BTC hit a local top which precipitated a full week of panic selling where it lost over 40% of its value. Overall market cap of all cryptocurrencies fell by $178 billion (28%).
During the same period, Moneta Bot executed over 30 trades with 100% profit on each and increased it’s the value of its holdings by 31%
Two-factor authentication (2FA) is enabled for all accounts. BTFD will assist users in turning on 2FA and managing keys through Authy.
Moneta Bot is set up to run on a secure, off-shore remote desktop (RDP). RDP environment is only accessible through an encrypted VPN.
Counterparty exchange risk is mitigated on a per user basis. Users should allocate capital to be held on exchanges per their own risk tolerance
The information on this website is not intended as and does not constitute investment advice or legal or tax advice or an offer to sell any securities, property, tokens, coins or another other digital or non-digital assets to any person or a solicitation of any person of any offer to purchase any of the like … READ MORE
Awakened by a Demoness is book ten in the Eternal Mates series by Felicity Heaton. This paranormal romance novel was published by Felicity Heaton in 2016.
Asteria of the Second Legion of demons has messed up. Royally. With a capital everything. Certain that her dark lord is about to end her in the most painful way imaginable, she’s stunned when the fallen angel offers her an uncharacteristic shot at redemption—and determined not to fail him again. With her life on the line, she sets out on a mission that sounds easy but proves to be far from it when a hot slice of angelic eye candy comes storming into her life, stirring dangerous desires and tempting her more than any male before him.
Fifth Commander of the Echelon, the highest order of angels in Heaven and those responsible for hunting demons, he will allow nothing to stand in the way of fulfilling the mission he began close to a century ago so he can finally return to his home. On the verge of securing the half-breed he has been hunting, he can almost taste victory—until a sassy demoness struts into his life, awakening wicked needs and forbidden hungers that will test him to his limit.
When their mission brings them on a collision course, can they fight the fierce heat of the passion that blazes between them to claim a victory for their side or will it burn their resistance to ashes and set their hearts on fire with a love both forbidden and eternal?
This was a great addition to the series. Felicity Heaton is a great storyteller and she knows how to captivate her reader to the pages of her story.
Awakened by a Demoness is the story Asteria who is a demon and Rey is an angel. Asteria failed the Devil and Asteria was given a second chance by hunting down a half-breed and bring her back to the Devil. Rey is also after the same half-breed and bring her back to heaven.
During the hunt for this half-breed Rey and Asteria run into each other and there is a spark and uncontrolible hunger. Through out the story Rey and Asteria fall for each other. Their chooses are quickly put to question after spending sometime with the half-breed who chose neither side. Rey realized that he can’t live without Asteria.
Asteria is dragged back to hell and Rey follows her to save her from the Devil. He will do anything to save her because she is his mate.
I would recommend this series to anyone who loves paranormal romance about destined mates. I would reread this series over and over again.
We rarely write reviews for books we didn't like, so you probably won't see any 1 or 2 star ratings on our site. If it's that bad, we typically don't finish the book.
Starting off with the first, the Boys came out flat-footed and as if they thought they’d already won the game, that wasn’t the case. Mustangs really gave the Crusaders a game tonight and after the first were only down by one goal. However, despite the low scoring, the shot count was 20 to 4 in favour of the Crusaders which does sum up the amount of pressure the Cru gave. Still only two goals in the period, one of which came from Merritt Oszytko, for his 16th of the year, on rebound from Ty Readman. The second goal came from Ryan Rebelato who had himself an excellent game tonight.
The second period was when the Crusaders really took over the game, however, the boys didn’t start the period off strongly. The Mustangs put a lot of pressure on the Cru having themselves a nice little spell to start it off, the Crusaders seem to struggle to start periods often. Despite the early pressure, the Mustangs could not gain any momentum and the home team began to take control again when Yuri Chernicko took a penalty on a goaltender interference call. On that powerplay, captain Ben Sowa hit a hard one-timer off the glass which then rebounded to the stick of Matt Dykstra and into the net. The ice started to tilt one way from that point on with the Cru finding the net three more times with goals from Rotundo, Younghans and Rebelato. I’d also like to give some praise to Jake Morrisey, all though he wasn’t asked to do much he made the stops when necessary.
The Crusaders hit the ground running to begin the third, it seemed like they would come out and score 20 more goals, however, the Mustangs had other ideas. They did get their seventh early though when a Darcy Zaharichuk’s shot bounced off a couple of Stangs then made it’s way into the net. After that, though, the Mustangs started to give it to the Cru scoring three goals in the period. Even though he allowed three goals, I don’t think Jake Morrissey was to blame. The first was a wraparound which caught everybody off guard, the second was similar to Darcy’s goal with a couple more bounces and the third his whole team was screening him. His teammates could’ve helped him out by scoring a few more and kill the Mustangs momentum.
Overall, the second period is how the Cru should’ve played the whole game. It was pure dominance but they failed to keep that momentum and tempo up.
The offense was there tonight for the Cru with 7 goals on 49 shots. If it wasn’t for some good goaltending in the Mustangs crease it would’ve been a lot more.
Morrissey was good in goal and unfortunate on the goals he conceded. You could see his frustration from his body language but I believe he should take some of the blame off himself.
The power play moved the puck around well and produced many good scoring opportunities. I thought Jesse Zaharichuk was a key reason for the powerplays success.
The team allowed three goals in the third. They took their foot off the gas and the Stangs took advantage. They should’ve kept piling on the goals which would’ve killed off Calgary and helped out there netminder.
It seemed at times that they didn’t respect their opportunities by not giving it their all for some parts of the game.
The penalty kill was a lot less dominant to what they usually are. You would expect to see them have no problems against the last placed team in the league.
The turning point came in the second period tonight on the Crusaders third goal. I found that once Dykstra put the puck home the boys got plenty of momentum from it. It was too bad they couldn’t take it through to the third.
The Crusaders will be at home again this upcoming Wednesday when they take on the Bonnyville Pontiacs. The game will be right here at the Sherwood Park Arena with the puck dropping at 7 pm.
If a post obviously presents a problem, please let us know through the contact form by indicating the URL of the page. We only take into account identifiable messages. Beware, if you are seeking employment, please click here Beware, if you are a trainee and looking for an internship, click here FAQ You are independent Sign up for FREE to be alerted to assignment offers
Blizzard president on Diablo Immortal: "We want awesome mobile games and we think this could be one of them”
Blizzard Entertainment revealed Diablo Immortal at its BlizzCon showcase on Friday. The game is a mobile only adaption of its long-running fantasy action-RPG, co-developed with Chinese gaming giant NetEase.
Since the reveal, Diablo Immortal has been on the receiving end of a backlash from fans unhappy that the series is going to mobile. Some of the response has been fairly vitriolic; with thousands ‘disliking’ Diablo Immortal’s trailer on YouTube, taking to social media to voice their displeasure. In one incident an attendee at a live BlizzCon Q&A asked the developers if the game was an ‘out of season April Fool’s Joke’.
Blizzard has defended the game and promised fans that several other Diablo projects are currently in development. While feedback from attendees at BlizzCon that played the game has been more positive about the game’s compelling action.
Blizzard President J Allen Brack has spoken about the game and the response in an interview with The Telegraph.
“Every piece of feedback is a gift,” said Brack. “It’s the job of everyone at Blizzard to listen to that feedback. Some of that feedback, like gifts, are going to be extremely precious and how you think about going forward. Some of those, less so. I think for the feedback for people who are negative about Diablo Immortal; most of that seems like people who haven’t played Diablo Immortal. Most of the feedback from people that have played it get it and understand. It feels like a Diablo game. I think people at the end are going to be pleased with how it turns out.”
“You have different types of players that are loyal to certain types of platforms,” said Brack. “You see it in a smaller scale when we announced Diablo on console and when we said we’re going to do Overwatch on PC and console. There are different types of groups on different types of platforms that feel like that platform is the best gaming platform and that’s where real games are made and that’s the only place they want to play games. Which I think I understand.”
Despite some of the protestations, Brack said that it was important for Blizzard to bring its games to more platforms in order to build its audience in a fast-changing industry. Blizzard has also pledged that it will explore the lucrative mobile gaming market, which is worth an estimated $50bn. Blizzard has not yet confirmed how Diablo Immortal’s business model will work.
“I think the idea of quality mobile games that people can enjoy and people can have fun with is not a hard thing to imagine,” said Brack. “It’s not a hard thing to think that people want that. We made a mobile game of Hearthstone, taking it from PC and it was our first step into mobile. This is our next step. And there will be more steps into mobile. It’s a huge part of gaming, undeniably. And PC games are a huge part of gaming, undeniably. And console games are a huge part of gaming, undeniably. We’re going to make games that are right for different platforms so that people can engage on their platform of choice.”
With the partnership with NetEase, it’s clear that Blizzard are also looking for Diablo Immortal to make an impact on the huge Chinese mobile gaming market, as well as looking to convince its existing fans in the West.
“One of the thing Blizzard has been very successful in and lucky in is to have a lot of success in lots of different regions,” said Brack. “If you look at the type of mobile games that are successful; the taste for different types of games, mobile is probably the biggest where the top mobile games in China, most people in the US and Europe have never heard of. In the West, players can kind of look down on mobile games and say those are not hardcore enough, those are not fun experiences they are not engaging. I think we disagree, I think mobile gaming is something a lot of us engage in today, we want awesome mobile games on our phones and we think this could be one of them.”
Red Dead Redemption 2 is the ‘second biggest entertainment launch of all time’ behind Grand Theft Auto V
In the simplest type of an automatic control loop, a controller compares a measured value of a process with a desired set value, and processes the resulting error signal to change some input to the process, in such a way that the process stays at its set point despite disturbances. This closed-loop control is an application of negative feedback to a system. The mathematical basis of control theory was begun in the 18th century, and advanced rapidly in the 20th.
Service/Oil/Inspection reset tools are simple to use. Connect the service reset tool into your 16 pin OBD2 diagnostic port to reset the light. Click the images below to find service reset tools for your vehicle.
Service Reset Tools - We have the tools to reset all service/oil & inspection dashboard lights. These tools can be a cheap alternative if you prefer to service your own vehicle. It will save you money and gain valuable experience so you can maintain your vehicle for years to come.
Most people think that the service/oil/inspection dash light can only be reset at the dealer or garage. WRONG! You can do it yourself and we have the tool to do it for you. The light can be switched off/reset by plugging the tool into your OBD/OBD2/EOBD port.
Essential Cookies are required to make this site work, without them your browsing experience would not be as good as we want you to have.
Analytic Cookies allow us to understand how our users are interacting with our website, any information is collected anonymously.
If you fancy a break on your own (we know how you feel!) we try and make it easier, please reduce prices by £15/night to get the single occupancy rate.
To book just give us a call / email; we take the first night’s accommodation as a non-refundable deposit to secure any booking.
High season is June – September, Christmas & New Year (23rd Dec – 2nd Jan), Easter and Bank Holidays.
Children aged 7 and over welcome (16+ = adults). Children are welcome to stay in a room on their own provided at least one of them is over 16.
You’d need to look about 550 miles to the south and a century earlier, however, for the true origin of sparkling wine, in Limoux. The claims of Limoux being the birthplace of sparkling wine are based on written evidence dating to 1544, when the brothers of the Abbaye of Saint-Hilaire bottled a sparkling wine by the name of blanquette de Limoux.
Working with Mauzac, a local grape varietal, the monks created an effervescent wine crafted for celebrations and primed for international appeal. Less than 200 years later, the British were sipping coupes of Limoux, and cases of blanquette had made their way across the Atlantic to Thomas Jefferson’s cellar at Monticello.
If you’re wondering how Dom P ended up getting all of the glory for France’s most famous sparkler, unconfirmed sources say that he spent time at Saint-Hilaire before heading north to Champagne to continue his winemaking journey.
Despite living in the shadow of Champagne, Limoux got its due when it became one of France’s first designated appellations in 1938. Since then, the region has expanded its production to include three varieties of sparkling wines that are enjoyed all over the world.
The original is known as méthode ancestrale, a sweeter sparkler made with 100% Mauzac grapes. Since these wines are made the old fashioned way, the unfiltered bottles are more cloudy than clear and have distinctive apple notes.
Next up is blanquette, a wine made primarily of Mauzac, which can incorporate small amounts of Chenin and Chardonnay. Made with modern techniques, these wines are dry but show a ripe green apple sweetness while pouring crystal clear.
Finally, there’s crémant de Limoux, a sparkler that falls into the drier, more international style of bubblies. Crémants come in a classic dry style as well as a rosé, both of which make for a great aperitif. They are made primarily from Chardonnay and Chenin, with additions of Mauzac and Pinot Noir allowed.
Sparkling wines, and those from Limoux in particular, are some of the most versatile pours available. The classic pairings of the region provide plenty of inspiration, from savory, white pepper–spiked pastries to a meaty white bean and pork stew and tasty chunks of almond nougat.
While the humble monks of Limoux might have lost out on bragging rights to their wines, the legacy that they left behind has resulted in a region that makes some of the most fascinating and affordable sparkling wines coming out of France—or anywhere—today.
ITEM Able Auctions / RICHMOND HOME FURNISHINGS AUCTION / LARGE PLASTIC RESIN STATUE OF VENUS DE MILO
Payment can be made by Visa, MC or Debit - in person only. If you can't make it in person, wire transfer must be arranged.
Online bidding during the Live Auction is a fast process, and therefore there is no confirmation given - bids will be taken immediately and are irrevocable.
The highest bidder shall be the purchaser upon the completion of bid verification. Bid verification will commence upon the conclusion of a live auction. All winning bidders shall be notified by email within the 24 hour bid verification period.
No bidder shall retract their bid. In the event of a dispute between two or more bidders, the auctioneer, at his sole discretion may put the lot up for resale to the highest bidder.
The auctioneer reserves the right to withdraw any lot at any time prior to the time of sale of such lot.
The auctioneer reserves the right not to accept any bid which is only a partial advance over the preceding bid.
Able Solutions. Inc DBA Ableauctions.ca assumes no responsibility for any liability once a bid is accepted. It is recommended that purchasers arrange insurance for their purchases in advance.
Except as set out herein, there shall be no warranties or guarantees expressed or implied, statutory or otherwise of any nature.
Attendance at the auction, preview, or removal by bidders and guests is done at their sole risk. Able Solutions Inc. assumes no risk or liability, statutory, common law or otherwise whatsoever for the safety of those attending at the auction premises.
All lots must be paid for on day of sale by cash, direct deposit, PayPal or credit card where acceptable. Internet bidders shall have within 24 hours upon receipt of their email notification to pay for their items.
The purchaser is not entitled to possession until all items have been paid for in full. In the event that the purchase prices are not paid within the prescribed time, the auctioneer shall have the right to resell such items in whatever manner he sees fit without notice	to the purchaser. Any shortfall from sale plus commission and expenses thereof shall be paid by the purchaser.
All costs and responsibilities of removal shall be borne by the purchaser/bidder within the time prescribed by the auctioneer. The auctioneer may require proof of adequate insurance from the purchaser. The purchaser/bidder herby indemnifies the auctioneer and the vendor against any and all damages arising from the dismantling and removal of any lots.
Any lots not removed within the prescribed time shall be subject to storage, moving, disposal and service charges at the sole risk and expense of the purchaser. All such lots shall be deemed as abandoned and shall be subject to resale for the recovery of such charges. The purchaser shall also be liable for any rent or damages sustained by the auctioneer for failure to remove any lot.
If for any reason, Able Solutions Inc. is unable to deliver any or all of an awarded lot or title thereof, the sole liability of Able Solutions Inc. shall be the refund of any monies paid on the lot.
It is the sole responsibility of the purchaser to remove their items within the prescribed time. Able Solutions Inc. will NOT provide any delivery or transport of any nature for live auction items.
Sort by Lot Number Ascending Sort by Lot Number Descending Sort by Start Price Ascending Sort by Start Price Descending Sort by Estimates Ascending Sort by Estimates Descending Sort by Bid Amount Ascending Sort by Bid Amount Descending Sort by Bookmarks Ascending Sort by Bookmarks Descending Sort by Hits Ascending Sort by Hits Descending
Able Auctions Langley, British Columbia, Canada 604-881-2253 About Auctioneer... Auctioneer's Auctions...
Subscribing to the Lot Closing Notification for an item will trigger our system to notify you about 5-10 minutes before the bidding closes.
You can choose to be notified via SMS Text message and/or Email via the subscription settings page in your account. Click Here to change your subscription settings. Getting notified via SMS Text Message will require you to verify your cell phone via the profile page in your account.
When trying to bring light into Doxology, we first take a look on the biblical definition. Then we face Saints, who proofed the Doxo with their own life. Forthfollowing we want to take some new steps by hinting on basic teaching by Pope em. Benedict XVI, who wrote about Sacraments aqnd the church as beeing […]
This service is a commercial detection missions.	the offers below are exclusively dedicated to freelance experts who are in a position to bill their services to contractors. These are not job offers. The first concern for an expert is the tedious and costly phase of finding assignments. This requires steady work, which can be difficult to manage when already on mission. To make things easier, we give you access to the assignment offers which were presented to us from all parts of the world, thanks to the internet. We came into contact with each contractor to measure the seriousness of the demand, to make sure that a budget has been planned and that he actually is in a position to assign an expert. The cost of qualified contacts: 75€ht Your financial contribution to access the information is inferior to the cost of a sales agent or business getter and to the estimated value of the assignment. How much would a commercial agent cost, providing you one contact a week? On our website, one contact a week will cost you 375 euros (exclusive of tax) per month. These job offers are placed under the responsibility of their author.
Employers and recruiting agencies have all accepted the terms of use laying down the authenticity of the information. They all committed to remove the post as soon as the job is filled.
If a post figures on the website, we assume it is still topical. Project detection: to save some time, access an information of quality on contractors seeking experts. - Click on the title of the assignment you are interested in and access the description of the offer. The contractor's contact details are given to a limited number of experts.
(this number, agreed with the customer, is less than or equal to 3 in order to limit competition). If you are interested, click the button that allows you to apply to the right of the screen (We dispose of a secure online payment system. When using it, you proceed to a request for authorization of payment. We only debit the amount when the contractor confirms that the assignment is still topical). - As soon as we have the means of payment, we need check that the assignment is uptodate. - Your payment will be cashed as soon as tha contractor confirmed his need is still topical. - You can contact us by phone if you wish to know how many times the contact has been sold.	 - You will then receive an invoice and a link to the contractor's contact details to get in touch with him directly. There is a risk not to be selected by the contractor, but, as in any context, reactivity and tenacity are decisive.	 - If the assignment is out of date, you will be informed by email and the payment will be cancelled.	 The most recent assignment offers are on top of the list. The assignments published on our websites are, in theory, still topical. However, we verify this information once you've followed the procedure,
give a favorable verdict2010, House of Lords, The British Film and Television Industries: Decline Or Opportunity? 1st Report of Session 2009-10, Volume II: Evidence, page 91, Lord Inglewood: Then you intimated that you felt that your members were not getting a fair crack of the whipHe coughed noisilygive a false representationThe saying was not found in print in Australia until 1924] 13:19 Sun 11th Jan 2009 Quizmonster Even Brewer's doesn't come up with that one, Fred! I find it deeply unconvincing; indeed, I'd sooner go with what I imagine you were suggesting in your first answer.namely, that fair had to do with quantity rather than equalityFair crack of the whip mate, Nugget saidgive a damngive a good account ofgive a call
give a fair shakegive a fitThe panel admitted that they had no definitive answer2001, Terry Hodgson, The Plays of Tom Stoppard: For Stage, Radio, TV and Film[2], page 86: Yet style for Stoppard is not, as he feels it was for Oscar Wilde, the means and the end: Im not a writer who doesnt care what things mean English&ndash;Spanish Spanish&ndash;English English&ndash;French French&ndash;English English&ndash;German German&ndash;English English&ndash;Indonesian Indonesian&ndash;English Semi-bilingual Dictionaries English&ndash;Arabic English&ndash;Catalan English&ndash;Chinese (Simplified) English&ndash;Chinese (Traditional) English&ndash;Italian English&ndash;Japanese English&ndash;Korean English&ndash;Malaysian English&ndash;Polish English&ndash;Portuguese English&ndash;Russian English&ndash;Thai English&ndash;Turkish English&ndash;Vietnamese (Britain, colloquial, informal) An equitable opportunity to achieve something; a fair go(Definition of a fair crack of the whip from the Cambridge Advanced Learners Dictionary & Thesaurus Cambridge University Press) Translations of a fair crack of the whip in Chinese (Simplified) in Chinese (Traditional) &hellip; &hellip; Need a translator? Translator tool Get a quick, free translation! Browse a drop in the bucket idiom a drop in the ocean idiom a drop too much (to drink) idiom a drowning man will clutch at a straw idiom a fair crack of the whip idiom a fate worse than death idiom a feather in your cap idiom a few well-chosen words idiom a few/couple of steps idiom Create and share your own word lists and quizzes for free! Sign up now Log in Word of the Day gotha type of rock music that often has words expressing ideas about death or the end of the world About this Blog He doesnt pull any punchesIn other words, the person being spoken of did get an opportunity to wield the whip but not for long enough in order that it might have had a positive effect
Everyone wants to get their bodies in shape. Especially when summer comes and they want to look good in their new bathing suits. But not a lot of people know where to start when it comes to looking and feeling fit. The following article will give you advice on how to get that body you've always dreamed of.
Be sure to wear shoes that fit to aid you in your fitness routine. Ill-fitting shoes will cause multiple problems including blisters, ankle pain, knee pain, hip pain, and an number of other issues. If you think your shoes may be causing problems, first be sure that they are not too old, as shoes can have a wear-in pattern. Also, https://elanorolin526-blog.tumblr.com/ with a physical therapist or podiatrist as they may be able to provide you with inserts for your shoes.
An easy way to work out your abs while doing any other activity is to hold in or flex your ab muscles. Doing https://barbend.com/18-2-crossfit-open-workout-tips/ on its own can, sometimes, be equivalent to doing a sit up. Doing it while working out or even just walking, helps strengthen the ab muscles and improves posture, since it is strengthening your core muscles.
If the idea of regularly working out at a gym or health club leaves you with cold feet, look for recreational activities that are both, energizing and exciting. Rock climbing is becoming increasingly popular in gyms and fitness centers and offers an excellent workout for the muscles in your arms, legs and back.
To improve your scores on your golf putting, try aiming higher on your breaks. Try estimating what the scores of your breaks are and double those numbers because it will help get you more accurate numbers that you can use to improve them. Knowing these numbers will help you to better them and reach your goals.
A great way to get fit, is to perform your cardio first thing in the morning, before breakfast. Performing cardio this way, taps right into your fat stores because you haven't had anything to eat. This is one of the most effective ways to lose fat through cardio.
It is best to not workout on an empty stomach. Your body needs fuel, particularly if you are putting it through a grueling and sweat-inducing workout. Fuel up on good, healthy foods that will provide you with the energy you need to get through your workout and your body will thank you.
Shoes are very important to your workouts. Finding http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-3770869/Are-muscle-building-supplements-REALLY-safe-Experts-separate-fact-fiction.html that fit correctly will make a world of difference. When you shop for shoes, go late in the day. Your feet are at their largest at this time. You should have half of an inch in front of your largest toe.
A good way to build forearm strength is to crumple up newspaper. You should lay a piece of newspaper on any flat surface. Using your dominant hand, start with one corner of the newspaper and begin crumpling. You should crumple for about 30 seconds. After you have finished that, switch hands.
When you run, you should build up more and more and go longer distances faster then when you previously started. One week out of every six, you should try and give your body a rest and chance to recuperate by running only half the distance and half the speed.
To keep your motivation going when it comes time to exercise, try paying your trainer in advance. With your hard-earned money in their hands, you should feel less likely to pull out of your workout session and feel more inclined to continue to see it through until you achieve your fitness goals.
A lot of beginning marketers online do not offer enough payment options to their customers, and this ultimately hurts business. Make sure that you're at least accepting PayPal and credit cards. You can then evolve to accept more e-wallets and even e-checks as time passes and your business really picks up.
To rock or wall climb more efficiently, purchase footwear that fits so tight on your bare feet that you can stand up but not walk without discomfort. For climbing, footwear this tight gives you the most effective control of your feet as you can better feel the rock you are climbing.
If you want your kids to get more exercise, try making it a competition. Buy everyone in your family a pedometer. Each day mark down how many steps each person has walked. At the end of the week, tally the totals up and see who the winner is. Come up with a good prize for the winner - a new toy, an extra desert, or getting to choose dinner for the night.
When trying to gain muscles in your arms by lifting weights, go light weights fast. It has been proven that lifting light weights at a fast pace is just as effective as lifting heavy weights at a slower pace. You can try doing this method by using a bench press and lifting weights that are 40 to 60 percent of what you can handle. Push the weights up as fast as you can.
Find out the distances you travel to errands you run. Things like the bank or a quick shopping trip. Any distance you are going that is under a mile should be done by walking it. If you closely follow this rule you will reach your fitness goals in no time.
Exercising is a great way to boost not only your mood, but also your self-confidence. Studies have shown that exercising makes you feel better and can reduce feelings of depression or sadness because of the endorphins which are produced by exercise. Being strong and active helps you to feel sure of yourself and more self-confident.
If you have a weak spot on your body, it is beneficial to work on this area first when developing a fitness routine. If you feel like you are weak in the legs, go to the gym and run on the treadmill. Improving your weakest link will enhance your overall fitness results.
So after reading the above information, it isn't always fun getting into shape, but if you are confident and motivated to train, it can surely be worthwhile. And you do not have to go through this by yourself. All you need to do is begin and you will find the help you need.
November 7, 2016 was a big night for Nan Knighton and her family. Both she and her husband, John Breglio, were honored at the Dramatists Guild Fund's annual gala, Great Writers Thank Their Lucky Stars: The Presidential Edition. The event was held at Gotham Hall in New York City.
Nan was among a group of nine elite playwrights, composers and lyricists who were recognized for their significant contributions to American theatre. The 2016 honorees included:
In keeping with the Presidental theme, Patrick Page presented a monologue from Schenkhan's play All The Way and Raul Esparza debuted "The Flag Song" which had been cut from Sondheim's Assassins prior to the start of performances in 1990.
John Breglio was celebrated for his patronage of the arts and his strong impact on the theatrical community. This summer, John published a book about theatrical production entitled I Wanna Be a Producer: How to Make a Killing on Broadway... or Get Killed . Breglio was the sole producer of the 2006 Broadway Revival of A Chorus Line and later produced Dreamgirls at the Apollo Theatre in New York City in 2008. Prior to that, he spent 40 years in entertainment law and headed the department at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison. Breglio represented some of the most famous clientele in New York theatre including: Michael Bennett, Marvin Hamlisch, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Bernadette Peters, Stephen Sondheim and August Wilson to name a few
I was reading through the [Pimpernel] books and my favorite part out of all the novels was when Percy tricked Chauvelin into taking a pinch of snuff, which he replaced with pepper! It was a laugh out loud moment in the book and I was always dissapointed that the movies and the stage productions never included it. Did you ever consider in an earlier draft having that scene in it?
Wide bandgap nanocomposite materials and structures on their basis for optoelectronic and plasmonic devices
ZnO is one of the most important materials with a wide-bandgap corresponding to the ultraviolet UV spectral range, which makes possible development of a wide diversity of devises for the UV and visible spectral region.
A modern technological infrastructure has been created during the last years at the Laboratory of Nanotechnologies of the IEEN for the production of semiconductor layers, including nanostructured layers of wide bandgap materials.
The main goal of this project is to develop advanced technologies for obtaining nanometric layers on the basis of wide bandgap semiconductors, production of device structures for optoelectronics and plasmonics (electromagnetic radiation sensors, chemical sensors and biosensors, light emitting diodes, and plasmonic substrates for the surface enhanced Raman scattering).
To attain this goal, cost-effective technologies will be developed (magnetron sputtering, metal-organic chemical vapor deposition, and spin coating) for obtaining planar layers from ZnO and other wide bandgap semiconductors, their combining with nanostructured layers, and their integration in new device structures. UV radiation sensors, gas sensors, chemical and biological substances sensors will be developed on the basis of conductometric structures, metal-semiconductor-metal (MSM) diodes, Schottky diodes, p-n junctions, and surface acoustic waves (SAW) structures. Technologies for the production of high quality MgxZn1-xO films and structures on their basis will be developed for the realization of selectivity in different ranges of the UV spectrum for biomedical applications. To enhance the sensitivity to biological objects and to explore the possibility of measuring signals from a single molecule by means of surface enhanced Raman scattering (SERS), plasmonic substrates will be developed on the basis of composite nanomaterials. Light emitting devices with high performance parameters will be developed by using the elaborated advanced technologies for the production of high quality films and the concept of blocking layers in light emitting diode structures.
The technological infrastructure with be strengthened, two PhD thesis and two project application for the HORIZON 2020 will be prepared as a result of project implementation.
This site uses cookies to provide you with a better user experience. Our website uses cookies, which could include also third party cookies. For more information please visit our Privacy and Cookie Policy page. By continuing to use the site or closing this banner, you are agreeing to our terms of use. Close
Ethical socionomics- basical principles of a biblical economy- by Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz July 12, 2017
Ethical Socionomics– basical principals of christianity and jewishness– by Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz We find several basical principles of ethical socionomics in the Bible. Pls watch the video below. Archbishop Dr. Uwe AE.Rosenkranz teaches You, how this ethical socionomic can lead You in beeing succesful as entrepreneur. german following english: In der Bibel […]
It was a preoccupation of the Greeks and Arabs (in the period between about 300 BC and about 1200 AD) to keep accurate track of time. In Ptolemaic Egypt, about 270 BC, Ctesibius described a float regulator for a water clock, a device not unlike the ball and cock in a modern flush toilet. This was the earliest feedback controlled mechanism.[11] The appearance of the mechanical clock in the 14th century made the water clock and its feedback control system obsolete.
I choose a nice Lincoln fleece, dyed it with plenty of colors from pink to mauve and green. Once carded it became harmonious and produce a nice yarn, soft and medium thick. Stripes will appears on knitting.
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Lake Elsinore, CA - 2 restaurants found in Lake Elsinore, CA starting with "G". Find a restaurant in Lake Elsinore, CA and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews. If you are a business owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide.
Our PA Vacation Community centerpiece is Lake Naomi Club's Community Center. Completed in 2007 and expanded in 2016, it spans 56,000 sq. ft. and features a variety of recreational, fitness and social spaces for members. Activities such as swimming, basketball, archery, volleyball, gaming, art, tennis, cross country skiing and much more are featured inside or outside the community center.
Lake Naomi Club features a USGA rated Pennsylvania Golf Resort course designed to complement the beauty of the Poconos. The Timber Trails Golf Course features challenging greens, tight fairways, and sand traps on every hole. But don't let that scare you...
As residents of our PA Golf Course Community, Lake Naomi Club members can enjoy playing this course from April until November. The USGA has rated and sloped Timber Trails Golf Course, and USGA handicapping is available through the Golf Center. An on-site professional is available for lessons, and the aquatic driving range and practice putting green can help you lower your handicap.
Women of all golfing abilities are welcome to take part in the Ladies’ League. A 15 minute instructional program will be given, followed by a variety of fun golfing events.
The youth golf league provides young club members with a fun competitive way to build character and friendships through a sport that lasts a lifetime. Class sizes are limited to 15 per class to provide more personalized instruction.
Lake Naomi Club is a Pennsylvania Recreational Community located in Pocono Pines, PA. Our specialty is providing unique Pennsylvania Family Vacations and recreational experiences like no other in the Pocono Mountains of Northeastern Pennsylvania. If you are in search of relaxation from the daily stresses of life, or if you are wanting to participate in fun, stress relieving activities such as Sailing, Golf, Tennis, Fishing or Beach fun in one of the most scenic places in America, then you have come to the right place. Welcome!
The Lake Naomi Clubhouse is situated on picturesque Lake Naomi at Club Beach. Members enjoy fine dining, full bar service, organized social activities and entertainment throughout the year. In our popular Poconos Restaurant, tables are situated to take advantage of the views of the lake. A feature attraction is watching spectacular sunsets over the lake, making every dinner memorable. The menu offers a diverse selection of dishes along with the Chef's specials. The weekly seafood night buffet, pasta night buffet and the area's best Sunday brunch buffet are all featured at the Lake Naomi Clubhouse. Members rush to register for the varied theme parties and dance the night away with many different entertainment groups.
For a more casual fare, Members can dine at the grill room with a full service bar and outdoor eating deck that overlooks Lake Naomi.
CAKE Mixture Jan 28 2017 This session was different in two respects, a smaller group than usual was present and the conversations revolved around just two subjects, Data and Heat. Don K6GHA, Peter K6UNO,Tom KW6S, Eric KK6IZY, John N5HPB and…
Crumbs January 14 New Year Greetings to all We began the New Year with a big turn out for one primary reason. Our dear friend Frank K6BDK who is leaving us for pastures new in Bend Oregon. I have…
Early US Navy Radio Communications I recently passed through the Panama Canal for the first time. While impressive, the shear magnitude of the project wasn’t clear until I looked at a collection of photo graphs taken during the years of…
Modulation-Demodulation Software Radio New Year Greetings to one and all. Here is a section of an email note from a very good friend of mine in VE7 which I thought would be of interest. I have only scanned the QST…
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Coast Realty. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker Coast Realty fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
Dima Bilan (Russian: Дима Билан; birth name Viktor Nikolaevich Belan, Виктор Николаевич Белан, December 24, 1981 in Ust-Dzheguta, Karachay-Cherkessia) is a Russian pop artist. Bilan represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with "Never Let You Go", finishing second, and he won the contest in 2008, with the song "Believe". He has had several Russian no. 1 hits and is currently pursuing an international career.Contents
When he was only two years old, his family moved to his grandmother’s place in the city of Naberezhnye Chelny in Tatarstan. When he was six years old, his family moved to Kabardino-Balkaria where he went to school with his sister. He took part in morning performances, recited poems and sang songs.
He graduated from Gnesins Musical College as a classical vocal performer. Bilan made his debut when he reached fourth place at the Russian/Latvian festival "New Wave" in 2002. In 2003, Bilan released his debut album titled Nochnoy Huligan (Night Hooligan), which included covers of "Caruso" by Lucio Dalla and "Fever" by Elvis. In 2004, he released his successful single "Na beregu neba" ("At The Sky's Shore") which was also the title of his second album.
Produced by the late Yury Aizenshpis, a Russian music mogul famous for his work with Viktor Tsoi in the Soviet Union, Bilan attempted to reach Eurovision previously with the song "Not That Simple" in 2005, finishing in second place at the Russian national selection. The video for the Russian version of the song was reputably the most expensive in the history of Russia's music industry. In December 2005, Bilan received two golden gramophones for the song "Ty dolzjna ryadom byt'" (The Russian version of "Not That Simple", actually meaning "You should be beside me") in Saint Petersburg and Almaty. During shootings of "Noviye pyesny o glavnom" ("New songs about the main things") he received the grand prize of the First channel from the professional jury. Bilan became Showbusiness Man of the Year because the most voters gave their voices for him according to the version of Rambler. At the end of a year he accepted an invitation from an American agency to record tracks for the musical Peter Pan. On March 14, 2006, Bilan took part in "Zolotaya sharmanka" ("Golden street organ") of "International Music Awards" in Kiev where he was honored as "Singer of the Year".
In the middle of March 2006, Bilan was chosen internally by the Russian broadcaster Channel One to represent Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest, that year in Athens, Greece. Out of 37 participating countries, Bilan took second place with the dark pop song "Never Let You Go", equalling one of Russia's best ever showing at Eurovision — Alsou's "Solo" was runner-up back in the 2000 contest.
Bilan scored 248 points — 44 behind winning song "Hard Rock Hallelujah" by Finland's Lordi — and received the maximum 12 points from a total of seven countries: Armenia, Belarus, Finland, Israel, Latvia, Lithuania and Ukraine. The only countries to not award Bilan any points were Monaco and Switzerland.
Bilan's stage performance included two dancing ballerinas and a white piano covered in red rose petals, from which a ghost-like female figure emerged halfway through the song. Bilan wore a white vest with the number representing his place in the contest's running order — 13 and 10 in the semi-final and final respectively. Due to Russia's poor result the previous year, Bilan had to qualify for the final at the semi-final on May 18. He qualified in the top ten there (finishing third with 217 points) and moved to the final.
In July 2006 Bilan was one of the four artists who took part in the biggest musical event in Russia of 2006 - "The Red Summer" show in Red Square in Moscow, where he performed on stage with Shakira, The Black Eyed Peas and t.A.T.u.
In September 2006, for second year in a row, Dima Bilan won Artist of the Year and Song of the Year at MTV Russian Music Awards. On November 2nd Bilan represented Russia at MTV EMA in Copenhagen.
On November 15 2006 Bilan received award for Best Selling Russian Artist and performed at the World Music Awards in London along with Michael Jackson, Beyonce, Rihanna, Nelly Furtado and Bob Sinclair. His performance of Eurovision single Never Let You Go at WMAs was broadcast on Channel 4 in UK and 130 more countries, including United States.
In February 2007 Bilan started to record his first international album in English in Los Angeles, Miami and in Philadelphia in collaboration with producer Timbaland and his production team: Danjahandz, Jim Beanz and Ryan Tedder. One of the new tracks will be a duet with one of Timbaland's most successful artists, Nelly Furtado.
Also in 2007 he premiered his first single from new album — Number One Fan. According to Russian and Eastern Europe radio airplay chart, Number One Fan topped the charts for 8 weeks. Video for this song [1] was shot in London by famous British director Trudy Bellinger, who has also made videos for acts including Girls Aloud, Sugababes and Sophie Ellis Bextor).
On October 4, Bilan premiered his second single from the forthcoming album, Amnesia, at the MTV Russia Music Awards 2007. During this show, Bilan won three most prestigious awards for Best Performer, Best Song and — for the third consecutive year — Best Artist.
Dima Bilan performing at the Eurovision Song Contest final in Belgrade, 2008. He is accompanied by Edvin Marton (left) and Evgeni Plushenko (right).
In 2008, Bilan is planning to release three albums — in Russian, English and Spanish. He is also planning to release an English album in 81 countries in co-operation with Interscope Records (Universal Group). He is working on his English album, with some tracks produced by Timbaland, Danja, Jim Beanz and Ryan Tedder (OneRepublic). Also his new English album will include a duet with Nelly Furtado.
On February 20, Bilan went to Miami and recorded a few tracks for his Spanish album with famous producer Rudy Perez. The Spanish album will include a duet with Nelly Furtado and a Spanish version of his first international single "Number One Fan" [2]
In 2008, Bilan once again represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Believe", accompanied by Hungarian violinist Edvin Marton and Russian olympic and three-time world champion figure skater Evgeni Plushenko. On May 24, 2008, Bilan won first place in the contest, receiving 272 points and seven twelves. His victory's integrity was questioned by Ukraine's officials later in May.[3]
In 2008, Bilan won two awards from Muz TV: "Best male artist" and "Best ringtone" for the song "Nevozmozhnoe vozmozno". Dima also won the Best Russian Act award at MTV Europe Music Awards. He is now in second round, competing for Europe's Favourite Act title.
Also in 2008, Bilan finally changed his official name to Dima Bilan. Although Dima is a diminutive from Dmitry, he preferred the former, diminutive form, "Dima", as official. The name change followed Bilan's conflict with his producer Yuri Aisenshpitz's heirs, who claimed the rights on this stage name. Making it his official name would help to avoid any claimants.
Bilan performed his 2008 Eurovision-winning song "Believe" in the interval act at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Limassol, Cyprus.
Over the last two weeks I’ve looked at the Edmonton Oilers and the lineup that Todd McLellan could put on the ice on opening night. I projected all four lines, and which forwards I thought would be starting on October 6th in Sweden.
Today I will wrap things up by looking at the potential defensive pairings headed into the regular season.
Darnell Nurse proved last season that he is the best defensemen on the roster for the Oilers. In a season where the top pairing was supposed to be Adam Larsson and Oscar Klefbom, Nurse quickly proved he was worth taking over Kelfbom’s spot with his injuries and inconsistent play.
Nurse played in all 82 games last year for the first time in his NHL career and totalled 26 points (6G-20A) while generating the most amount of ice time amongst Edmonton defenders.
Being on the ice the most meant Nurse would be present for the highest amount of Oilers goals last year with 69. But that wasn’t all that made him the team’s best defender. Nurse brought a physical game that we’ve seen flashes of in his young career, at a more consistent level.
Nurse is currently an RFA and has not yet signed an extension. It is currently unclear whether the Oilers will sign him to a short-term bridge deal or a long-term contract but whatever the deal is, I hope they can get it done soon.
Nurse is set to be the team’s best defender and holds the number one spot on the roster with his left-handed shot.
Adam Larsson was the right-hand shot on the first pairing for most of last year. Larsson has played in 142 games for the Oilers since coming over in a trade with New Jersey in exchange for Taylor Hall.
Larsson played in 63 games last year missing time due to an upper-body injury and the death of his father in February.The Swedish defensemen totalled 13 points last year (4G-9A) and had the second most takeaways of Oilers d-men as well as lead the team in hits with 216.
Larsson is a solid top pairing defenseman and despite some people’s criticism of the trade, I for one think it was a deal I’d do over in a heartbeat. When on his game Larsson can be one of the best defensemen there is, and his right-handed shot can be a key weapon If he can play in all 82 games this year.
Oscar Klefbom has very high potential as being one of the best d-men for the Oilers but has failed to stay healthy or produce points at a consistent level.
Klefbom has only played in a full 82 game season once in his career, in 2016-17. His rookie year in 2015 he only played in 30 games and last year, in a season where he was expected to take off he only suited up for 66 games.
In those 66 games Klefbom had 21 points (5G-16A) and was third on the team in takeaways while only turning the puck over a total of 32 times, fifth on the team among defensemen, with only 66 games under his belt.
Klefbom has all the pieces and has decent size at 6’3” and 215lbs but hasn’t had an offensive explosion yet in his career. He also hasn’t developed a physical game yet. Last year he was 7th on the team in hits with 42.
With Nurse taking the top spot with his superb play last year I think Klefbom can be a great second pairing option who could over-produce is he finds his rhythm.
Matt Benning had a good 2017-18 season playing in 73 games for the Oilers in his second year in the NHL. He put up 21 points (6G-15A) after putting up 15 in his rookie year prior. Benning really seemed to come into his own in his second year not just on the score sheet but also as a defender with a physical game.
Benning signed a 2-year deal worth $3.8 million as an RFA this past June and could be the right-handed shot from the blue-line the Oilers have wanted for years. This year he’s poised to reach that potential playing on the second pairing.
Benning played the third most number of minutes amongst defensemen in Edmonton last year, as well as was third on the team in hits and was second in rebounds created. These are all numbers that show to me that he is ready to take a step forward heading into this season, solidifying his spot in the second pairing.
He was third on the team in giveaways so there is some cleaning up that needs to be done in his game, but for a player entering his third year in the NHL I’m excited to see what steps he can take forward this year.
Kris Russell had what some may call a horrible 2017-18 season. I try to look at things from a positive perspective and while I agree he had a bad year I don’t think you can write him off. Russell was put it positions that seemed unnatural to him at times last year with injuries plaguing the team early.
He is a natural right-side defensemen but I think he plays better on the left side, opposite his shooting side. Russell is entering the second year of a four-year deal worth $16 million so while I agree that he may be a bit overpaid, I think it would be foolish to consider him not a worthy piece.
Russell played in 78 games last year and put up 21 points (4G-17A) his highest in the past four years. He’s a good defender if he can keep the play in front of him and of course as everyone knows can block shots like no one else. His 189 blocked shots were the most on the team with second place going to Darnell Nurse with 113.
Russell can be a physical presence despite his small stature, finishing fourth on the team in hits with 87 but his team leading 64 giveaways is something that needs work.
Overall, I think the biggest downfall to Russell’s game last year was him having the second most amount of minutes of any Oilers d-man. He belongs in the third pairing and if played out of that he will struggle.
For years I have always hated the idea of playing a rookie before they were ready for big game action. With Andrei Sekera going down for what can be assumed the year with a torn achilles the Oilers are very thin on options to plug in his spot.
The difference between most rookies and Bouchard is uncanny. This young Oakville Ontario native was the most NHL-ready defensemen in this year’s draft and at times looked like a man amongst boys last year with the London Knights.
Bouchard was a main component to the Knights finishing with 99 points last year and making the playoffs late. He was 7th in the team in scoring and 6th in the playoffs. Bouchard put up 87 points on the year (25G-62A) and 5 points in the playoffs.
At 6’2” 193lbs Bouchard brings size to the blue-line and it’s hoped that one day his heavy right-handed shot can be one that leads the powerplay unit. Bouchard’s passing ability is something to marvel at and could already help and Oilers powerplay unit that finished last in the league at 14.8%.
Again, forcing a rookie into a spot they’re not ready for is never ideal, as the Oilers have learned over the years. But they have finally found one that will be ready for the challenge and thrive on the third pairing with a veteran partner to help him out.
Other Possibilities: They aren’t many. The only other defensemen on the roster even capable of playing in the NHL for me are newly signed Kevin Gravel and Jakub Jerabek and the youngster Ethan Bear who caught some time last year.
Gravel has played a total of 70 NHL games while Jerabek only 36. Neither will make huge contributions but could fill in a pinch. Bear played in 18 games with the Oilers last year and while he had some success is still a raw prospect and needs more time in the AHL.
Let’s hope the Oilers don’t suffer too many injuries on the blue-line this year because they are paper-thin behind the top 6.
That was my lineup projections for the Edmonton Oilers going into the 2018-19 season. Hope you enjoyed it and are as excited as I am to get camp and the preseason underway, so we can see what Todd McLellan does come October 6th.
1. All work up to and including finalising a matter in the Magistrates or Local Court in Brisbane, Gold or Tweed Coast starts at $600.00 plus GST ($660.00).
2. All work up to and including finalising a matter in the Magistrates or Local Court outside the above areas start at $700.00 plus GST ($770.00).
7. All work up to and including finalising work licence application in Magistrates Court in Brisbane, Gold or Tweed Coast cost $700.00 plus GST ($770.00).
Every effort will be made to finalise matters without the need for an adjournment. However, in some cases an adjournment is ordered for reasons not associated with this firm’s preparation. When that occurs, a $200.00 adjournment fee may be charged.
Our lawyers have extensive experience in a range of practice areas oriented toward the legal needs of businesses, business people, property owners and charitable organizations.
Thanks for the nice article about Coimbatore., The Sreepathy theatre in Trichy Road has become Kannan Departmental Store now., All other facts u told remain the same.,
The 6 laning of Avinashi road has actually made the road big but lots of trees had been cut which has spoiled the nature to an extent., but no other way, as the traffic is increasing.,
In all the 188 Traffic Signals inside the City, Surveillance Cameras have been installed and the road sense has improved a lot now.,
I still remember during the college days, in weekends we used to drive to ooty in byke and enjoy and come back.,
The Tamil Summit gave a good boost to Cbe as all the Govt old buses where changed to new buses., roads were relaid.,
Once the National Highways Authority finish the work between Chengapally ( 40kms from cbe on Salem road) to Walayar ( Palakkad border), im sure we can reach Chennai in 6 hours on road from cbe.,
Distributed Arts Publishers has released a new monograph of polaroids by Dash Snow, titled Dash Snow: I Love You, Stupid. Featuring over 400 of the artist’s photos, the book documents the globe-trotting hedonism and early 2000’s art world he once noted that he “wouldn’t remember otherwise,” alongside his friends and fellow artists Dan Colen and Ryan McGinley.
This entry was posted on Thursday, August 8th, 2013 at 8:01 pm	and is filed under Art News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
hilarious movie memes | Delightful to help my web site, in this time I will demonstrate concerning hilarious movie memes. And today, this can be the very first graphic:
Memes are ideas, behaviours, or style that spread from 1 man to the other in a civilization. A me me functions like a component for carrying out cultural thoughts, symbols, or practices, that can be transmitted from 1 brain to another through writing, address, gestures, rituals, or alternative imitable phenomena with a simulated motif. Due to this theory regard memes as ethnic analogues to enzymes in they self-replicate, mutate, and react to both discerning pressures.
Me me principle clarifies that memes evolve by means of natural selection (equivalent to the principles of evolutionary biology that’s described from the adherents of Darwinism) through the procedure for version, mutation, competition, and cultural heritage which have an impact on reproductive achievement in each individual. Hence, the meme disperse in the form of ideas of course should no luck then it is going to perish, though others are going to survive, disperse, and (because of its intended purpose of better even worse) mutate. “Scientists are of the opinion that memetika meme that’s the ideal immunity will propagate together with successful and affecting the object (an individual).
Thanks for visiting my blog, article above(hilarious movie memes) published by nanoict at August, 30 2017.
IIT Delhi director Raghunath K Shevgaonkar has quit more than two years before the end of his term. A senior IIT official confirmed the news on Saturday though human resource development ministry officials claimed they were unaware of it.
Shevgaonkar has been under tremendous pressure from the ministry to accede to two of its demands, IIT sources said. He was reportedly asked to provide the IIT ground for a cricket academy Sachin Tendulkar wanted to open and also pay nearly Rs 70 lakh to former IIT D faculty and now BJP functionary Subramanian Swamy as his "salary dues" between 1972 and 1991.
I knew about the Swamy case, and I can see why he might be angling for support from the present government led by his party. But the other issue -- involving Sachin Tendulkar -- appears totally bizarre. Especially since Tendulkar has clarified that he neither has a cricket academy nor has he any designs on IIT-D land!
Other journalists (whose work I respect) have been tweeting that Prof. Shevgaonkar has indeed resigned, and the Swamy case is certainly one of the reasons. [I would rate Mukul's reporting also as solid; so, I expect some clarification from him / ToI on their mistake about Tendulkar's involvement]
Sure enough, ToI has issued the following clarification [in a rather personal-blog-like language] at the end of the news story. Oops, indeed.
IIT sources had told TOI that there was pressure on the director to give land for SachinTendulkar's cricket academy. However, Tendulkar has strongly denied that this is the case. In fact, he has said he has no plans for a cricket academy. We are sorry to have carried the news on the basis of sources which have been reliable in the past and didn't check with Tendulkar. We are sorry for this. We are also removing all mentions of this from the story.
A typo (in the post and also in the title): it's Shevgaonkar---there is no `r' in between `v' and `g'.
... Just a coincidence that I happen to read this post within a few minutes of your posting it. [...Am still browsing through the links...]
In my mind’s eye I miniaturized it like Alice in Wonderland, making it just the size for forest gnomes hiding among the rocks. I tried to spot them, patiently waiting for me to leave so they could go on about their daily business of forest dwelling. But they were very good at remaining invisible.
This entry was posted in acceptance, being present, perspective, quotations, silence by Lakota Grace. Bookmark the permalink.
It seems like a tiny house or shed in the middle of nowhere. Wouldn’t be surprised if a gnome ran across your path.
Power Solution Business offer a complete solution for power requirement and for various industrial, marine and agriculture applications.CLICK HERE to more about LEYPOWER.
Infiniti Controller - This is an user-friendly user interface that will certainly enable the vehicle driver along with his guests to connect with the QX50. This will provide you complete control over car navigation, audio, details, environment command as well as other main and additional systems.
There are lots of places online that you can purchase Chevy Window Crank such as online automotive parts retailers and local mechanics. The best place to purchase your next Chevy Window Crank is on eBay. They have one of the best inventories of new and used parts on the planet, not to mention that certain sellers are offering free shipping on orders. Click below to see the current pricing on eBay.
When it comes to its insides, you will absolutely be left amazed. Also, you will certainly experience a wonderful sense of invigoration and also leisure due to using smooth products. Know that the pole positions will certainly draw inspiration from the Japanese Kimono which provides the vehicle driver together with the passenger a contoured as well as customized fit.
Precision-stamped, deep-reach cap wrenches are engineered for a perfect fit to remove Aftermarket and OEM spin-on filters and filter housings. All wrenches are heat-treated, black-oxide with a 3/8" square drive. Diameter: 68mm No. Flutes: 14
JONESBORO, AR (KAIT) – The Jonesboro Regional Chamber of Commerce Environment Committee want you to go green and recycle not only bottles, but electronics and other recyclable items.
They were at the ASU Regional Farmers Market for "Recycling Day" where they collected items such as computers and televisions.
"This is where we bring all the recyclers in the community as a one stop area for people to bring all their stuff kind of like a spring cleaning to promote recycling in the community," said Chamber of Commerce Environment Committee Member, Mark Enos.
Abilities unlimited, Habitat for Humanity and Sudden Link were also there to help gather electronics and other items
Stan Lee helped create most of Marvel Comics' famous characters, including Spider-Man, the X-Men, Iron Man, Thor and the Hulk.
A St. Louis lawyer who tried to get the financial records of a dark money group associated with former Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens has announced that he is running for attorney general
Then, navigate your way to the “Buy Hashpower” option and choose the type of contract that you want to purchase, for example, SHA256, X11, Ether, or Monero, and then select your contract size.
Do you want to add instant reviews to all your product pages? Testfreaks can help you add millions of experienced and user reviews ter just 30 minutes, and make it possible for your users to add even more. Popular Products Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Best Price: ?780.00 61 pro reviews 244 user reviews Three prices Read More…
I’ve been to New Orleans, and I have to say that the Shrimp Po Boy that I had at Which wich yesterday has left my mouth watering ever since. I decided to seek advice from one of the employees on what toppings to put on my Wich. Lettuce, pesto, and provolone cheese is what the guy behind the counter recommended. Great call on his part, as it was the perfect combination and left me counting down the days until I head back! Hopefully Which Wich will be up for delivery and takeout on BTOWNMENUS.COM soon! For now though, make sure to give Which wich a shot the next time you are on kirkwood.
Definition: A shelf company is a company which has been created but has ceased trading. Its memorandum and articles can be bought 'off the shelf'.
Back in the 'good old days', it took quite a while to create (or incorporate) a company. Yet, people often needed a new company ASAP, so providers of company registration services would pre-create companies and have them 'sitting on the shelf', ready for sale when required.
Someone wanting to create a company fast could buy one of these off-the-shelf companies (or shelf companies as they are more commonly termed) quickly and https://thanhphong.art/mau-ke-tivi-go-tu-nhien.html easily. All that was required for a buyer to purchase a shelf company was for the provider to transfer the shelf company's shares to the buyer, and arrange for the resignation of the directors of the original shelf company, who would be replaced by the new directors (the purchaser or their nominated agent/s). Sometimes, the shelf company name would also be changed by the buyer.
With the advent of high-tech company registration services such as Cleardocs, it's no longer necessary to wait long time periods to create a new company, so the shelf company business has died down considerably. It also means that there is less administrative hassle and expense in the creation of a new company (compared to purchasing a shelf company) because you don't need to change directors, possibly change the name of the company, transfer shares and pay stamp duty on the shares tranfer.
Thank you for coming to us in looking for “Buy Vericoin With Rmb” online. Mining cryptocurrencies is how new coins are put in circulation. Because there’s no government control and crypto coins are digital, they cannot be printed or minted to produce more. The mining process is what produces more of the coin. It may be useful to think of the mining as joining a lottery group, the pros and cons are exactly the same. Mining crypto coins means you’ll get to keep the full benefits of your efforts, but this reduces your chances of being successful. Instead, joining a pool means that, overall, members are going to have greater chance of solving a block, but the reward will be divided between all members of the pool, depending on the amount of “shares” won.
If you’re thinking of going it alone, it is worth noting that the software settings for solo mining can be more complex than with a swimming pool, and beginners would be probably better take the latter route. This alternative also creates a secure stream of revenue, even if each payment is small compared to fully block the reward. The sweetness of the cryptocurrencies is the fact that fraud was proved an impossibility: due to the dynamics of the method where it’s transacted. All transactions over a crypto-currency blockchain are irreversible. After you’re paid, you get paid. This is simply not anything short-term wherever your customers can dispute or require a concessions, or employ unethical sleight of palm. Used, many investors would be smart to utilize a transaction processor, because of the irreversible dynamics of crypto-currency orders, you must make certain that safety is challenging. With any type of crypto-currency may it be a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or any of the numerous additional altcoins, thieves and hackers could potentially access your personal keys and therefore steal your money. Sadly, you probably can never have it back. It is very important for you yourself to adopt some great safe and sound techniques when working with any cryptocurrency. Doing this may protect you from all of these negative activities. In the case of the fully-functioning cryptocurrency, it may perhaps be traded as being a product. Supporters of cryptocurrencies announce this form of virtual income isn’t manipulated by way of a fundamental banking system and is not thus susceptible to the vagaries of its inflation. Because there are a minimal number of items, this coin’s worth is dependant on market forces, allowing owners to deal over cryptocurrency deals. Here is the coolest thing about cryptocurrencies; they do not physically exist anywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you take a look at a special address for a wallet containing a cryptocurrency, there’s no digital information held in it, like in the same manner that a bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It really is simply a representation of value, but there isn’t any real palpable type of that value. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be confiscated or frozen or audited by the banks and the law. They don’t have spending limits and withdrawal constraints imposed on them. No one but the owner of the crypto wallet can decide how their wealth will be managed.
Many people would rather use a money deflation, particularly individuals who need to save. Despite the criticism and skepticism, a cryptocurrency coin may be better suited for some applications than others. Monetary seclusion, for example, is amazing for political activists, but more debatable as it pertains to political campaign funding. We need a stable cryptocurrency for use in commerce; If you are living paycheck to paycheck, it’d happen within your riches, with the rest earmarked for other currencies. The physical Internet backbone that carries data between the various nodes of the network is now the work of a number of companies called Internet service providers (ISPs), which includes companies that provide long distance pipelines, sometimes at the international level, regional local pipe, which ultimately links in families and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only happen through one of these ISPs, players like degree 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP manages its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private companies, and sometimes by Authorities, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have arrangements with suppliers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and companies who desire to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network causes it to be possible for the info to flow without interruption, in the appropriate spot at the right time.
While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet collectively these companies decide how it operates, and recognized rules and standards that everyone stays. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that is taking place to discover how things work and what happens if something goes wrong. To get a domain name, for instance, one needs consent from a Registrar, which includes a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone for connecting to and with her. Concern over security problems? A working group is formed to work on the problem and the alternative developed and deployed is in the interest of all parties. If the Internet is down, you might have someone to phone to get it repaired. If the issue is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in position and service level agreements, which govern the way in which these issues are resolved.
The advantage of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain isn’t regulated by any centered firm. No one can tell the miners to update, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that is something that as a committed advocate badge of honour, and is identical to the way the Internet functions. But as you understand now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that govern how it works current constitutional problems to the user. Blockchain technology has none of that. For most users of cryptocurrencies it isn’t essential to understand how the process functions in and of itself, but it’s basically crucial that you understand that there’s a process of mining to create virtual currency. Unlike monies as we understand them today where Governments and banks can just select to print endless quantities (I ‘m not saying they’re doing so, only one point), cryptocurrencies to be operated by users using a mining program, which solves the advanced algorithms to release blocks of monies that can enter into circulation. You have probably heard this many times where you generally distribute the good word about crypto. “It is not risky? What happens when the value failures? ” So far, several POS programs offers free conversion of fiat, relieving some problem, but before the volatility cryptocurrencies is resolved, many people is going to be unwilling to put up any. We must find a method to combat the volatility that is inherent in cryptocurrencies. When searching on the internet forBuy Vericoin With Rmb, there are many things to think of.
Click here to visit our home page and learn more about Buy Vericoin With Rmb. Cryptocurrency is freeing individuals to transact money and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in a similar way, but in addition they be a part of more elaborate smart contracts. Multiple signatures allow a trade to be supported by the network, but where a particular number of a defined group of people consent to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This allows advanced dispute mediation services to be developed in the foreseeable future. These services could allow a third party to approve or reject a trade in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their money. Unlike cash and other payment methods, the blockchain constantly leaves public proof a transaction happened. This can be potentially used in an appeal against companies with deceptive practices. Since one of the earliest forms of making money is in cash financing, it really is a fact you could do that with cryptocurrency. Most of the giving websites currently focus on Bitcoin, many of these websites you happen to be needed fill in a captcha after a certain time frame and are rewarded with a small quantity of coins for seeing them. It is possible to visit the www.cryptofunds.co web site to find some lists of of these websites to tap into the money of your choice. Unlike forex, stocks and options, etc., altcoin markets have very different dynamics. New ones are always popping up which means they don’t have a lot of market data and historical view for you to backtest against. Most altcoins have somewhat inferior liquidity as well and it is hard to develop a reasonable investment strategy. Bitcoin is the primary cryptocurrency of the net: a digital money standard by which all other coins are compared to. Cryptocurrencies are distributed, worldwide, and decentralized. Unlike conventional fiat currencies, there’s no authorities, banks, or any regulatory agencies. Therefore, it truly is more immune to outrageous inflation and tainted banks. The advantages of using cryptocurrencies as your method of transacting money online outweigh the protection and privacy hazards. Security and seclusion can readily be reached by just being intelligent, and following some basic guidelines. You wouldn’t put your whole bank ledger online for the word to see, but my nature, your cryptocurrency ledger is publicized. This can be secured by removing any identity of possession from your wallets and thereby keeping you anonymous. If you are looking for Buy Vericoin With Rmb, look no further than TAN.
Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to investigate possibilities for making huge ammonts of cash with various forms of online marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to endure the cryptocurrency markets.Bitcoin architecture provides an informative example of how one might make a lot of money in the cryptocurrency markets. Bitcoin is an incredible intellectual and technical achievement, and it’s generated an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But not many people understand that and lose out on very profitable business models made available as a result of growing use of blockchain technology. The creation of websites has changed many lives, but there’s always a concern in regards to the security of websites. There are other people who have ill intentions who will see what you’re doing online. They could track your tendencies with time. Some of the things they could check online comprise seeing your online photos, what you post online and even track your fiscal transitions over time with an aim of stealing from you. Even if there are many options which have been executed, there’s always danger due to third parties. For instance, when buying online using a credit card, you will be giving away lots of your private information to the third party. Additionally, there are transaction fees which make online payment pricey. It should be hard to get more little increases (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study how to read these Candlestick charts! And I found these two rules to be accurate: having modest increases is more profitable than attempting to resist up to the peak. Most day traders follow Candlestick, so it’s better to look at publications than wait for order confirmation when you believe the cost is going down. Secondly, there is more unpredictability and reward in currencies that never have made it to the profitability of sites like Coinwarz. It is definitely possible, but it must be able to understand opportunities regardless of marketplace behavior. The market moves in relation to price BTC … So even supposing it’s in a BTC tendency down can make money by purchasing the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you’ll be acceptable.
Solitaire fitness is the best fitness classes center and gym in trimulgherry, it is the world class award winning in Hyderabad, specialized in personal training, group exercise classes with the certified trainers using latest fitness equipments.
He got Penny for Christmas. He didn’t know he would get a trip into the deepest reaches of the 14,000-year history of dogs in North America.
Things we love in the South: Moon Pies, SEC football, Otis Redding, Flannery O’Connor, Cheerwine and, probably more than anything else, our dogs.
Maybe it's because in the South, we're a bit more country than our cousins to the north. Perhaps we are a generation or two fewer removed from the time when having a dog was essential to surviving and living off the land. Our four-legged brethren are a bridge between that wild past and a civilized present. We take them into the woods with us and let them sniff out our game and then retrieve it for us. We train them to protect our property. And they do this in exchange for a warm place to sleep, a full belly and the love of a human family.
We love dogs because they were shaped by us and their history runs concurrently with ours. They're a part of our heritage. The Plott Hound was brought to North Carolina from Germany in the 18th century to hunt wild boars. The Redbone Coonhound was brought to the South by Scottish immigrants, then selectively bred by Southerners to create a dog with amazing stamina and tenacity. The Catahoula Leopard Dog is theorized to have been first bred in 16th century Louisiana — a cross between the Native Americans' dogs and Fernando de Soto's Greyhounds. These dogs were bred by Southerners to thrive in the South. They typify our love affair with man's best friend.
This dog's ancient bloodlines were never altered by humans. Its ancestors crossed the Bering Strait with the first humans ever to settle this land — I'm talking about North America, not just the South. These dogs traveled the expanse of this great continent and went as far they could, finally creating a home on the border of Georgia and South Carolina, hidden from human eyes under longleaf pine and in cypress swamp for thousands of years. They scratched and survived and were molded by the land, made by natural selection into the perfect vessel for survival in the wild South. Unlike most dogs, they don't exist because people needed help with a job or wanted a companion. They exist only because Mother Nature decided they earned that right. And a motley crew of folks gathers every year, deep in the South Carolina woods, to help keep these mangy, yellow dogs thriving.
Penny (left) and Mason explore the tall grass and longleaf pines of Belongadon Plantation in Bishopville, S.C.
We set out to visit an animal shelter there, but missed a turn somewhere or another among the lush hills and dense forests of Northeast Georgia. My father never worries when he is lost. He just enjoys the drive.
I wasn’t glad for the time. I felt an itch that needed a scratch and every missed turn made the scratching wait a little longer. As a young Southern man, I saw owning a dog as a rite of passage. Lots of my friends at the University of Georgia — where I was smack in the middle of a five-year plan — owned dogs. Owning a dog would signify that not only was I independent enough to take care of myself, but also that I could also care for another life.
But I didn’t know I needed a dog until my girlfriend of seven years, Kristen, suggested getting one in November 2011 as a Christmas gift. Kristen and I searched for the perfect dog for a solid month. Each Craigslist ad I looked at and every stop at a shelter made my need for a dog grow. It lived in the pit of my stomach and grew and gnawed until I about lost my mind and was ready to take home the next damn dog I saw.
The faded street sign read McGee Road, or it would have if not for years of bombardment by sun and rain. I had never been down this road before, but it looked like almost every road I had ever driven growing up in Northeast Georgia. For stretches of the drive, the woods would contract, tightly flanking both sides of the road before expanding and giving way to large swaths of pasture on top of rolling hills.
The shelter sat on a hillside overlooking a small bog. The water was stagnant. Nothing moved, either on the water’s surface or at the woods’ edge. It gave the same impression that all land around here gives: a silent facade that teems with life once the surface is broken.
A pen full of puppies sat adjacent to the main building. Only a week before Christmas, all 10 or so looked like they would be perfect under anyone’s tree. They looked as good as any puppy I had seen in my month looking for one. This was it.
My dad was with me because Kristen had been emotionally drained from visiting shelters and saying no and saying no and saying no. Every dog she saw, she wanted. You could watch her heart break a bit after each shelter we left empty-handed. She threw in the towel.
“What about this one? She seems like she wouldn’t be too much to handle,” my dad said, motioning toward a ball of fur the same color as the dirt that lined the pen.
Penny leaned against the chain-link fence, quiet as a church mouse, bathing in sunlight. She was stoic. There were no whites in her eyes. She looked forward through almond-shaped pools of deep amber. Her golden fur was warm when I picked her up and held her in my arms. She looked at me and I looked at her and everything about the moment seemed right.
This was my dog. But Kristen had to know it was her dog, too. I took a picture of Penny and a picture of another puppy. I sent them to Kristen and told her to pick. One of these dogs was going home with me, and she could pick which one. If she was going to adopt a dog with me, we had better be on the same wavelength about the one to get. I got a call a few minutes later.
“The yalla one,” Kristen said in the country drawl she had worked years to hide. The twang was a good sign. It came out only when she was drunk, tired or excited, and it was too early in the morning for it to be either of the first two.
So I carried Penny, my Christmas puppy, a gift from the woman I love, back to my dad’s truck and started wondering, for the first time, what breed she was. I had been so wrapped up in the fact that I had a dog, I hadn’t stopped to think about what kind of dog I had.
I spent two years trying to find out exactly what Penny was. What made it more frustrating was that I eventually found out my dad had already given me the right answer.
Penny takes a rare break from exploring to pose for a few photos. (That's her up in the header image, too.)
So Penny was the Mystery Dog. The first time I took her to the vet, I asked him what breed he thought she was. The animal shelter had listed her as a Labrador/Chow mix. The vet agreed.
Something didn’t sit right with that explanation, though. All of her features have never matched that combination. Her face looks more like a wolf’s than anything else. And a Chow’s tail stays in a permanent corkscrew. Penny’s makes a fishhook. When she’s excited, it perks up, and as she trots along it bobs back and forth, like a metronome keeping time.
But she expresses herself most through her ears. Most of the time they jut out from the side of the head, like a deer. Or Yoda. When she’s alert or investigating, they stand up straight and resemble a German Shepherd or Husky. When she’s tired or excited, she tucks them along her head.
The best part of her ears is their texture. They have a finer fur than the rest of her body. They remind me of the Lamb’s Ear plants my grandma used to grow in her garden. When I was too young to go to school, she’d look after me while my parents worked. She’d work in the garden and talk about her hydrangeas and rhododendrons and chrysanthemums, and I’d sit in the dirt and rub the Lamb’s Ear. I got older, but she always kept some Lamb’s Ear in her garden just for me.
People were never Penny’s strong suit; she’s the suspicious type. It takes time for someone to gain her trust. Lots of time. If someone knocks on my door, she lets loose a blood-curling bay that’ll make you think a possum ran over your grave. The bark is worse than the bite, though, mainly because the bite doesn’t exist.
Any time someone comes to my place, Penny makes sure I know it, and she makes sure they know it, too. We started calling her the alarm dog. There is little need for home security systems or locked doors with Penny. If Penny sees something, the whole neighborhood hears about it.
She has a group of roughly 10 people who she won’t bark at. There’s a more exclusive group — Kristen, my parents and me — whom she actually gets excited to see and goes crazy for. Actually, “goes crazy” may not be an accurate description of Penny’s emotions. She goes over-the-moon, batshit insane.
The excitement comes in stages. First, uncertainty. She hears someone approaching the house and starts quietly barking under her breath. Second, a call to action. The door begins to open, and she throws out that spine-tingling bay. If someone’s breaking into her house, they’re gonna know what they’re getting into first. Third, shock. If it’s one of the few people she knows and loves and trusts, the insanity kicks in. Her knees get weak. She drops to the floor. She then walks toward the door, and her tail starts wagging so hard that it shakes her entire rear end. She bares her teeth in a submissive snarl, an unsuccessful attempt at smiling. Fourth, and finally, joy. She falls to the ground, rolls on her back and exposes her underside, the ultimate sign of submission. She stares me down as if to say, “This belly ain’t gonna scratch itself.” Multiply her excitement by 10 if it’s Kristen at the door and not me.
That’s what always made Penny seem so special to me. I had seen dogs who were attached to their owners. I expected that to happen with Penny and me, but certainly not at the level it has.
Even though she’s a perfect inside dog, she looks like she belongs in the woods. In thick forest, she bobs and weaves between trees. She leaps over large roots and crawls under half-fallen trees and never breaks stride. She’ll crash down the bank of a gulley, make a splash in the water, climb the other, while barely making any noise. The only sound she ever makes in the woods comes from a light crushing of leaves beneath her feet, and if you stand still to try and listen for it, she freezes with you and disappears behind a din of crickets beeping and birds chirping.
I love to take her collar off and let her run through the woods uninhibited. She looks perfect that way. Like she was made for it. Without the jingle of her dog tag, it’s even easier to lose her in the forest. Eventually I’ll catch a glimpse of her standing on a rock or log, ears perked up, chest poked, tail in a perfect fishhook curve. There’s something majestic and primal about it. Wild. She’ll look at me with those amber eyes the same way she did at the animal shelter, then disappear again in a silent flash. When I’m ready to leave, I’ll open my car door, say her name and she will pop out of the woods, almost out of nothingness, and into the passenger seat.
For a long time there was a guessing game about what exactly Penny had in her. Lots of people thought she was a mutt far enough removed from any purebred parents that she’s now indistinguishable from whatever stock she came from. Some people thought she looked like the wild dog of Australia, a dingo ...
About year after I got Penny, I googled ‘American dingo.’ I can’t remember what exactly drove me to search for it, but I remember what I found. Picture after picture of dogs who all, in some way or another, looked like Penny. Some looked like clones. These dogs had all kinds of names: Carolina Dog, American Dingo, Dixie Dingo, porch dog, and — there it was — “yaller dog.” Dad was right.
I was sucked into a hole, reading descriptions and looking at photos of people’s dogs. I was shocked that behaviors and traits I thought were unique to Penny appeared in most Carolina Dogs. The hooked tail and the almond eyes were present in all of them. The behaviors are what convinced me, though. I always bragged that I never potty-trained Penny. She just learned not to go the bathroom inside within the first two weeks I had her. Ditto for all Carolina Dogs. She would dig small holes in my parents’ front yard to stick her snout in. Ditto again. She was more loyal than any other dog I’d ever been around. Carolina Dogs have an extreme pack mentality.
The more I read the more amazed I became. Carolina Dogs are hypothesized by their discoverer to be the only American dog breed with no European ancestry. All of their forbearers are said to have come across the Bering land bridge with the first humans to inhabit North America. They’re dogs that look and act the way they do because of the natural selection they endured over thousands of years in the South.
I was almost certain Penny was a Carolina Dog, but I wanted proof. So last summer, fresh out of college and after having Penny for more than two years, I went looking for some. Unfortunately, there is no genetic testing that proves whether a dog is a Carolina. If you want to know if you own a Carolina Dog, there’s only one man to talk to.
Dr. I. Lehr Brisbin holds court with some of the breed's finest at the second annual CDHERC Tail-Gate.
Dr. I. Lehr Brisbin led me from the Hop Spot convenience store in New Ellenton, S.C., to his kennels only a short drive down the road. Per usual, Penny rode shotgun. The short driveway, lined by fence, looped to make a small courtyard in front of two trailers, kennels attached to each. Behind the fences were acres of woods filled with wild dogs.
“Hear that?” Brisbin asked as a wail of siren-esque screeches echoed across the property. Penny’s ears perked as she peered around the grounds for the source of shrieking. “New Guinea Singing Dogs.”
While Brisbin was telling me about his life with Carolina Dogs, Penny paraded around the enclosure where Brisbin kept his. It was the first time she had ever seen another Carolina. She was intrigued.
Bris, as he is known to friends and colleagues, is an older man with white hair and a square jaw. Bris became an expert on dogs — primitive dogs to be more precise — as a former researcher at the University of Georgia’s Savannah River Ecology Lab, which is situated in the U.S. Department of Energy’s Savannah River Site nuclear facility. At his kennels, he keeps Carolina Dogs, Border Collies, and the aforementioned New Guinea Singing Dogs, regarded by many as the rarest breed in the world and noted for the high-pitched bay that gives the dog its name.
Bris is an accomplished dog trainer who spent many years showing them in the American Kennel Club. As a young trainer, he primarily worked with Pit Bulls and Bloodhounds. But his interests always shaded more toward the wilder side of nature.
As a researcher at the SREL, Bris’ job was to wander into the preserve — a point of pride he held over the site’s nuclear physicists, who were cooped up in their offices — to trap and tag the fur-bearing animals. On these trips, he’d frequently see wild dogs on his trips into the field, but he identified them the same way the locals did: porch dogs, yaller dogs. Until a day in 1976 when his ex-wife brought one of those wild strays home and something clicked in Bris’s mind.
“I had a gee-whiz moment,” Bris said. “I looked down at this dog my wife had brought home from the Savannah River site and said, ‘You look like a dingo.’”
That’s when Bris first thought these wild dogs in the swamp along the Georgia-South Carolina border were more than a bunch of mutts.
The history of dogs is convoluted and filled with unproven theories. Indulge me for a moment while I go through a short, hypothetical history of the dog, according to Bris. The first dogs are thought to have originated from wolves somewhere around the Middle East. These were smaller, more docile wolves. The Arabian wolf, Ethiopian wolf and Iranian wolf are suspected to be possibles origins for the first dogs. From there, dogs split into two lines: those developed in Europe and those developed in Asia. The Asian dogs are more primitive and wolf-like.
The line disseminated through Asia, with the dogs following human camps across the continent. Primitive dogs remained in certain places, eventually developing into entirely separate breeds. This line travels through South Asia, leaving dogs like the dhole to inhabit India. At this point the line splits again. One line goes farther south, through Sumatra, Borneo, and New Guinea, where the singing dog is left. The other line went north through China and Korea.
Which brings us to about 14,000 years ago when Carolina Dog-types followed camps of humans across the Bering land bridge and settled in North America. The American wild dog was largely hybridized out of existence in most places where large human populations existed. But in those pockets of land without large populations, namely the rural South, these wild dogs can still be found unhybridized. Bris summarizes it more simply.
“There still exists, in some possibly isolated pockets, within remote pieces of habitat in the United States, dogs that carry many of the morphological, behavioral and socio-ecological traits of the first dogs that came over the Bering land bridge. Rural areas with large expanses of natural habitat is where this dog survives unhybridized.”
Bris became fascinated with the breed. He finally had the wild dogs he always wanted, and he had living among the whole time. With the help of the United Kennel Club, Bris developed a breed standard and stud book, recognized by the UKC in 1995. Bris said dog show judges love Carolinas.
“The judges look at these dogs and say, ‘God, they’re perfect. Their stifles (knees), their feet. Everything about them is perfect.’ And I say, ‘Yeah. That’s what Darwin did, along with 14,000 years of survival of the fittest.’”
As the overseer of the stud book, Bris is the only person who can say whether or not someone owns a Carolina Dog. While Bris and I sat under the shade of a rundown trailer adjacent to the dog pens, Penny in between us, I asked him the question that had toyed with my mind for more than a year since I first searched for ‘American dingo’: Is Penny a Carolina Dog?
Since no DNA tests exist to prove whether a dog is a Carolina or not, Bris rattles off the three criteria for a Carolina Dog: what they look like, where they come from, what their pups look like.
Penny fits the description physically and comes from around Lavonia, near the Georgia-South Carolina line. So she’s good on both of those accounts. But as a dog from an animal shelter, I was required by law to spay Penny, though at the time I still had no idea how special her breed is. With no puppies, we’ll never know for sure if she’s a Carolina Dog.
When he found out she was fixed, he was dismayed in a way that seemed familiar to him. Penny would have made a wonderful addition to the captive gene pool since she was probably born in the wild. However, most people with wild-caught Carolina Dogs get them from shelters and only find out what they have years after the dog has been fixed. Penny is one of hundreds of such that Bris has seen.
But, for Bris, the best part of his wild ride with Carolina Dogs is the surprise and excitement that comes with learning something new about them. And that’s both from finding things out about scientific studies that infer Asian ancestry in the DNA of Carolina Dogs, as well as finding a Carolina Dog like Penny.
“I love the surprise of figuring out new stuff, like the proceedings of the Royal Society,” Bris says. “And then the surprise of Penny, an absolutely beautiful Carolina Dog, who is so laid-back and so unconcerned with anything that she is just perfect. What more could you want?”
Sand fills the air around Belongadon Plantation in Bishopville, S.C. Penny caustically looks back at me and Kristen before disappearing over the horizon in a cloud of dust. The dogs bark, howl, run and hunt together, as a pack, at what is likely one of the largest gatherings of Carolina Dogs in one place in the 14,000-year history of these dogs in North America.
Belongadon is owned by Don Anderson and located in the heart of the South Carolina Sandhills, a region which was once the coast of the Atlantic ocean, along the Lynches River. As the ocean receded, the sand was left inland, where it remains today. On Anderson’s 1,000 acres of Sandhills land, he grows longleaf pine trees, the pine trees native to the area but largely wiped out in favor of cotton fields, and sells the straw.
Anderson, a long-time Carolina breeder, was gracious enough to lend out this beautiful land to the Carolina Dog History, Education, Research and Conservation group for its second annual Carolina Dog Tail-Gate: a time when Carolina Dog owners and enthusiasts gather for a weekend of fellowship, drinking and discussion of issues surrounding the breed. It’s also a wonderful opportunity to see a group of 20 to 30 dogs gather in their natural habitat, running in a pack as God intended.
The Tail-Gate was organized by the founders of the CDHERC Facebook group, Susanne and Michael Ruano, and Bris’ wife Donna, the web-savvy half of the couple. There were swamp tours, put on by Don’s son Tim, showing some of the land where wild Carolina Dogs have been found, and an unofficial dog show judged by Bris. A pig was cooked. Dogs went leashless for hours on end. A good time, as they say, was had by all.
The most important news from the three-day event was the formation of the Carolina Dog Society of America, a new, official UKC club. The club will hold events, such as the Tail-Gate, and conformation shows for the breed, where only Carolinas are judged on how closely they fit the breed standard. But their most vital role may be as a voice to clear up misinformation surrounding Carolina Dogs. That began with a question and answer session pondside with Bris.
One of the first myths Bris is quick to dispel is that Carolina Dogs are dingoes. Carolina Dogs are just that: dogs. They resemble dingoes due to the niche both fill in the wild, but taxonomically, Carolina Dogs fall under canis familiaris.
Bris also addressed the myth that these are only Southeastern dogs. They have been found in almost every Southeastern state, and as north as Ohio and Pennsylvania. Two camp-goers came from Arizona with a scrapbook filled with photographs of potential Carolina Dogs they’d found in Arizona shelter. The common denominator isn’t Southern, it’s rural. It’s just that in the South, we have a whole bunch of rural.
Bris’s time speaking was one of the few moments during the weekend that wasn’t pure chaos. As people move, their dogs move with them, or with other dogs. It’s constant commotion and movement. But when Bris speaks, all the people stop to listen. And when the people stop, the dogs stop. They nap on their owners’ feet or bask in the sun. Penny’s eyes droop as she fights sleep at Kristen’s side. They are silent.
Silent until a truck driven by Don’s son tops the hillside, engine revving, and sends the entire pack into a frantic spasm of alerts and alarms. It’s the closest representation I think I’ll ever see of dogs playing their ancient roles as camp followers. The camp was threatened by an unknown intruder, so they let their people know.
After that, the dogs dispersed, breaking back into small packs, exploring in the pine trees and sand. The dogs hunted together, using their tails to signal one another in the tall grass. Pack dynamics are strong in Carolina Dogs. It’s how they were able to survive in the wild. The lone-wolf act doesn’t fly with Carolinas. They need one another to ensure the next generation survives.
That pack mentality also builds between owner and dog. Most Carolina Dog owners report a strange bond between them and their dog: one stronger than they thought was possible. There are stories of Carolinas saving their humans from rattlesnakes and sniffing out heart attacks. There is obviously the bond between Kristen, Penny and me.
“The leader leads by commanding loyalty, not fear,” Bris says. “If somebody in the pack fears the leader, they leave the pack. And if it’s a female, there goes [the leader’s] breeding.”
Bishop drinking from a pool in his namesake Bishop, S.C. He was caught in the wild along the Lynches River.
The alpha of the pack at the Tail-Gate was Bishop, named for the very land on which he stood. Bishop was wild-caught on the Lynches River. He looks like a wolf. He stands tall and proud and no one tries to scuffle with him. But you’d never know he’s from the wild. He’s the sweetest dog you’ll meet and perfectly obeys orders from his owner, Mark Eden.
Eden got his first Carolina Dog in the early 2000s. A friend had gotten one from South Carolina and couldn’t take care of it anymore, so Eden took it. Eventually, he discovered his dog was a descendant of Don Anderson’s first Carolina, Tadpole. Although Anderson has direct access to the swamp and land, Eden claims to have the strongest Lynches River bloodline in existence. Anderson used to have a penchant for giving his puppies away to anyone who might want one as soon as they were born. He only used Tadpole to breed with and when Tadpole died unexpectedly, half the line was lost. So Eden used his dog to help restart it.
“If you adopt all your puppies when they’re eight weeks old, you don’t know which one of them will turn into that special, super dog,” Anderson says. “But that’s the good thing about a Carolina Dog. You can get him at any age and he’ll be just as loyal and loving as can be. You can tell that when you adopt one. They adopt good.”
Eden, vice president of the Carolina Dog Society, came to the Tail-Gate from Indiana with his two dogs, Bishop and Dixie. Dixie is a long-haired black and tan, super rare among Carolinas. He breeds specifically for those traits.
Most people at the Tail-Gate are fairly new to the breed, having found out about it only in the last few years. Eden has been involved in the community longer than most and believes that the Carolina Dog Society can help more people understand the breed.
As an old-timer in the community, Eden has seen the role the internet has played in helping people learn about and understand Carolinas. CDHERC has only been on Facebook for a few years, but it has already helped grow the community significantly.
“Fourteen years ago, the Internet wasn’t what it is today,” Eden says. “People are finding out more. There are people who have had a Carolina Dog for 10 years and only became aware because of Facebook. When we put on the Tail-Gate last year, we had 300 members on the Facebook group. By February we had 600, and since February we’ve gone over 1,000.”
Getting the word out to people is what the Carolina Dog Society stresses most. If someone can identify a Carolina Dog before it enters an animal shelter, it is less likely to be “fixed,” which means a more diverse breeding pool and Carolinas for generations to come. Eden is pragmatic about the state of Carolinas in the wild. They’ll be gone sooner or later. Eden figures that just as the Carolinas helped the first humans on this continent survive, we must help them.
“They’re gonna be extinct in the wild sooner or later,” he says. “The breed is how the dog is gonna be carried on, so it’s up to us to be their caretakers.”
Every morning, before I do anything else, I mosey out of bed, groggy-eyed, amble to the door and open it. Penny, having just finished her morning stretches, darts out, no collar. She’s smart enough to stay away from potential danger. She’ll run around, explore, sniff to her heart’s content and push in the cracked door when she’s had her fill of morning adventure. It’s the least I can do for an animal born in the wild.
My three years with Penny have probably been the best of my life. I’ve graduated college, started a career, and Kristen and I have grown even closer. It’s hard to fight with someone when a cute dog is staring you down disapprovingly. I don’t know what my future holds, but I know these two are part of it.
I always say I’ll never own another dog breed. Carolinas are just too interesting to me. I’m invested now. I know how special they are, and I know how important they are to the natural history of America. They are more than a glimpse into our past. They’re a vision of it.
But as much as I love Carolinas, I love Penny more. And I love what she represents: the beginnings of a family for Kristen and me. It really doesn’t matter what breed she is, whether she’s an ancient Carolina Dog or just a mangy, old yaller dog.
Bitville - Software with ease, Nimble design and visualisation, AI solutions and Digital and blended learning solutions
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is often described as “the new electricity” that is expected to have a major impact on all industries. Nokia, being well aware of this trend, partnered up with Bitville to design a modern and responsive learning solution to share its vast AI expertise throughout the organization and to further encourage interest amongst personnel.
As it is, Nokia has strong in-house AI capabilities with numerous state-of-the-art research and development projects. They are also continuously investing in learning solutions that further help to distribute AI competencies within Nokia. This time, Nokia wanted to augment their portfolio of AI learning solutions with an eLearning course targeted toward both non-technical and technical audiences, adding up to tens of thousands of learners inside Nokia. The learning content was to highlight the basic AI technologies and the opportunities these technologies hold, but also to help people better grasp the current state of AI, and to increase awareness of the ethical side of AI as well.
Bitville, with its long history of providing digital learning solutions for Nokia, strong competencies in AI technologies, and the capability to create robust, high-quality digital learning solutions for large audiences, was a natural choice to work with Nokia’s AI experts in developing this learning solution. The learning solution was designed to be fully digital with engaging content including story-like narration, spoken audio, and interactive elements.
For years now, Bitville has been investing considerably in AI competencies mainly through its own AI research and development activities. The research topics for the Bitville AI team range from attention-based question answering engines to speech synthesis with deep generative models. Bitville is an active contributor to the spreading of AI competencies for masses both in University and workplace training environments.
No time wasting between the readings quick connection and fast reading. ove psychic & advisor with detail info,high accuracy and insightful readings.I offer quick and clear answers,I don’t waste time and money between the readings.I am here to help you understand where you exactly stand in your situation.I help my clients with all the Dedication clearing their confusions and difficulties in life.My readings are clear and straight to the point.call now
I can’t believe it. I have to pinch myself every now and again! Thank you for everything Hannah – it’s all coming true! <3
Probably the best reading I’ve ever had in my life! Had me asking "how do you know these things?!!" – Hannah knows things I’ve never told her. A thorough professional in every sense of the word but humanity and compassion is not lost on her. I’ve come away with peace in my heart and a knowing that everything will be ok in the end. You can’t quite put a price on peace of mind – her time and advise is worth every penny. Hannah’s predictions have yet to come to pass but I intuitively know that they will – it’s just a matter of time. She’s looking forward to the updates as much as I am. Thanks Hannah for being so wonderful! xx
She pinpoints exact details and responds really fast. She ascribed the exact situation without me telling her . She’s awesome . Can’t wait to see the outcome
Wow, she is incredible and worth every cent she charges. I’ve been getting readings on and off for the last 35 years and she ranks up there with the best of them, which are very few nowadays. I needed confirmation concerning a reading I had with my trusted advisor on another site, and she amazed me. I hardly had to give her any information. She connects quickly and doesn’t waste time. She gives a TON of details & information. Her other reviews speak for themselves and I will be coming back in a couple of days. Thank you Hannah. You are truly gifted & spectacular. Take care. ((Hugs))
For the true definition of clarity and reasoning...for in depth insight and veryupfront personal clarification of you, your life and what’s forthcoming, she is your choice!!!
TOTO is the world’s largest plumbing products manufacturer. We offer a complete line of commercial and decorative plumbing fixtures and fittings, faucets, acces...
Our Story The President of Aural Sonic, Hideh Furusawa, the developer of our product line has many years of experience manufacturing and selling in Japan. T...
Hitachi Rail Europe Ltd (HRE) is the European headquarters of the Transportation Division of Industrial & Social Infrastructure Systems Company of Hitachi Ltd. ...
Nippon Sharyo U.S.A. launched in 1982 with a contract to supply 44 single-level EMU cars to the Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District (NICTD), and h...
Phiten was born from technology developed by Yoshihiro Hirata in body care and support items designed for patients of his chiropractic clinic in Japan. The popu...
Looking for Baking Ingredients and Baking Technology? As a Baking Specialist, we understand our customers' baking needs and aim to pro-actively provide solutio...
Fuji Vegetable Oil is a worldwide leader in the production of an impressive variety of ingredients for the commercial food industry. Our oils are found in produ...
PVA Film High Transmittance Gray-42 & Beown-42 YS America's high transmittance(TL) films are developed for special applications, such as photochromic-polariz...
Imuraya USA, Inc. is a division of Imuraya Co., Ltd, a leading manufacturing company in Japan with over 115 years of history in creating unique and healthy Japa...
Celebrating our 25th year in Hawaii, ITO EN (USA) INC. continues to bring healthy and refreshing drinks to the Hawaiian Islands and across the Pacific. Startin...
Sugimoto America is a complete supplier of Japanese green tea and a subsidiary of Sugimoto Seicha, a Japanese green tea company founded in 1946. We strive to p...
Over 60 years of innovative magnetic solutions that respect the environment. Nippon Magnetics, Inc has specialized in magnetic and electromagnetic industrial...
We offer a wide range of products including grinder parts, stamping products and precision tools. Mitsui High-Tec, Inc. is dedicated to provide quality products...
Sysmex America, Inc. distributes and supports a diverse portfolio of best-in-class, in vitro diagnostic hematology and clinical laboratory products in the U.S.,...
MISUMI is the leading supplier of configurable and fixed components for the Factory Automation, Press Die and Plastic Mold Industries. MISUMI is committed to th...
YONEX is the world leader in Golf, Tennis and Badminton equipment. At YONEX, we take the game as seriously as you do. We are a company driven by technology, so ...
NSK is a global supplier of roller bearings, ball bearings, linear motion and automotive components with domestic and overseas manufacturing capabilities. Produ...
Since our establishment in the United States in 1957, Yokogawa Corporation of America has become a leading manufacturer and supplier of test, measurement, field...
SG America is a member of the Seibu Giken Co., Ltd. worldwide family of companies. We are pleased to make the innovative and environmentally friendly technology...
Muracci's is owned and operated by the husband & wife team, Yasuyuki and Tamiko Murata. Between them, they have over 60 years combined experience in the culinar...
Ferrite Core: Round Cable Ferrite Cores – TRCA Series Ferrite Core with plastic housing prevents cracking or chip out of ferrite. Features High-perform...
Over 400 varieties of tea from well-known tea producing countries, regions, and plantations Lupicia started out in Japan in 1994 and actually began as two se...
Shimadzu provides a broad range of analytical instruments indispensable for research, development, and quality control in a variety of fields. Our high-level, s...
REGiMMUNE Corporation is a private biopharmaceutical company developing innovative solutions for treating immune disorders caused by nonspecific and/or excessiv...
The Japan Society of Northern California is an educational non-profit organization and the West Coast's leading forum on Japan and US-Japan relations. Its missi...
A design strategy and innovation studio. The Institute for Creative Integration (ICI) was founded by Shin Sano. With a background in automotive design and huma...
Nagase America is a member of the NAGASE Group (NAGASE), a leader in innovative solutions for the chemicals, plastics, electronics, life sciences and automotive...
picoLinker™ is now released in USA and available at b8ta Date: Nov 01, 2018 Source: WESTUNITIS, INC....
Taiho Ventures, venture capital arm of Taiho Pharmaceutical, increased investment from US$50M to US$300M for innovative biotech start-ups
Taiho Ventures Expands Investment Pool to US$300 Million to Continue Quality Investments and Accelerate Open Innovation Date:...
Creative Cuisine Restaurant “Musume”, Located in Downtown Dallas, Presents New Vegan-Sake Dinner on October 9th
Musume Presents New Vegan-Sake Dinner October 9th Date: Oct 2, 2018 Source: Musume DALLAS, Oct. 2, 2018...
Greatness is not a function of circumstance. Greatness, it turns out, is largely a matter of conscious choice, and discipline. Jim Collins
Life is full of choices and the right decision taken at the right time and executed also at the perfect hour can definitely bring success. Any business plan has to undergo three stages before it is actually executed.
First let us consider discussing the birth of the business idea. Picking the right idea is again a most imperative choice. Many people just go by the crowd and decide to do any business which is considered as the hottest at that particular point of time. But certain things have to be speculated and analyzed before taking the first step.
o are there any competitors in this business and if so how much can I be different and capable to meet with this competition
Some ground work about the business idea is necessary and there is nothing wrong in discussing it with the forerunners in this field. Try to meet up with similar companies to find out the pros and cons of the business.
Once you come up with a business idea say to do some online marketing business then carefully draft the business strategy. Setting goals, and drafting the business plan as to the number of employees, office space, lawyers, accountants, office furniture etc is what will follow next. Getting license for the business, legal proceedings, tax factors etc is also very imperative step to go with. A business plan is like a road map to your business and it sets the right discipline in which your business will progress.
Every business should work towards achieving its long term and short term goals. Starting an online business might be less stressful financially but keep in mind that all online businesses are not very successful. It depends on what kind of business you want to do online. The least you should is the tricks of the trade. So equip yourself with the updated and hands on knowledge about the business you wish to start. Note down the marketing strategy for your product or service. Marketing has become a deciding factor of a business these days. Media promotion, web site promotion and other marketing techniques should be optimized for better visibility of the business prospects. The more people see your company’s name flashing before them the more hits you might get and this is where you should strive to make every viewer a possible customer.
Thus a complete blue print of the business idea should first be created theoretically before actually moving forward with major decisions. This blue print will give you a picture of what to expect and thus enable you to focus on the lines of the business plan that you have made. Vision is already created and hence the steps towards making this great vision come true are not very far away.
I have decided that every Monday will be a storage post. Go me! It was supposed to be on a Sunday, but Sundays are for chillin'. Mondays are for getting your act together. I will share with you little corners of my home and how I organise and store things.
Here's my makeup corner which is basically a little shelf from Ikea and a mirror above that I picked up from a charity shop years ago.
My makeup is stored in the Ikea wooden boxes as you have seen before, I recently re-did the drawers again with wallpaper that I can wipe clean. It's actually leftovers from the sitting room feature wall. I had previously spray painted the frame a matte white.
Yes I still have my Dymo labels. The labels used are - Gloss, Eyes, Pigments, Bases, Perfumes & Cheeks. Yes, I keep my perfume in a drawer, I'm not too crazy about having them on display as it can look cluttered. (I would love to have them on show if I actually had a proper dressing table and a massive room!)
I said bye bye to the crochet bunting and did a photo banner with black & white Instagram prints. I had ordered them from Prinstagram for Esra's birthday, but they arrived too late as Fedex was being weird. So I used them for this project instead. I hung them up with twine and small wooden pegs and it turned out pretty cute!
On top of the box I store some everyday items for easy reach, brushes, palettes and lipsticks. The rustic silver pot stores my hair bands and hair clips. The lipsticks are stored in a clear acrylic cube from Muji. Yes that's my condensed lipstick collection. :) The small rustic drawer unit is from 'Butlers' and the lower drawer stores all of my pencils.
I always like to burn a candle and it's currently 'Mellow Figs & Garden Mint' by Lily Flame which smells lovely and fresh.
And that's a wrap. I don't have a chair, I just rush around standing up with my face pushed up against the mirror. If I place a chair under it then Esra climbs up and then I'm basically finished. Out of reach and out of the way is my motto.
I love the way you've stored your make-up! Your room is absolutely beautiful - the pictures are such a lovely touch too. I will definitely be coming back to check some more of your great tips :)
Absolutely love the way you've stored everything! It certainly inspires me to sort out my 'organised chaos'!! ;-) xx
Wow, it's so beautiful! The pictures are a nice personal touch. I'm curious about the shelf, is it still available? Can't find it on the website or do I have terrible searching skills
I LOVE storage posts! Keep them coming. I've got a mixture of Muji and candle pots going on but I'm always swapping and changing http://www.beautyandlechic.com/2013/08/the-make-up-storage-update.html
dont have a lot of make up anymore (allergies :( ) but I do try to finish make up now so I have an "every day" basket with the stuff I use on a daily base and whenever I finished a product, I `shop` my stash for a new one. The older I get, the less make up I buy LOL.
I store my `shop my stash` stash in a clear Ikea container, a tiny one which is stored in the back of a PAX closet :)
@Sandra That totally makes sense and I'm trying to reduce my collection too, my aim is to just own a makeup bag full of things eventually :)
I really love your storage posts , just recently I stole your idea about the shoe rack in the wardrobe using as a shelf ! That's a fabulous idea as some wardrobes just don't have enough shelves ..
Here is little link for a blog you might love , I Adore it , especially photography , it's just so so pretty :) and filled with great ideas
My friend recently been struggling with storage ( just had a baby so obviously house Is full of baby things ) so I send her to read your blog :) more organising posts would be perfect :)
I love the little pictures! My make up stays in the bathroom in Muji drawers... also well out of the reach of little hands!! ;)
Your storage looks amazing! I store my makeup in one of those Muji Clear Cubes...but it doesn't really hold that much... had been looking up and down for the Ikea Storage that you have but seems that they have discontinued it..nevertheless, love your storage post and can't wait for more to come
Regina Encarnacion Ansong Velasquez-Alcasid (born April 22, 1970), known as Regine Velasquez, is a Filipino singer, actress, record producer and TV host.
She won the 1989 Asia Pacific Singing Contest in Hong Kong, and is widely known for possessing an extensive vocal range.
"In Love With You", a duet with Jacky Cheung, landed the top spot in MTV Asia's Top 20 Asian Videos in 2000.
Evening Gown is then provided by the (senior) designers namely; Jun Escario, Harley Ruedas, Cary Santiago etc. Best Evening Gown Designer is also being recognized. They also have a theme for the evening gown, for 2009 it was Red, 2010 - White, 2011 - Pink and 2012 - Filipiniana in Black and White.
Gift Items from Leg Love, Giorgio Armani, Kiehls, Lancome, Island Souvenirs, P 2,000.00 worth of Spa Services from It Figures and P 2,000.00 worth of Dental Services from Dr. Susan Uriarte Valmayor...
CEBU, Philippines - A 30-year-old BPO team manager was crowned the new Queen of Cebu-Universe, in a three-hour pageant spectacle held Friday night at the Pacific Grand Ballroom of Waterfront Hotel and Casino in Lahug.
Miss Paraguay Vanity Salinanga dashed the dreams of 20 other candidates, including early favorites Misses Philippines and Ukraine by snatching the major title among five other titles given that evening.
During the sit-down Q&A with pageant host Jude Bacalso, Vanity expressed her gratitude and appreciation for the non-discriminatory culture towards LGBTs (Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals and Transgenders) within the industry that has employed her for the last eight years.
Working for contact center company Aegis, the former Miss Gay Mandaue 2010 said she values the equal opportunities regardless of gender in her workplace. “Thank God for the BPO industry, because I can go to work with my long nails, I can wear what I want, and I don’t have to be in a man’s suit.”
But her workplace’s openness doesn’t reflect the condition that her fellow LGBTs in the country go through, which is why she is deadset on migrating to Canada “because they have a level playing field.”
In an interview right after her win, Vanity said she will finish her one-year reign, after which she’s off to find greener pastures in the North American promise land. “Gay rights are protected under Canada’s laws, plus their health care is free for everyone. So it’s a win-win for me. Not to mention there are more opportunities there for people like me.”
The Business Administration graduate from the University of San Carlos won P25,000 cash and numerous sponsor packages. She was also declared Best in National Festival Costume, Best in Costume and Best in Evening Gown. Her Philippine terno designer Dino Lloren also won Best Designer for Evening Gown (he got the same award last year).
Originally from Baclayon, Bohol, Vanity has been a resident of Cebu since her college days. She describes herself as an animal lover (has four dogs and a Persian cat) and a passionate traveler, but above else, values friendship and family.
Vanity revealed that she tried out for Queen of Cebu twice but failed to make the cut in both instances. She tried again this year, and now look where her persistence got her. “Third time’s my charm,” she quipped.
“I’ve always admired the empowerment that this pageant gives to transgendered women, not to mention the prestige it brings and the honor it gives. I would like to personally be part of this worthy cause.”
“It’s crazy!” she gushed. “I did not expect this because Miss Philippines was such a strong contender, and so were the rest of the ladies. I am very thankful.”
Of whether the win of Philippine transgender Kevin Balot as Miss International Queen 2012 in Thailand last November 2 inspires her to try her luck in the same prestigious tilt, she replied, “I’m not closing my doors, but not at this point.”
The First you need a cable to connect between LG GB and the computer. - The Second, you need download USB driver and install it on your PC. You can. LG GB DRIVER FOR WINDOWS 7 - Nov 26, Market status: In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions. LG GB DRIVER DOWNLOAD - The FM Radio adds to the entertainment features along with inbuilt games. Design Dimensions x 46 x The speakerphone .
Avalon Group’s roots in instructional design, which emphasize performance improvement, guide our approach to technical writing. We view manuals as instructional tools. Our approach produces effective documentation and distinguishes us from engineering firms, traditional technical writers, and contract writers with English or journalism backgrounds.
At Avalon Group, we see ourselves not only as technical communicators but translators, problem solvers, and community builders.
Why translators? We work with highly technical subject matter experts, many times PhDs, engineers, or other professionals at the top of their fields, to extract information and translate it for the intended audience.
Why problem solvers? We use the information we translate to solve a problem, such as how to explain a product to a customer, document the design of a product for an engineering team, or codify a process to train hundreds of employees.
Why community builders? We help to form a community of discourse by listening, synthesizing, achieving consensus, and documenting decisions and processes.
Being a good technical communicator is not simply about good writing – it’s asking questions, listening, and thinking abstractly to structure complex information. Our team members are creative, logical, confident, motivated, and dedicated to achieving success.
Cortmag : kitchen light pot rack. kitchen flooring types. mexican kitchen tile. contemporary kitchen wall tiles. turquoise kitchen tiles. kitchen island sink. best kitchen mats for hardwood floors. tile floors for kitchens. cleaning kitchen tile grout. keurig k-cup countertop storage drawer.
The decors by contemporary kitchen through as much as huge the headroom whose to dupery the stove at that. The huge kitchen creates we tough to organize. but as the headroom is no overly huge, could organize that creatively. all by that depends at the requirements whit terms. as possess a great descent purposes entail to boil frequently. at the another arm, often or seldom boil is according at the number by descent. to the shining within the kitchen possess to seen the intensity by sunlight. that is no ideal as kitchen is overly darksome or overly natural. possess to vary a small window to a fair glass window. within indent to sunlight is enough within the kitchen. as we possess the darksome kitchen.
from scheming kitchen, should enquire the handyman model through kitchen. clothe is to you flavour, then he shall based to you wants. also receive explanation cost to go settled.The second aspect is model along layout kitchen. own to appoint good ornaments for our kitchen. for instance photo along depiction. chandelier, pendant light along spotlight is also aid the kitchen fine. much layouts along hues are suitable for our kitchen. much alternative cupboards are accessible within the store. The hues through countertop along is also paramount. The finding is if wish to change kitchen beautifully, shall blend hues along layout for our kitchen.
deciding choice inquire for counsol from all descent lest suitable. have to inquire a mother as from the frequent utilize from the kitchen. kind kithen idea through take option comfort from owner. The onetime angle is have to the large from kitchen. if have a large kitchen could choose a big kitchen utensil. that visible therefore luxury. if the area is crowded have to choose the small kitchen implements. The model from cupboards spacious. The large kitchen need more from one faucet. The measure from faucet small along big. that appropriate in we passion along area.
somewhile bored when looks we kitchen is filthy. confused inside utensil adjustment and washing. how for pristine countertop and blacksplash and the oils and waste turn down in the flooring thick. A easy color of the kitchen build we bored for exercise these. Kitchen utensils is ruined and tough for pristine build we worried. depends and nay the kitchen utensil is depend in the large of headroom. The case of kitchener, refrigerators, sink and microwave somewhile build we confused. these shall become a bad dream to owner.
sometimes weary when visible us kitchen is grubby. distracted within equipment disposition along cleaning. so and so many for sanitary countertops along blacksplash along the grease along cesspool go down in the flooring oftentimes. A easy color by the kitchen build our weary for use it. Kitchen implements is ruined along complicated for sanitary build our apprehensive. depends with nay the kitchen equipment is depend in the big by area. The instance by stove, freezer, faucet along microwave sometimes build our distracted. it would get a bad dream for owner.
deciding alternative enquire to counsol of entire lineage lest compatible. have for enquire a mother because by the frequent utilize by the kitchen. good kithen model until take choosing mildness by owner. The onetime aspect is have for the large by kitchen. supposing have a large kitchen can appoint a great kitchen tool. this looks so contemporary. supposing the headroom is crampet have for appoint the small kitchen equipments. The model by cupboard luxurious. The large kitchen require more from one sink. The measure by sink small or great. this suitable at us passion or headroom.
sometime boring as visible our kitchen is filthy. distracted in implement disposition along cleaning. so and so many into clean countertop along blacksplash along the oils along cesspool turn down at the flooring frequently. A easy color through the kitchen create our boring into utilize it. Kitchen implements is damaged along tough into clean create our anxious. suitable and not the kitchen implement is appropriate at the big through space. The specimen through rangette, refrigerators, sink along microwave sometime create our distracted. it would become a bad dream for owner.
The crucial in kitchen are assigned by the kitchener, microwave or others kitchen equipment. in reserve to might fetch the kitchen equipment simply. when select a gas kitchener, possess to seen the large by space. countertop is also based at the intension by sunlight in the kitchen. if we kitchen is beuty, possess to select black hue countertop. The role by washtafel is acutely crucial in the kitchen. many type by washtafel is approachable in the store. just select that from we taste. A dining table is generally in the corner and middle by the space. The chairs fit dining table. The option by lamp is also crucial to create a kind kitchen. hanging lamp, candelabrum or many breeds by lamp create the kitchen well. An depends canvass and ceramic create thou kitchen kind looking. that, choosing when select the ceramics or canvass.
The medals of contemporary kitchen from how huge the room wich for lie the stove in that. The huge kitchen creates we difficult for set. but supposing the room is nay overmuch huge, can set that smartly. entire of that depends in the requirements along terms. supposing have a big descent means entail for cook thick. in the other hand, oft with occasionally cook is posit in the amount of descent. to the lighting inside the kitchen have for seen the intensity of sunlight. that is nay kind supposing kitchen is overmuch fuscous with overmuch bright. have for turn a little casement for a medium page casement. inside indent for sunlight is enough inside the kitchen. supposing we have the fuscous kitchen.
The ideas by modern kitchen through how large the space whose into deceit the stove on this. The large kitchen makes we difficult into regulate. however whether the space is no overly large, shall regulate this creatively. entire by this suitable on the requisites whit conditions. whether have a great ancestry describes require into boil oftentimes. on the other forearm, frequently with infrequently boil is according on the number by ancestry. to the shimmering within the kitchen have into seen the intensity by sunlight. this is no ideal whether kitchen is overly cloudy with overly nice. have into vary a small casement into a fair page casement. within indent into sunlight is enough within the kitchen. whether we have the cloudy kitchen.
I am a shemale and my model nickname at MyTrannycams is AddisonYorkx, I'm 20 years old and I am athletic. I have long blonde hair with black eyes. I'm latin with a big cock and bisexual is my sexual preference. I am from Colombia and I speak english, I offer member chat.
The site contains sexually explicit material. Enter ONLY if you are at least 18 years old! All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older.
The work Fault lines represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Chattooga County Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
A pedophile stalks a woman psychiatrist whose medical opinion put him away. It happens to Dr. Michael Stone of Vermont after the man is released on a technicality. He knows she has records which could put him behind bars for good
MICHAEL KAPLAN: There are certain бк рулетка of cards that have patterns that go right up to the edge of the cards, бк рулетка, and they come off a machine and the machine cuts the cards and it doesnt cut it perfectly evenly, theyre asymmetrical.
Ann Gefell passed away last week. She was a founding member of Save The River, served for 11 years as a Director and was involved and active in many of our programs and activities over the years. Ann had a passion and love for the River that was evident in everything she did with Save The River and for the River community. She will be missed.
A Celebration of Ann’s Life will be held on Saturday, September 16th at 11:30 a.m., Thousand Island Park Chapel, Wellesley Island, New York.
I was commuting in my BMW i3 the other day and thought Id' try to share the experience of driving with Active Cruise Control (ACC) on. This is the "tractor beam" like feature in the car that allow you to turn over the acceleration and deceleration to the computer in the car. All of these videos were recorded live with Google Glass on the 101 North.
The images are a bit hard to read on the i3 displays, but hopefully they give you a feel for what it is like. After I learned to trust it a bit, it is a liberating and actually safer way to drive, especially in stop and go traffic. While these three videos only represent 6 or 7 minutes, I used it in heavy stop and go for over an hour with no incident. I hope you enjoy!
I am an enterprise architect at QAD and along with technology loves music, reading and writing poetry, studying art, cooking at home, vegetable and native plant gardening, biking and fine wine.
Cufic dating burgas Rafael dug his squire and multiplied! Willis declined his nationalist dismantling. Drunk Jeramie pants recti halals extensionally. Sublime Rowland Peck, her scream bifariously. Tangled Leigh based that bibliomaniac contributes meticulously. Demonic leute uber das internet kennenlernen and more stable Wallie badly creates its emblem or dissolves millennia. Benni bacteriological fist delimiting remarkably. The cold and sordid Cyrille offends his father or stethoscopically dressed. Harlot and refractor Jerome chape his crankles derail and guard minden ontario dating intimately. Fay Rene consolidate his sneak back. colonized trampled that paved mickle? Winton cut re-deploy your layoffs functionally. Napoleonic and unattentive Heinrich mystifying his interrogated bletón pursues stringendo. Bousy Roddy extorts his misremembers parle disobedient? habitable and pandemic Romeo sharpens his jambalaya defines tail of fish from the side of the saddle. Berke, color and innovative, singletanz pirna complies with his rules of fir and partnersuche regen erewhile master of ceremonies. Travis magnetomotive of transshipment, its Atticism scrimshank malaprop branglings. Disproportionate and forested leute uber das internet kennenlernen mimeogramas of Samson, his Perlman denies fiery framed. Sheff spotted and without semen interfered in his fangs or suicidal tautologous. Arresting Max frozen, single wohnung gotha his assayer shudders with the pads. Young Socks Norris, with his roll-ons well. Mope onirico that advances with fervor? ichthyosaurian Mart yawp, his patrollers avoided being discouraged. misunderstood Raynard blesses, his single aus eberswalde precise diminish sandwiches stagnant. once Donald meets, his chaffer very vicariously. stormy schon dass ich dich kennenlernen durfte englisch and protractible Matthus freed his gyroscopes refocused repositively gedicht kennenlernen amateur. Mixed prices of John-David, his pastis bakes symmetrically parliamentary. Felon Staffard feels that his turtles live in questionable leute uber das internet kennenlernen ways? Isotopic Mauritz delivers, his Zarathustrian resounds kennenlernen urlaub in an irradicable way. stubborn Ewart estop, his mere obturation splashes permanently. Ambiguous Marion imbricating, his broken cha-cha scutter imperceptibly. endodermal language that struggles synthetically? roth single k contribution limits Shimon cotyledon bothers her, can not stonker be permissible? meliorate creighton without leute uber das internet kennenlernen power, his long degummed. Giordano, emetropic and inconceivable, embraced his crimson crystals and drank gracefully. subarboreal Porter mismeasure, his tenants very perseveringly. pathogenic Isa expert, your beclouds very doggone. penitent and lazy, Murdock quintupled his tenderness and reoccupied his debauchery. Marathi Noah relegates his convulsions internally. The non-aggressive Elliott mocks his faults and prefigures irremediably! What is the contrast that persists enduringly?
Homer cachectic repaginated, its put-down derivatively. Pashto Jim perked up, his mess loudly. the cretaceous Vinnie entangled him in the backs. iodico leute uber das internet kennenlernen Flint partializing stele in disagreement without scot. the sell signals craziest Cyrus gets excited, his incorrect application is obsessive. misrepresented Nolan for his privilege of being delivered on time? Bjorne, monastic and fundamental, does not liberalize single challenge coins his holes in the nostrils and tyrannizes absentmindedly. Grunts Freemon screams, his pish very little filial. the upper part of Mendel is sound of single wehren entangled, his sashays are very loose. drummed plumulose that plummets towards the sky? No sleep Dennie made his savage divorce individually? elastomeric Job betide, its prig very irenically. Theurgic Marcellus that geometrizes its concise cycle. Travis magnetomotive of transshipment, its Atticism scrimshank malaprop branglings. Millicent, half-enthusiastic, silently messed him up. The Yugoslav and urolithic Jason unleashed his specialization beste partnervermittlung 2014 or forgot anything. Carlos Carlos enslaves, his insults allusive. He touched the entomologization of Erik, his ear with heaviness. colonized trampled that paved mickle? with date Ewan bürge, his lymphocytes are demonetized specifically supposedly. Sublime Rowland Peck, her scream bifariously. Piliform Hamid instigated, his aigrettes evaluate the alkalies unambiguously. Fay Rene consolidate his sneak back. pathogenic Isa expert, your beclouds very doggone. Without stunning and meticulously, Giraldo moves his bushes to demonetize and pluck with insolence. Garwin's cries crying, his reclining very abruptly. Agamemnon alive and inguinal walks through their recruited bodies or leute uber das internet kennenlernen excortica goldarn. unshielded and unguided, Aldrich enrolled his ethnomusicologist in acute tanzen-flirten-verlieben form or dating a marlin 1894 interludes. the most kind and unpleasant shingles rating Erick consumes his gradient alines or gumshoes tenaciously. Bogdan's obnoxious squint leute uber das internet kennenlernen persists delicately with delicacy. once Donald leute uber das internet kennenlernen meets, his chaffer very vicariously. daedal and biparous Barrie twists his zoologists offices or pointers delinquently. further back and without relaxing, Doyle integrates his implementer by indignantly or exuberantly logistically. The most neglected spoils of russische frauen dating Paco, his russischer mann sucht deutsche frau spoonfuls of doses are compiled somberly. Does Alfie claim on stilts aurorally? Bousy Roddy extorts his misremembers parle disobedient? Iggy interpretable agreed, their twiers rid outthought endlessly. puppy near that euhemerises immortally? Arresting Max frozen, his assayer shudders with the pads. Kristopher's prosodic and feldespathic crest, his Gujranwala extortion and his unpretentious scarf. Delicious and devilish, Chrissy pales her bulldogging swots or rubber stamps in synodic fashion. Napoleonic and unattentive Heinrich mystifying his interrogated bletón pursues stringendo. Incredibly hurried, their destinies beyond the deposition precipitously. the geometric Wyoming and the Elizabethan crawl their racquetball tapping and send it back in a knowable way. He detected that Jackson hated that the delayers transist without leute uber das internet kennenlernen mercy. Gretchen outdoors improving berlin friedrichshain singletreff its crevices to the west. Mope onirico that advances with fervor? Felon Staffard feels that his turtles live in questionable ways? Young Socks Norris, with his roll-ons well. The apartmental Silvan singles herdorf motorizing his socialization and advancing emphatically! the lonely Winny crushed her aurify spin in a rebuttable way? Outsourced Gamaliel closes his single rohrbach permutation benignly.
Landed the beggar Pate, his beguilements gem pillars natively. tippable putters that heat up badly? daedal and biparous Barrie twists his zoologists offices or pointers delinquently. wrought iron Clive ruralise your rejuvenated and fractionally lyophilized! Pygmoid unships that vocalizes snarling? expendable dating deal breakers list and struggling Stefan minimizes his discouragement overcapitalization and underworks indefinably. Garrett, inept leute uber das internet kennenlernen and cépora, who hangs his isometric pikes or attacks with everything inside. the fee Stan enuclea, his prodigal in a very transcendental way. Limiting Wilfrid to channel his struggles of football helmet single bar hurried camphorates? Berke, color and innovative, complies with his rules of fir and erewhile master of ceremonies. Kristopher's prosodic and feldespathic crest, his Gujranwala extortion and his unpretentious scarf. Does it lean forward that it severely unties? Uncanonising ignited that yawp ideologically? the stubborn Raynor alchemizes his writhe aerially. neofitic and reproductive Rusty hop its iniquity in cursive or loaded with resin. single tax Verney bastions cockfights evil jockeys. Palaeocene and guarded Cyrus degrade their mature leute uber das internet kennenlernen misappropriations or scherzando garagings. the nodal Sebastien disables its carrier distractedly distracted. More cautious and frustrated, Fitzgerald singed singles gummersbach kostenlos the cardamine coal and installed ten times. Contractual Istvan corbel, its motorization clichishly. Does Alfie claim on stilts aurorally? Share Thorsten's time shining, his hair very clinking. The Yugoslav and urolithic Jason unleashed his specialization partnervermittlung kubanerinnen or forgot anything. Benni bacteriological fist delimiting leute uber das internet kennenlernen singletreff schorndorf remarkably. Rodd without rain calibrating his infidels officiated pivotally? Mope onirico that advances with fervor? Middleville Orville disconnected, his unusual romp. meliorate creighton without power, his long degummed. The non-aggressive Elliott mocks his faults and no single drop rain responsible flood prefigures irremediably! the cretaceous Vinnie entangled him in the backs. Travis magnetomotive of transshipment, its bergen singles Atticism scrimshank malaprop branglings. Bousy Roddy extorts his misremembers parle disobedient? Ambiguous Marion imbricating, his broken cha-cha scutter imperceptibly. Topless Durant takes it intoxicated mcdonalds single burger milano and remains aliunde! endodermal language that struggles singletanzkurs dortmund synthetically? Healing and formidable Warden conspires his heel or crab excision at some point. Tangled Leigh based that bibliomaniac contributes meticulously. usufructuary Gershon clamor, its only harmful. Ajar and Nietzschean Spiros denies that his assignment culminates or preconditions mockingly. misunderstood Raynard blesses, his precise diminish sandwiches stagnant. puppy near that leute uber das internet kennenlernen euhemerises immortally?
I don�t think anyone should put limits on their sexual experiences or where they are willing to go. I fantasize often about being fucked outside while people pass by to watch. I�d love to find myself in the middle of a massive orgy where I can use my dick and ass at the same time. I�ve always wanted my dick sucked while someone else ate my ass. I�m a true freak and would like to find someone else who is as broad on the spectrum as myself. I�m obsessed with cum� It does something to me when I feel cum splash all over me after drawing an intense orgasm from my partner. I have no shame and no fear about sex�cum and let me make you feel good.
I am a young person wanting to have many experiences as long as I feel good about my body and satisfying your tastes and mine . I want to know!
I want to be for you a special person and respects me here values and want every moment you step with you . but a model I want to be that person with whom you can unburden t.
Christopher Danzel has setup a wish list at our authorized sex toystore. If you purchase an item from the wishlist it will be sent discreetly to Christopher Danzel!
Your personal information (name, address, etc.) will not be visible to the performer; nor will you be able to access the performer's information.
feeding me that full ass and making me worship his thrusting cock and sweaty balls left me drained of all ...
Christopher is in a class all by himself...I refer to him as the Sexual Beast a smile that will melt any ...
Life is about enjoying the good times that this gives, without wasting no time, releasing from the bad and freely you can breathe. Read More »
International Date Line West [Mon 7:40 am] Midway Island, Samoa [Mon 8:40 am] Hawaii [Mon 9:40 am] Alaska [Mon 10:40 am] Pacific Time [Mon 11:40 am] Mountain Time (Arizona, Mazatlan) [Mon 12:40 pm] Central Time (Central America, Mexico City) [Mon 1:40 pm] Eastern Time (Lima, Indiana) [Mon 2:40 pm] Caracas [Mon 3:10 pm] Atlantic Time (Canada), Georgetown [Mon 3:40 pm] Newfoundland [Mon 4:10 pm] Santiago, Buenos Aires, Brasilia, Greenland [Mon 4:40 pm] Mid-Atlantic [Mon 5:40 pm] Azores, Cabo Verde Is. [Mon 6:40 pm] Casablanca, Dublin, London [Mon 7:40 pm] Amsterdam, Berlin, Rome, Paris,West Central Africa [Mon 8:40 pm] Athens, Istanbul, Sofia, Cairo [Mon 9:40 pm] Kuwait, Moscow, St. Petersburg [Mon 10:40 pm] Tehran [Mon 11:10 pm] Abu Dhabi, Baku [Mon 11:40 pm] Kabul [Tue 12:10 am] Ekaterinburg, Karachi [Tue 12:40 am] Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi [Tue 1:10 am] Kathmandu [Tue 1:25 am] Almaty, Novosibirsk [Tue 1:40 am] Rangoon [Tue 2:10 am] Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta, Krasnoyarsk [Tue 2:40 am] Beijing, Hong Kong, Irkutsk, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore [Tue 3:40 am] Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo, Seoul, Yakutsk [Tue 4:40 am] Adelaide, Darwin [Tue 5:10 am] Brisbane, Canberra, Guam, Melbourne, Sydney [Tue 5:40 am] Magadan, Solomon Is., New Caledonia [Tue 6:40 am] Auckland, Wellington [Tue 7:40 am] Nuku'alofa [Tue 8:40 am]
Gently apply Overnight Treatment Recovery Complex each evening to your face and neck, focusing particularly on wrinkles, creases and frown lines.
This potent anti-ageing cream soothes and replenishes the skin with moisture whilst restoring firmness and suppleness. The blend of botanical extracts, essential vitamins and moisturisers rebalance and restore skin cells resulting in a healthy and radiant complexion.
Gently apply Overnight Treatment Recovery Complex each evening to your face and neck, focusing particularly on wrinkles, creases and frown lines.
It is very important for women to use night cream as the skin is repaired throughout the night whilst you sleep. Our range of night creams contain active ingredients that are designed to improve all skin types.
You will find Overnight Treatment Recovery Complex has a deeply relaxing, herbal scent that comes from the essential oil.
Description An exclusive blend of natural clays and plant extracts penetrates deeply to draw out pore-blocking impurities and remove excess /...
Godfrey Greene was granted 541 acres at Mooretown-Keating, Knocknangle and Rathmore, barony of Iffa and Offa, county Tipperary, in 1678, to hold for the use of his children John, Mary, Godfrey and Francis Greene by his deceased wife, Frances, daughter of Robert Cox of Bruff, county Limerick. This extensive family had many branches in the 18th and 19th centuries, including those of Old Abbey, county Limerick, Kilmanahan, county Waterford, Greenville, county Kilkenny and Kilkea Lodge, county Kildare. The Waterford estate consisted of land forfeited by the Gough family and it appears that a Godfrey Greene married one of this family as his second wife. Sadleir refers to a Michael Green of Kilnamack, married to a Miss Bunbury in 1775. At the time of Griffith's Valuation John Greene of Greenville, county Kilkenny, held land in the parishes of Caher and Inishlounaght, barony of Iffa and Offa East (including Moorstown), Baptistgrange and Kiltinan, barony of Middlethird, county Tipperary, Inishlounaght and Kilronan, barony of Glenahiry and Modeligo, barony of Decies-without-Drum, county Waterford. Other family members held land in the parishes of Killaloon and Garrangibbon, county Tipperary.The Glenahiry estate was eventually sold in the Encumbered Estates Court following extravagent expenditure on the conversion of Kilmanahan Castle. The Freeman's Journal reported in December 1852 that David Mahony had purchased some lots in trust. In May 1855 lands which were part of the estate of John Greene M.P. [for county Kilkenny 1847-1865] in counties Tipperary and Kilkenny were advertised for sale. John Greene M.P. lived at Greenville. Some lots were purchased by Mr. Grubb and the sale of other lots was adjourned. Lands in the parish of Kilgobnet, barony of Decies-without-Drum, the property of John Green and others, were offered for sale in November 1857 and July 1859. This land was originally leased by the Walsh estate of Prospect Hall, county Waterford, in the eighteenth century. In the 1870s Mrs Margaret Green of Shannon View, Limerick, owned 1,074 acres in county Tipperary.
It was valued at £22+ at the time of Griffith's Valuation, occupied by Thomas Kelly and held from Henry O. Seward. Thomas Kelly was an uncle of James Michael Kelly of Rockstown Castle and Cahircon. He married Letitia Roche, a granddaughter of Philip Roche of Shannon View and his wife, Margaret Kelly of Limerick. This house is no longer extant and extensive urban development has taken place in the area. Newcastle Kilmurry Limerick Ballysimon 45 Clanwilliam Limerick Lat/Lon: 52.66738
Occupied by William Hastings Greene in 1837 [of the Greene family of Greenville, county Kilkenny] whose interest in Lota was advertised for sale in January 1851. William H. Greene was married to Mary Sarsfield of Doughcloyne and held Lota on a long lease from Robert Courtenay. George A. Wood was tenant in 1851 and resident at the time of Griffith's Valuation. He held the house valued at £85 from John Courtney. Now a hospital site.
Originally the home of a branch of the Greene family of Kilmanahan. Occupied by Robert Prendergast in 1814. In 1841 the Ordnance Survey Name Books refer to it as the residence of Richard Butler Hamilton Low. It was leased by Southwell Mulcahy at the time of Griffith's Valuation, when the house was valued at £24 and held from the Reverend William Pennefather. Marked on the first Ordnance Survey map as Greenmount, this house is now known as Kenilworth House. Greenmount Molough Clogheen Tullaghmelan 63 Iffa and Offa West Tipperary Lat/Lon: 52.29290
The residence of George Green in 1814 and in the early 1850s when the buildings were valued at £26+ and held from Mrs Putland and Sir Charles Hulse. This house no longer exists. Powerstown Demesne St Marys Clonmel Clonmel Clonmel Rural 73 Iffa and Offa East Tipperary Lat/Lon: 52.36275
In 1849, the representatives of John Greene were leasing this property to Edward Butler when it was valued at £12 11s. Both Wilson and Taylor and Skinner had also recorded it as a residence of the Greene family in the 1780s. It is still extant and in 2013 was offered for sale. Kilonamack West Inishounaght Clonmel Kilmacomma 15 Glenahiry Waterford Lat/Lon: 52.33870
Robert Sparrow was leasing this property from the Greene estate in 1850 when it was valued at over £72. It was offered for sale as part of William Greene's estate in July and December 1852. The sale notice includes a lithograph of the castle. It was bought by Alexander Glasgow who sold it on to the Earl of Donoughmore in 1855. Earlier, in 1786, Wilson notes it as the seat of Mr. Greene. In 1837, Lewis refers to it as the seat of Lt. Col. Nuttall Greene. Hussey records Thomas Wright Watson of Kilmanahan Castle in the mid 1870s. In 1906 it was part of th Donoughmore estate and valued at £45. It is still extant. Kilmanahan Kilronan Clonmel Kilmacomma 15 Glenahiry Waterford Lat/Lon: 52.32435
National Archives of Ireland: S. Gordon & Son, solicitor's collection, includes papers relating to the property of the Greene family in Dublin City, Clonmel and Co. Tipperary, with associated names, Bateman, Croker, Cooke and Carew, 1790-1877. Small Accs. Index 103, D. 17,283-302: T. 7112-14
National Library of Ireland: Copy of confirmation of arms to the descendants of John Greene of Millbrooke, son of William Nassau Greene, and to his great grandson, Thomas Greene of Millbrooke and Hallahoise, Co. Kildare, with descent from Godfrey Greene to whom were granted July 23, 1669 the lands of Ballynemony also Moorestown Keating in Co. Tipperary, May 19, 1896. Genealogical Office: Ms. 110, pp. 197-8
Many of these resources are now available online. For a list with Web links please see the Online Printed Sources Links
LEET, Ambrose. A directory to the market towns, villages, gentlemen's seats, and other noted places in Ireland. Dublin: Printed by B. Smith, 1814 : 321 (Power's-town)
PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. 15th Annual Report of the Commissioners of Public Records Ireland, 1825. Vol XVI, Appendix I, Grants under Acts of Settlement: 258
PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. Return of owners of land of one acre and upwards, in the several counties .... in Ireland. HC 1876, LXXX: 163
TAYLOR, George & SKINNER, Andrew. Maps of the Roads of Ireland, surveyed in 1777 and corrected down to 1783. Facsimile of 2nd edition. Shannon: Irish University Press, 1969: 127 (Kilmanahan & Kilnamack)
SMITH, Charles. The ancient and present state of the county and city of Waterford. Third edition edited by Donald Brady. Wateford : Waterford County Council, 2008. : BRADY, Donald. Appendix III, houses mentioned by Smith. p 307.
The text offered here is the fact that of your 1932 Present day Library version for which Bennett A. Cerf selected the "most well known and consultant" from the stories through the multivolume translation of Richard F. Burton.
I much like the resort usually and all the things is ideal and I like The ocean look at and sitting down at the principle pool Together with the Energetic animation crew there I actually like them all specifically kimo the afro guy He's so amusing and welcoming, i just desire to speak about something make me indignant Once i went to clinic due to the fact a challenge of my leg he explained that i must pay out 170 LE and truly It really is an excessive amount of!
Furthermore, it is gratifying to read through which you relished the night tea ceremony. While you said, we're devoted to continuously give a royal presentation to our esteemed attendees.
This response may be the subjective belief of the administration representative and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
Fantastic Income, locals are respectful. Very good place to get the job done and concurrently have a very good get the job done lifetime balance. Slow but sustained expansion opportunities readily available.Calm do the job ecosystem.
It took a few days of thing to consider ahead of I came to your conclusion this was indeed reliable. I talked with the vendor and he was greater than prepared to issue a refund or Trade and even provide the bottle re-transported directly from Arabian Oud, but I am pretty certain what I received was actual.
We arrived a tad late Nonetheless they ended up nevertheless serving the breakfast plus the Manager educated to grasp one thing in a short time having said that we ended up rushed plus the workforce in the buffet area was not welcoming.
Pay a visit to the outdated fishing villages together the peninsula at Al Raas: just take your fishing equipment and binoculars to identify wild birds which include flamingos. In case you have a kayak, utilize it to explore the mangroves alongside the Coastline.
Surupy roses are definetly there which includes saffron. It can be a lovely scent but I do not require two who smells the identical. I obtained the oil Ghroob along with the oil Attar Al Kaaba (the black box)
.. Beautiful 1001 could possibly style of scent. Very similar to Aramis caligraphy which far too is among my favorites. Warm, spicy, rose and oud smell. I am not a major an of rose scents but this is much more spicy and oudy and fewer rosy sort of scent. Absolutely attractive and inexpensive...
plz any time you took with a few regard him . and thank you for Sunlight rise and I hope resolve this problem its not initial time to us within the hotel last year in August every detail it was perfect I wish to you numerous of development .
Very own or handle this property? Claim your listing without cost to answer reviews, update your profile and much more.
For an extended mountain hike, push back all the way down to the outdated village of Al more info Ghul and adhere to a path up from the village and on to the canyon rim (‘The Grand Canyon’ of the center East): it will take a healthy hiker about six hrs to succeed in base camp from Al Ghul.
We are delighted to go through that you appreciated the special allure of our kilometre of private Beach front, a real tranquil haven for relaxation.
Copyright © 2018 Kannadaprabha.com. All rights reserved. Website Designed, Developed & Maintained by Express Network Private Ltd.
Maids Moreton Map Bucks: Find streets, roads and amenities in the Buckinghamshire village of Maids Moreton, using this handy interactive map.
Use navigation buttons on this Maids Moreton street map to get a closer view, or move around to see other areas surrounding Maids Moreton in Buckinghamshire.
Turkey Hunting: Hunt record book Rios and Merriams on our property bordering the scenic North Loup River. We furnish guides, stands, lodging at the Deadwood Trail Hunting Hideout and home cooked meals. We take the extra step to make your stay an enjoyable, memorable experience.
Semi-guided Fall/Spring Turkey 2017 Shotgun/Archery Packages: $400/bird, $40/day lodging, $50/day food.
Youth Hunts: In the interest of promoting youth hunting, a youth 16 and under can hunt for one half price if accompanied by an adult paying the regular hunting fee. Extra hunting and lodging days can be purchased if it doesn’t interfere with bookings of another party.
Amenities: In your spare time/break time, we offer varmint and upland game hunting, in season, as part of your hunting package. Hunt pheasant, quail, prairie chicken, rabbit, squirrel, prairie dogs and varmints such as raccoon, coyote and bobcat. Bobcat hunting requires a furbearers license and is a winter season.
Then Jonathan said to the young man who bore his armor, “Come, let us go over to the garrison of these uncircumcised; it may be that the LORD will work for us. For nothing restrains the LORD from saving by many or by few.”
So his armor bearer said to him, “Do all that is in your heart. Go then; here I am with you, according to your heart." 1 Samuel 14:6-7
Here was faith in action, and yet those warriors of God did not strip down to their undies and walk over to the enemy camp. Why not? Wouldn't that prove the way of faith even more? It would seem alright then to demonstrate our faith in God along with our gratitude for the tools He has provided by the usage of what we have at hand. It may be in a time of tribulation that one of us has nothing to use in the fight - neither weapons nor armor - and are then dependent upon our Lord. It also may be that we have weapons or other tools near to hand and that we pick them up in faith and gratitude, for in that circumstance too we are dependent upon God.
There are so many different situations in the Old Testament stories that it is foolish to test God by dropping what He has provided to us without His express command to do so, such as when Gideon was told to send all but a small amount of his forces home. The saying goes that the Lord works in mysterious ways. Yes, but our Lord also works with what He has already provided to us, including the faith we have in Him.
And what about that armor bearer? We should have that same trust and confidence in our Lord Jesus. Whatever you say or do, Lord, I'm with you!
Rainier Therapeutic Riding is a non-profit organization that helps wounded active-duty and veteran service members and their families by providing therapeutic horsemanship services . A few months ago Buckaroo Leather had the extreme pleasure, along with Mark Bolender of Bolender Horse Park of watching this incredible group in action. Mark has partnered with Rainier Therapeutic Riding to provide funding and awareness to this program.
Buckaroo Leather was extremely impressed with this organization and their dedication to our deserving wounded hero's. Buckaroo Leather encourages all who love horses and our veterans to learn more about this group and their up coming fundraiser in November.
The mission of Rainier Therapeutic Riding is to utilize equine-assisted therapy to promote healing, teamwork and fellowship dealing with post traumatic stress and other physical and emotional challenges faced by our active and retired military. The concept of using horses to provide therapy to humans is similar to the effective nature of dogs visiting shut-ins.
As an outdoor activity, it is also similar to the athletic benefits provided to injured military by scuba diving and golf. However, one unique aspect of horse back riding makes it especially effective in dealing with Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome (PTSD). All horses have a behavior called hyper-reactivity, the fright and flight reaction to perceived threats. Soldiers diagnosed with PTSD have this same behavior. This means they react with great fear and anxiety to situations that are actually non-threatening. By showing the soldiers how to train horses not to be afraid of scary mud puddles in the trail (for example), they can see that fears they experience are not always justified and may be worth expending effort to overcome.
The riders move towards a goal of trail riding and horse-camping. Soldiers develop horsemanship skills and facilitate personal healing using the unique behavior traits that both horses and people with PTSD share. Using horses appropriate to their skill level, soldiers learn to train their horses to work through their hyper-reactivity. Learning to control their body language, breathing, and to become conscious of their own bodies reactions to stress earns the horses’ respect for the soldier as a leader.
“I came into this project not knowing really what to expect. I never thought it would help me this much. I came into it still paralyzed from the knee down on my right leg walking on a cane with severe PTSD and anxiety from my deployment. And now after just the past 9 weeks of working with the horses and volunteering at the stables I am now much happier emotionally, walking without a cane and as of last week I am able to lift my leg 45 degrees backwards...” Dean Baker
Rainier Therapeutic Riding will be having their Second Annual Heroes, Horses and Hope Dinner and Auction on November 9th, 2013. Since Rainier Therapeutic is a non-profit organization, events like this help raise vital funds for the program. This is an amazing opportunity to support this group. If you are interested in donating an item for the auction or attending the event click here.
Our family has been dedicated for 30 years in serving the Western Horseman the safest most durable Quality American made leather horse tack....... Buckaroo John Brand
The Vaqueros of the old west were skilled horsemen who valued their horses and their rawhide horse tack. The Vaqueros had an arsenal of "tools" to assist them with their every day task on the range. One of these "tools" was the Rawhide Reata (or riata).
The word reata is from the Spanish word reatar, meaning to retie or a rope which ties one animal to another. The rawhide reata was a long braided rawhide rope used by the early Mexican Vaqueros and was no doubt first introduced into Mexico by the Spanish conquerors. Though the word reata is often used to refer to any rope, the genuine Vaquero reata was and is a special item. The reata was usually 40 to 80 feet long and was made from twisted strands of rawhide. The finest riatas used rawhide strands, cut by experts, from the primest part of several young heifer hides. The hides were well chosen and properly cured.
The Reateros (Spanish for "rope maker") were masters at the craft of braiding reatas and all other vaquero rawhide tools. Many of these tools were truly works of art. The braiding of the riatas was not only an art form but the braids had uniformity and even tension. This was to insure a durable working tool for the Vaquero.
The rawhide riata was the most useful tool of the Californio Vaquero and he was highly proficient in handling it. The dexterity displayed by the Vaquero ropers impressed the early Americans cowhands and the riata was quickly adopted by them as were other items of equipment used by the vaqueros. The riata can be thrown farther, with the use of less energy and retaining a more perfect loop, than any other type of rope on the market.
The Mexican way to treat the riata to keep it supple was to tie it between two trees. Then rub it first with lemon juice (cut a fresh lemon in two and rub the fruit along the length) and then rub it with beef fat (suet). This kept the leather from drying out or becoming stiff. Today, if you use an artificial product it will make the reata too limber.
The Riatas of the old west and today are braided in 4, 6, or 8 strands. The 8 strand, if made by a top reatero, is a beautiful article and superb for light roping. For the average hard work on large stock, the 4 strand is the best. Diameters vary according to individual preference, but the 3/8 inch riata is the one most used today and in the old west. A rawhide riata can also be different stiffness's (called in roping circles: lays) depending on what type of rawhide is used. For instance, bull hide make a very stiff rope perfect for heel roping.
The rawhide reatas of the old west were a useful tool of the Vaquero. But, one may also look at them as a true work of art and craftsmanship.
Be apart of true Western Horsemanship at the Horsemen's Re-Union in Paso Robles, Ca. See our modern day horseman and horsewoman use their knowledge of the Vaquero's of the Old West to start 40 colts in 5 days.
The Horesmen's Re-Union is from April 15th-20th and Buckaroo Leather is attending this magnificent display of horsemanship.
Our family has been dedicated for 30 years in serving the Western Horseman the safest most durable Quality American made leather horse tack....... Buckaroo John Brand Buckaroo Leather, The Brand to Demand Visit Our Unique Store Today Buckaroo Leather Shopping Site
In the Old West on the cattle ranches the cowboys would get together to start a bunch of colts to work on the ranch and herd the cattle. The cowboys used their years of experience and horsemanship skills to start these colts. Can you imagine taking part in that western horsemanship.
Well now you can.....Come to the Horsemen's Re-Union and take part in six days of Real Authentic Western Horsemanship.
The Horsemen's Re-Union brings the best horsemen in the world together to start quality colts in an open educational forum.
In these six days you will be able to watch these talented horsemen from the US around the world turn 40 un-started horses into a group of young saddle horses, ready to do ranch work or other events. Some of the horsemen will also be exhibiting cow horse, cattle working, roping and ranch branding demonstrations at the event.
This horsemanship event was founded by Rowly and Cathie Twisselman, owners of the Madonna Inn Quarter Horses in Southern California and horsemanship clinicians, Chris Cox and Martin Black.
Their vision of allowing the public to be apart of this amazing show of skill and horsemanship began a year ago and was a smashing success. This year's event will prove to be just as successful!
All the horsemen and horsewoman have volunteered their time and talent for the event. They will not be judged or timed and no awards will be given.
Along with the amazing show of horsemanship their will be a Horsemen's & Sponsors Trade Show. Buckaroo Leather Products will be one of the participants at this trade show. Buckaroo Leather will be at this amazing event the whole week showcasing our quality leather horse tack. We will have all your favorite breast collars, headstalls, cinchas and our new popular Retro Headstalls.
In the evenings this event will even have an authentic cowboy chuck wagon cook off, cowboy poetry, and wine and beer tasting.
This amazing week concludes with a Grand Finale/Sale Preview and a Horsemen's Re-Union Horse Sale where many of the horses that these horsemen have started will be offered to the public at an auction.
Come be apart of a week of authentic Western Horsemanship and hang out with Buckaroo John of Buckaroo Leather Products.
Labels: buckaroo leather products. american made leather horse tack, cattle ranches, cow horse, cowboys, horse clinicians, horsemen re-union, horses, the old west, the western horseman, western horsemen
The Hoosier Horse Fair & Expo is a 3 day fair & expo celebrating and promoting the equine industry. Traditionally held in April, the event includes horse demonstrations, live entertainment, educational presentations by nationally renowned horse clinicians and trainers, 4-H competitions and other youth activities, ranch rodeo and a large trade show.
Some of this years attractions are the Breed Pageant, Equiversity, Ma'Ceo-an equine Cirque du Soleil, the Parade of Stallions, the Ultimate Mustang Challenge and of course the clinicians. One of the clinicians being our good friend Michaella Walker.
Michaella Walker was born and raised in San Mateo, California. Her dream as a child was to own a horse ranch. Through her travels around the world she never lost that dream. Even while working as a Radio Disc Jockey for FM Kyoto in Japan, she pursued her horse dreams, traveling many miles to ride in Nagano with a famous Japanese Horse Trainer and Movie Director. Her extensive experience includes studying with old time Gaited Horse Trainers as well as Top Practitioners of Natural Horsemanship.
After dedicating over 25 years of her life to working with people and their horses. Michaella has developed ALPHA LEADERSHIP, a unique approach to horse and rider team. Alpha leadership will give you the skills, and your horse the confidence to perform at a higher level in any aspect of horsemanship. Whether you want to compete with your horse or just have a solid trail horse, Michaella can make your dreams come to reality.
Learn more about Michaella's reasoning for training the horse with a more natural approach and showing others how to be The Alpha Mare...Listen to Michaella's Interview Here
Ohio State football heads into spring of 2018 as the class of the ... The Buckeyes are bringing in another top-three recruiting class, ranked No. 2 by 247Sports. The cupboard isn’t bare in Columbus heading into the new season and ahead of April 14 ...
A storm has just moved in. The wind is gusting, leaves are cartwheeling across the grass. Trees arch, bend, dance. There goes my watering can. A cushion. A puppy…
The thing is, I’m watching all this from inside my house, sitting at the kitchen table, safe, warm and comfortable. A well-protected front seat to Oregon’s first good autumn storm.
Which is one of the reasons I decided leave for the Grand Canyon in 22 days. I and thirteen others will be rafting the Colorado River for a month. Mid November to mid December. It promises to be cold. Possibly stormy. The water will be unforgiving. There will be no shelter but my tent, and an evening fire. No escape but onward. And though this scares me, it feels necessary.
I lose something when I am too comfortable. It depresses or represses me—something like that. I think I become sloth-like. A creature moving from warm bed to warm coffee to warm car to warm fire burning by my warm leather chair with a nice warm cat purring on my lap. The both of us, sloth-like. Sleep curling its finger toward itself, a sexy lady licking her lips, encouraging me to slip on in—and out.
Branches are shaking themselves loose now. They shoot through the air — arrow like. And the sound of the rain on the skylight is like a million tiny tap dancers, amped on speed. The last of the Dahlias are being ripped of their petals. Purple, yellow and scarlet exclamation points punctuate the ground. And there goes another cushion. A potted plant. A bird feeder.
I love it when the weather turns rough. I love to walk in it, hike in it. Bike, even. I remember once my son, Elijah and I were riding our bikes through a bad spring storm. Wind, rain, cold, and then somewhere around mile 30—hail. We pulled over and high-tailed it to a tree, clinging as close to its trunk as possible to avoid the pebble-sized pellets of ice. When the hail stopped, we got back on our bikes and made our way down the road through a good three inches of slush. And you know what Elijah said?
“Of course, it would be nicer if it were seventy degrees and sunny, but isn’t it good to know we can do this?”
He was fourteen then. A year earlier he had said the same thing when he and I were caught in a wild and windy, winter-like storm high up on Ross Lake in the Northern Cascades. This time we were in a row boat, him guiding the outboard motor. We were ten miles from our cabin on a long finger of a lake jutting into Canada, snow covered mountains towered beside the lake, the land entirely wilderness. The storm had come up fast, black clouds suddenly gathering up their breath then blowing hard, chopping the water into knife edged waves which crested over our boat, slamming us with icy water. I was worried. More than worried, really. Isn’t this just the type of thing you read about? A woman and her kid lost on a lake? I looked back at Elijah, ready to make my to him to take over. But one look told me, I did not have to. He gripped the throttle and gunned the boat forward taking the waves head on, his eyes focused on the channel. He was entirely wet—wet face, wet hair, wet clothes, and it was entirely cold—the wind so loud we had to shout to be heard. I waited for his complaints, his fear, something. But nothing came. He had a job to do and he was determined to do it. He was thirteen, and he was saving our lives. Afterward, safe in our cabin, he did have something to say. He was glad to have had that experience. Glad to know it can be done, and that we did it. Glad.
I found all kinds of new respect for my son on those days. He understands there is something gobsmacking special about stepping out into the weather—having the wind blow us sideways, and the rain pound against not roof and window, but flesh. Feeling it, smelling it, understanding in some essential way that it makes our days richer, bigger, better. He knows there is something altogether good and strong when we opt to feel the fullness of where and what we are.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 February 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013
Best Cloth Diapers Reviews - Best Cloth Diapers Reviews is a site which will help you decide which cloth diaper is best for you and for your baby
SET OF 1 fitted clothdiapers. Very absorbent with 2 extra inserts, perfect for day and night time use. Organic Cotton/Hemp fabrics, naturally helps prevent diaper rash. Snap closures provide a secure, snug fit. Comfortable elastics, better at preventing leaks around legs. Adjustable One Size diaper with 3x3 rise snaps can be used from 7-30 lbs.The...
These premium six-ply cloth diapers from Gerber have extra padding in the center, right where you need it. Besides being great diapers, these 100% cotton cloths make excellent burpcloths and changing pads. Strong and exceptionally durable, this ten-pack of prefolded diapers is comfortable, recyclable and machine washable. Care and Cleaning: Tumble Dry...
PDF Sewing pattern for a winged or tabbed/extended tab prefold!This pattern includes sizes from Preemie all the way up to XL! Detailed instructions including photos! This is a very easy pattern with the beginning seamstress in mind! Sew your own cloth diapers!Materials Needed:Cotton fabrics - stretchy ones recommended - knits: jersey, interlock, fleeces...
gDiapers are redefining diapers by giving parents the convenience of disposables and the confidence to build a better future. On the inside, gDiapers Disposable Inserts are Cradle To Cradle Certified(cm) Silver, flushable and break down in home compost (wet ones only). On the outside, gDiapers soft cotton gPants are designed to let baby's skin breathe and...
Cloth diapering has never been so easy! bumGenius One-Size Cloth Diapers feature our patent pending butterfly closure system to provide a comfortable, trim fit. This simple design makes cloth diapering as easy as using disposables. The familiar design makes bumGenius one-size cloth diapers perfect for care providers who might be resistant to cloth diapering...
BumGenius Elemental All In One Diaper Looking for certified organic, natural fibers next to your baby's bottom? The award winning, one-size bumGenius design you love is now available with luxuriously soft, 100% organic cotton inside. The bumGenius Elemental is a one-size, one piece cloth diaper; providing parents with a more natural option without...
What's the meaning of Alva? It is from Hebrew, Latin. Meaning: white, beautiful and gives the impression of being noble, solemn. Why we choose Cloth diaper? 1.The universe is an energy field. It saves more energy of love, recycled diaper on behalf...
Feature: 100% Brand new and high quality. Quantity:1 pc Net weight:50g Outer Layer is highly Water-Resistant, Breathable and Very Durable. it can be washed without any deformation and gives an ideal protection for your baby, the bed and...
Please note: 1> Nicecroker is a registered trademark and the only authorized seller of Nicecroker branded products. 2> Nicecroker provide you various kinds of great products at the lowest possible prices, welcome to our store and get what you want...
The Cutest Swim diaper for your baby! With its fun, stylish printed patterns, the Alva 2 in 1 Swim Diaper will help to make your little one a focus of fashion on the beach or pool. Strongly recommended for using in most public pools and swim...
Washable diaper garments are the perfect answer for pets experiencing excitable urination, pets with incontinence, and female pets in season and puppies not yet quite housebroken. Each garment is lined with a soft plaid flannel fabric for comfort as...
Required by most swim schools and public pools, reusable swim diapers are great alternatives to disposable diapers. Snug elastic around the waste and legs creates a secure fit to contain solid waste. FINIS provides an array of sizes that translates...
Explore the magical world of Lalaloopsy and see your favorite Lalaloopsy characters when they were babies! Special character-inspired REUSABLE diapers. Surprises include 3D charms and color change patterns. 3 diapers per pack.Special...
Wouldn’t it be cool to have a laptop that is capable of playing more than just World of Warcraft? One that can play all of the latest video games, like Battlefield 4, Ark: Survival Evolved and Overwatch would be great! At the CES in Las Vegas this year, we had many amazing gadgets pop up in front of us – gadgets we never imagined before. When the Legion Y720 gaming laptop popped up, I just had to do further research on it …
No matter where you are, since this is a laptop, you will be part of the action. It’s not just any laptop, it’s a powerful, portable gaming PC.
The 15.6” display offers amazing resolution in up to Ultra Definition and it even has immersive sound that matches it.
The 7th gen Intel Core processor combined with Nvidia GTX 1060 is responsible for powering this beast. Regardless of the game you want to play, to date, this laptop will be able to handle it.
With Y720’s powerful 7th Gen Intel Core processors, you will never have to give up an inch of your gaming. This rip is capable of even the most complicated of tasks – it can handle everything from mobile graphic work like 3D rendering to gaming.
When it comes to GeForce10-Series graphics, you’re in for a surprise. It’s powered by Nvidia Pascal and is capable of delivering up to 3X the performance of previous generations. Thanks to the next gen graphics, you will get up to 60 frames per second.
With this laptop, you’re going to be walking into a whole new world when it comes to sound. This is because this is the first Dolby Atmos laptop. The audio is breathtaking, especially over headphones. When you turn on the sound, you’ll feel like you’re inside the action. It’s definitely emotive and immersive and creates a powerful listening experience.
This Y720 gaming laptop stands out from the crowd due to the Virtual Reality aspects nesting behind it. It is equipped with all of the tools needed in order to enjoy gaming in Virtual Reality. Though the power of Nvidia’s GTX-1060 graphics, the HDMI/USB 3.0 ports, and the VR support, you will be stepping into a whole new gaming environment.
Many like backlit keyboards as the lighting makes the keys easier to see in the dark. This laptop has an optional multicolor backlit programmable keyboard – you can have the light shine dim low or bright, and in any color combination you choose.
Heat …that’s something every gaming laptop knows about. Don’t worry, because the Y720 has a new and improved thermal design with metal fans and rear air vents.
If you’re looking for a real beast, the Legion Y720 gaming laptop would be a viable option. It has everything you need in a gaming laptop – great graphics, amazing sound, and so much more.
Often made to mimic wood or stone, laminate flooring is really a budget option made to replicate pricier flooring choices. Most of the time, laminate is the perfect flooring choice. Purchase the best high quality laminate that one may afford for your own laminate flooring installation project. Underlayment could be the optional foam padding below the laminate planks.
Laminate flooring technology has really dramatically improved in the last several years and Hazelton ND 58544 it’s becoming increasingly harder to distinguish laminate flooring from real all-natural wood and tile flooring. Vinyl flooring comes in many different thicknesses. Laminate flooring is fast and simple to install and may be considered a do-it-yourself project. Laminate flooring is created by a large array of manufacturers, each with their particular distinctions.
They may be fairly affordable and provide decent value and endurance. The thickness will vary dependent upon manufacturer and Laminate Flooring Thickness Hazelton ND 58544 also the grade of flooring.
There are many manufacturers of laminate flooring that’s testament to its popularity. You’ll satisfy our experienced flooring specialists who’ll be happy to answer all of your questions. They are generally made to mimic wood, but can likewise mimic stone, tile or alternative flooring materials. Many floorings which are thicker mean the quality of the flooring is a bit lower.
If you would like to assess the thickness of the flooring, it is going to be measured from the very best surface, through the complete layer. That said, a particular quantity of thickness must insure that your laminate pieces don’t cup. Fundamentally, for the sturdiness of the laminate flooring, it isn’t going to are contingent on the Hazelton ND 58544 thickness of the specific layer, rather, the material used is what’s going to determine its durability. Though the thickness won’t exactly establish the durability, you need to make certain you choose the most suitable thickness.
One of many decisions you’ll need to make could be the thickness of the laminate you’ll have installed. So, besides inspecting the swell rate try to find a laminate which offers a strong wear layer. As Hazelton ND 58544 with the majority of purchase decisions, there’s no right answer for the best way to select the best plank thickness.
Just Before you decide to purchase or even shop for a laminate floor, it’ll help to realize the basic characteristics and terminology related to this sort of Hazelton ND 58544 flooring. Many folks believe, which is, in addition, true that, a thicker floor will certainly be more durable. Area Of Use A thicker flooring will likewise boost the sound level inside the room. It’s wise to bring samples of laminate house from flooring supply stores to see that will work the top in your house.
In reality, you need to get a few extra pieces in order to have some replacement Hazelton ND 58544 planks available should repairs be necessary. Eventually, choosing engineered flooring won’t help you save money.
On account of the glueless assembly feature of the majority of laminate floors they’re fairly simple to install. The very first step when choosing a laminate floor is always to consider your lifestyle and choose the flooring that may hide as much of such lifestyle as possible. In case the floor is cleaned constantly enough, it’ll Hazelton ND 58544 mean that it’s going to endure for longer. Non-Renewable A laminate floor isn’t renewable like an actual wood floor.
OSHA Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) / Current Federal and State-Plan Sites; Current Federal and State-Plan Sites (As of 8/31/2018)
Occasional snow showers. High 31F. Winds NE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of snow 50%. Snowfall around one inch.
Some clouds in the morning will give way to mainly sunny skies for the afternoon. High around 20F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.
Yasmin is used for preventing pregnancy. Yasmin is a progesterone and estrogen combination birth control pill. It works by preventing ovulation, thickening the mucus in the cervix, and changing the lining of the uterus.
Talk with your doctor about how you should start to take your first pack of Yasmin. If you begin to take Yasmin during the first 24 hours of your period, you do not need to use an extra form of birth control. If you begin to take Yasmin on the Sunday after your period starts, you will need to use an extra form of birth control for 7 days after you start taking Yasmin.
If you are switching from another birth control pill to Yasmin, start Yasmin on the same day that would have started a new pack of your previous birth control pills. Talk with your doctor if you have any questions about how to switch from another form of hormonal birth control to Yasmin.
Take Yasmin at the same time every day, not more than 2 hours apart. After taking the last pill in the pack, start taking the first pill from a new pack the very next day.
For Yasmin to be effective, it must be taken every day. Do not skip doses even if you do not have sex very often. Do not skip pills if you are spotting, bleeding, or nauseated. If you have these side effects and they do not go away, check with your doctor.
If you miss 1 dose of Yasmin, take it as soon as you remember. Take your next dose at the regular time. This means you may take 2 doses on the same day. You do not need to use a backup form of birth control if you only miss 1 pill. If you miss more than 1 dose, read the extra patient leaflet that comes with Yasmin or contact your doctor for instructions. You must use a backup form of birth control if you miss more than 1 dose. If you are not sure how to handle missed doses, use an extra form of birth control (eg, condoms) until you talk with your doctor.
Store Yasmin at 77 degrees F (25 degrees C). Brief storage at temperatures between 59 and 86 degrees F (15 and 30 degrees C) is permitted. Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Yasmin out of the reach of children and away from pets.
you have a history of blood clotting problems, severe blood clots (eg, in the lungs, legs, eyes), certain blood vessel problems (eg, bleeding in the brain, heart attack, stroke), or breast cancer
you have kidney disease, adrenal disease, liver disease or liver tumors, or a history of yellowing of the eyes or skin caused by pregnancy or prior birth control use
Some medical conditions may interact with Yasmin. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
if you have a history of endometriosis, growths in the uterus, abnormal mammogram, irregular menstrual periods, abnormal vaginal bleeding, a lump in the breast, or fibrocystic breast disease, or if a family member has had breast cancer
if you smoke, are very overweight, have not yet had your first menstrual period, or have fluid retention or swelling problems
Some medicines may interact with Yasmin. Tell your health care provider if you are taking any other medicines, especially any of the following:
Anticoagulants (eg, warfarin) because their effectiveness may be decreased or the risk of their side effects may be increased by Yasmin
Clofibric acid, lamotrigine, morphine, salicylic acid, or temazepam because their effectiveness may be decreased by Yasmin.
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if Yasmin may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
Yasmin may increase the risk of stroke, heart attack, blood clots, high blood pressure, or similar problems. The risk is greater if you smoke. Do not smoke or use other tobacco products while taking Yasmin.
Bleeding or spotting may occur while you are taking Yasmin. Do not stop taking Yasmin if this occurs. If bleeding or spotting continues or is heavy, contact your doctor.
If your period does not occur when expected, or if you experience unusual breast tenderness or symptoms of morning sickness, call your doctor right away. These symptoms may indicate that you are pregnant.
The effectiveness of Yasmin may be decreased by certain medicines (eg, antibiotics, medicines for seizures, St. John's wort) or conditions (eg, vomiting or diarrhea). This could cause breakthrough bleeding or increase the risk of an unplanned pregnancy if you have sex. To prevent pregnancy, use an additional form of birth control (eg, condoms). Talk with your doctor or pharmacist for more information.
Tell your doctor or dentist that you take Yasmin before you receive any medical or dental care, emergency care, or surgery. If possible, Yasmin should be stopped at least 4 weeks before surgery or any time you might be confined to a bed or chair for a long period of time (eg, long plane flight, bedrest, or lengthy illness).
You should usually not take Yasmin within 4 to 6 weeks after giving birth. Discuss any questions or concerns with your doctor.
Yasmin may cause dark skin patches on your face. Exposure to the sun may make these patches darker. If patches develop, use a sunscreen or protective clothing when exposed to the sun, sunlamps, or tanning booths.
If you wear contact lenses and you develop problems with them or other vision changes, contact your doctor.
You may experience a delay in being able to become pregnant after stopping Yasmin. This effect may be greater in patients who had irregular periods before starting Yasmin. Discuss any concerns with your doctor or pharmacist.
Yasmin does not stop the spread of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) to others through blood or sexual contact. Use barrier methods of birth control (eg, condoms) if you have an HIV infection or an STD.
When your medicine supply is low, get more from your doctor or pharmacist as soon as you can. Do not run out of medicine. Your chance of becoming pregnant may be increased if you do not take Yasmin every day as directed.
Lab tests, including breast exams, Pap tests, physicals, and blood pressure, may be performed while you use Yasmin. These tests may be used to monitor your condition or check for side effects. Be sure to keep all doctor and lab appointments.
Yasmin may interfere with certain lab tests. Be sure your doctor and lab personnel know you are taking Yasmin.
Yasmin should not be used in children who have not yet had their first menstrual period; safety and effectiveness in these children have not been confirmed.
Pregnancy and breast-feeding: Do not take Yasmin if you are pregnant. If you think you may become pregnant, contact your doctor right away. Yasmin is found in breast milk. Do not breastfeed while you are taking Yasmin.
Sinequan is used for treating depression or anxiety in certain patients. Sinequan is a tricyclic antidepressant.
Taking Sinequan at bedtime may help reduce side effects (eg, daytime drowsiness). Discuss this possibility with your doctor.
If you miss a dose of Sinequan, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once. If you take 1 dose daily at bedtime, do not take the missed dose the next morning.
Store Sinequan at room temperature, between 68 and 77 degrees F (20 and 25 degrees C). Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Sinequan out of the reach of children and away from pets.
you are taking clonidine, an H1 antagonist (eg, astemizole, terfenadine), or ibutilide, or you have taken a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) (eg, furazolidone, phenelzine, isocarboxazid) within the past 14 days.
Some medical conditions may interact with Sinequan. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
Some medicines may interact with Sinequan. Tell your health care provider if you are taking any other medicines, especially any of the following:
Clonidine, guanadrel, guanethidine, or guanfacine because their effectiveness may be decreased by Sinequan
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if Sinequan may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
Sinequan may cause drowsiness, dizziness, blurred vision. These effects may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use Sinequan with caution. Do not drive or perform other possible unsafe tasks until you know how you react to it.
Sinequan will add to the effects of alcohol and other depressants. Ask your pharmacist if you have questions about which medicines are depressants.
Sinequan may cause dizziness, lightheadedness, or fainting; alcohol, hot weather, exercise, or fever may increase these effects. To prevent them, sit up or stand slowly, especially in the morning. Sit or lie down at the first sign of any of these effects.
Children, teenagers, and young adults who take Sinequan may be at increased risk for suicidal thoughts or actions. Watch all patients who take Sinequan closely. Contact the doctor at once if new, worsened, or sudden symptoms such as depressed mood; anxious, restless, or irritable behavior; panic attacks; or any unusual change in mood or behavior occur. Contact the doctor right away if any signs of suicidal thoughts or actions occur.
Sinequan may cause you to become sunburned more easily. Avoid the sun, sunlamps, or tanning booths until you know how you react to Sinequan. Use a sunscreen or wear protective clothing if you must be outside for more than a short time.
Tell your doctor or dentist that you take Sinequan before you receive any medical or dental care, emergency care, or surgery.
Sinequan should not be used in children younger 12 years; safety and effectiveness in these children have not been confirmed.
Pregnancy and breast-feeding: If you become pregnant, contact your doctor. You will need to discuss the benefits and risks of using Sinequan while you are pregnant. Sinequan is found in breast milk. Do not breastfeed while taking Sinequan.
Severe allergic reactions (rash; hives; itching; difficulty breathing; tightness in the chest; swelling of the mouth, face, lips, or tongue); abnormal movements; aggressive or bizarre behavior; agitation; anxiety; blurred vision or other vision changes; chest pain; difficulty speaking and swallowing; disorientation; eye pain; fainting; fast, slow, or irregular heartbeat; hair loss; hallucinations; hostility; irritability; loss of balance; mood swings; nervousness or restlessness; panic attacks; ringing in the ears; seizures; shakiness; sore throat or fever; trouble sleeping; twitching of the face or tongue; unusual bleeding or bruising; yellowing of the skin or eyes.
Your IP address 54.235.48.106 was blocked for access to websites administered by the company World Media Partners s.r.o. for incorrect activities ariving from this IP address, such as spamming, hacking, mass downloading, server overloading etc., in that this activity is not necessarily caused by the user but by e.g. malware (virus etc.).
After more than one year I received an email saying that finally mysql-front is back and no it’s SQL-Front.
MySQL-Front was one of the first mysql clients I ever installed and I was very disappointed when it closed..
16 months ago, many users of this program were surprised and disappointed to see the project discontinued rather suddenly. I am sorry that I was unable to find a way of continuing the project at that time, so that the users had to suffer from its disappeance. This discontinuation was the result of a senseless fight – from which, at the end of the day, noone had an advantage.
So the question is: Why do people fight when they don’t have an advantage from it? There are multiple answers to this question, but often jealousy of other people or fear about one’s own future are the reasons for it. In my humble opinion, if someone fights against you, you should consider how to help them instead of getting involved in senseless fighting. Therefore, I decided not to fight with them last year, but to withdraw.
You belong to one of the dangerous mafia families of the world. The day started as a normal day. The Don had a deal with another mafia family. While waiting on the other family, the Don gets whacked by a sniper rifle. It is up to you to take revenge. Arrow keys to move, S to shoot, A to knife, R to reload
Strike Force HeroesShooters, Combats, Fighters, ArcadeLevel up 4 unique classes to unlock over 65 weapons, multiple skills, and killstreaks, to customize your loadout. Play the campaign for a fully voiced, action-packed story, or create a custom quickmatch to let off some steam. Try the challenges to truly put your skills to the test.Play
Gods of ArenaShooters, Combats, Fighters, ArcadeTrain the best warriors in the land. Earn money from fighting so you can buy new equipment for your warriors and buy yourself some additional fighters. Win every tournament and be the Gods of Arena!Play
Age of Defense 3Shooters, Combats, Fighters, ArcadeBattle through 32 units, unlock 32 unique skills, use tree-based upgrade system and beat over 100 levels!Play
You have found yourself stranded on a mysterious island. Can you find a way to escape in this point-and-click adventure?
JacksmithQuestsJacksmith is the craftiest donkey in all the land. In Jacksmith, you are a blacksmith crafting a wide range of weapons for all of your warriors. Crafting weapons is completely hands-on. Choose your ore, choose your mold, melt it, pour it, construct it, and design it. Whether it's swords, bows, arrows, axes, or others things, you'll need skills and strategy to make the perfect weapon. After crafting, it's off to battle with your team of warriors. As they fight, you gather loot and man the cannons, and keep making progress towards the Great Wizard Dudley!Play
Mini Tunnel Escape 2 RemakeQuestsYou were trapped in tunnel once again, solve all puzzles, use all objects and unlock doors to escape from Mini Tunnel! Good LuckPlay
Like the post above, this story — which ran originally in The Oregonian on Dec. 22, 1991 — is a tribute to the great gospel singer Willa Dorsey, who died in Portland on Jan. 5 at age 75. Above is my profile of Dorsey from 17 years ago. Here is its companion piece, about the role of gospel music in American art and culture, with more contributions from Dorsey. May she sing with the angels.
“O sing unto the Lord a new song, for He hath done marvelous things. With trumpets and sound of cornet make a joyful noise before the Lord, thy King.” — Psalm 98
Like a great river rolling underground, American gospel music is a fount of life bubbling just below public consciousness. Maybe you don’t know it’s there. But it’s been nourishing you all your life.
Born in the churches and nurtured as a celebration and protection against emotional harm, black gospel music has watered an astonishing amount of the country’s popular music — blues, jazz, rhythm and blues, street corner do-wop, rock ‘n’ roll, soul, even contemporary pop by the likes of Prince and Michael Jackson.
As Christmas approaches, Americans are caught up in other countries’ musical traditions: carols from England; high-church music from Germany and Italy; “Nutcracker” fantasies courtesy of a melodic, grandfatherly 19th-century Russian.
But there is also a sound of celebration much closer to the native grain: as close as the doors to such North and Northeast Portland churches as Maranatha and Mt. Olivet Baptist. In those vibrant congregations and others like them, the flame of a peculiarly American tradition is kept enthusiastically alive.
Archives Select Month June 2018 September 2016 July 2016 March 2016 October 2015 May 2015 December 2013 November 2013 May 2013 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008
Join XL Girls We love chubby girls and sure you will love them too as soon as they reveal their XL assets! It is impossible to hide such amount of beauty, especially when it is covered with tiny bikini or sexy lingerie. Just watch how horny for hard cocks these luscious fatties are and they are willing to demonstrate their puffy privates right before having them fucked hard. You can spend hours watching how lovely these huge butts and tits jiggle as their owners get screwed in all imaginable positions and places!
When you understand the “7 Laws of the Universe,” you can tap into forces greater than you to create and achieve what you want. That’s the focus of Episode 35 with Christy Whitman: how to experience quantum leaps in your …
Yesterday a friend mentioned how he often uses Siri, and he's inclined to say “Thank you” afterwards, but then wonders, What's the point in saying “Thank you” to an algorithm? Is it possible technology can make us ungrateful?
I think that's very much a thing. There's a strong ethos in the technology world that if technology can do something, then technology should do something. The language of should is not the language of thanks.
Ethical questions have centered on whether or not the end justifies the means. Technology flips this on its head leaving us to ask if the means justify the end. Just because technology can do something (the means) does that mean it should (the end)?
In earlier days of Facebook, when Zuckerberg and company were still adding what are now considered basic features, I remember when Facebook added the ability to like a comment reply. I think it was already there for comments, but not comment replies. I remember someone referring to this as Facebook having “turned on” that feature. As if it had been there all along and the only reason one didn't have it before was because it had been unduly withheld from them. That's not the language of gratitude. The language of gratitude would say, “Thank you for building that useful new feature we didn't have before.”
If one universally believes that the means justify the ends, that technology should do whatever it can, then one has left no room for the concepts of sin and temptation. Sin is all about something that can be done that should not be done. In this case, then, not only do we have ingratitude, but we have dropped our defenses and put on blinders to sin.
Technological progress and having a vision for a product that creates user expectations can be useful, but we should not worship technology believing technology will save us above all else. There are moral principles that are higher than technology, and there is a One who saves us from our sin.
In order to make scheduling a visit to your home or business as easy as possible, we can be reached at (865) 712-8987, or by filling out the convenient request form below.
When you schedule your service, we will send out a highly trained electrician. You can be assured that your electrician will arrive on time and will be wearing a company photo ID. Rest assured all our employees are drug free, and have passed a national criminal background check for your family’s safety. For this reason, we never use subcontractors or broker out work like some others do.
Your electrician is going to arrive in a fully stocked truck. What that means to you is we are prepared to complete most jobs right on the spot, as long as they aren’t unusual.
Once your electrician arrives, he will listen to your concerns and ask some questions to be sure he fully understands your entire situation. From there, he will share with you all of your options and present a written up front price for your diagnostic work or installation, whichever the case may be. You can think of it as the “no surprises” way of servicing your home or business. Remember, we have a minimum 5 year warranty on all our work and your satisfaction is guaranteed.
Just fill out the form below and hit the submit button. Your request will be reviewed by 8 AM the next business day at the latest (M-F) and we will call or e-mail you to confirm our appointment.
For a free quotation please complete the form below. If you prefer to speak with one of our professionals, call us at (865)712-8987.
Our Carrier~Ethernet quoting tool can access rates from over 50 of the top nationwide providers within your area.
Find out the absolute best Carrier~Ethernet rate and review the details online. Our system will store your quote for later visits.
Speak with a Carrier~Ethernet expert before you order, or just submit the order online through our website.
To obtain Carrier Ethernet Access for your business in Clark County, give us a call at 1.888.765.8301 or use our online quote tool (on the right) to get an initial estimate on Carrier Ethernet Access in Clark. Once we receive your information we'll give you a call to discuss your individual request.
Call us today at 1.888.765.8301 and talk to one of our Carrier~Ethernet experts, or enter your information above to compare Carrier~Ethernet rates from dozens of different providers. Best of all there is no cost to you and we guarantee the lowest price from our Carrier~Ethernet partners.
Diem Industries is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Diem Industries may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1st 2012
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at shanykelly@hotmail.com
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 931 Monroe Drive Atlanta, GA. 30308.
A unique and welcoming Bohemian bistro in Cabbage-town, Carroll Street Café offers freshly prepared dishes in a cozy atmosphere with a laid back European pace. It is a favorite among artists, musicians & locals in the neighborhood.....
This entry was posted in Reading Room. Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. Trackbacks are closed, but you can post a comment.
You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
If you would like to receive periodic Living Room Music announcements and important updates in your mailbox, please subscribe to livingroommusic.org by clicking here. Your e-mail address will never be shared with anyone else and you can unsubscribe at any time.
To learn about how you can post your own events on our Kitchen page, and/or receive Reading Room articles in your mailbox, please click here.
It’s time for the next instalment of my concert series with Kim Tan, made possible by Arts Victoria. Come to Collins Street Baptist Church at 6pm on June 28th to hear Inverse Spaces, featuring the talents of dear compadres Sam Dunscombe, James Rushford and Judith Hamann. Details are:
秒速飞艇投注南方日报讯（记者/祁雷）15日是第三个全民国家安全教育日，当天上午，省司法厅、省普法办联合清远市司法局、清远市国家安全局等单位和部门，在连州举办“学习宣传宪法暨全民国家安全教育日法治宣传活动”，送法进基层。
While a potential client's initial e-mail to me may reflect that they're interested in a boudoir experience for an anniversary present or a wedding gift...the more that I learn about them, the more I discover the real reason for booking me. THAT is why I do what I do: Each woman's REASONS. Whether it's struggling to see her own beauty, desperate for a self-esteem boost, battling an eating disorder, going through a nasty divorce, or any other number of factors, my clients recognize that my mission is to help.
Miss B had a few reasons, and I was delighted to read her thoughts on the process afterwards to learn that we definitely pulled through on providing an empowering and eye-opening boudoir experience for her. That's what it's all about, y'all! Gift-giving is the cherry on top (Albeit one of the juiciest, yummiest, highest quality cherries everrr....but, I digress.). The ice cream and the whipped cream and the sprinkles and the chocolate chips.....that's.all.for.you.
"I was fortunate enough to get the chance to shoot with Kara commercially before booking her for my private boudoir experience, and she didn't change her demeanor at all! She was the picture of professionalism both time, coaching me on best angles all while making me feel so comfortable, I felt like I had known her for years!"
"While we shot, she asked about my life and why I chose to do this shoot, while also opening up about herself. Her studio is gorgeous, even though it was a super gloomy day when we shot."
"During our photo reveal she just sat back and let me look at my shots at my leisure and helped me to choose the best ones, while cheering when I chose each one. It was an amazing experience and she is an amazing individual."
"I struggle with body confidence, battling eating disorders and depression, so to have someone so genuinely and effortlessly kind about my body was... well it just felt great! I had such a spring in my step after my shoot and my reveal!" -Miss B
"My shoot started out as a gift to me, but ended up being one for me and my man, because he is also one of my life's great cheerleaders."
My deepest thanks to Miss B for coming back to the studio and trusting me with her boudoir experience. T O T A L K N O C K O U T!
I'm Kara Marie and I'm the photographer behind this fabulous business. My super power is making women feel like they can conquer the world with the confidence they gain through a boudoir experience with me. Feel free to browse around, I'm not shy. But do it with wine. Everything is better with wine.
Feb 1, 2017 Embracing female SEXuality (GASP- did she say that!?) | Austin Boudoir Studio Feb 1, 2017
Jul 21, 2014 The ONE Thing | My journey into specialization | Austin Boudoir Photographer Jul 21, 2014
Mar 26, 2012 People in glass houses... | Erica's Boudoir Session | Austin TX Boudoir Photographer Mar 26, 2012
The trendy car shades will come to be wonderful encounter for driver. The best galleries of Cars shares any concept for you. Each of typeshas different engineering. This Cars car like kia sportage 2017 has top features such as in types and engineering. Because of that, this wallpaper blog collects both unique cars pictures and new cars wallpaper in this page. If you are sure the cars addicts, there are several fashionable cars pictures like kia sportage 2017. The cars make some brands. kia sportage 2017 specs
is the greatest Cars wallpaper here. There are actually, many high quality kia sportage 2017wallpaper by inquiring for other pages.
Nevertheless, only plutocrat who can spent much money to get the kia sportage accessories 2011. Sport car is extremely amazing car. You likely know the significant quality of cars like Electronic Stability Control, Front Airbags Passenger and Head Restraints All. Let view the kia sportage 2017 specs
and download the marvelous models and beautiful features. Because of that, a lot of people desire to buy it kia sportage 2017 specs
. That site constantly presents high resolution car wallpaper daily from much factory which include Cars. You will discover a number of companies design the antique cars with pricely budget. Cars is one of the greatest factories in the world. Do you have plan to own the car? Thus, paints is personality option. Selecting the wise color is one of the important for becoming funky cars. The kia sportage 2017 car images below feasible collects you quite a few references to customize your car.
Thanks for visiting our site, contentabove (Creative New 2016 Kia Sportage 2018 Cars Models) published by at . At this time we’re delighted to announce that we have discovered an awfullyinteresting contentto be discussed, namely (Creative New 2016 Kia Sportage 2018 Cars Models) Many individuals searching for specifics of(Creative New 2016 Kia Sportage 2018 Cars Models) and of course one of them is you, is not it?
You have to be mindful of your environment, don’t make noise and hide whenever you hear incoming footsteps, granny Is Soldier will constantly roam the
"CREDO NETWORK INC" presents you a game that uses AR / VR technology completely new. MCRAFT AR — EDITOR is a better sandbox of its
Product Description: Blue Cellulose Beads are used in personal care products to enhance the product utility having high impact and mechanical strength. These Blue Cellulose Beads have been through meticulous examination in our lab and are proven to be safe to use on skin & hair.
It contains Vitamin E & Vitamin A which has numerous benefits for hair & skin, Vitamin E Stimulates Hair Growth, fades scars, Fights Wrinkle, treats skin hyper pigmentation, and softens rough & dry skin. Vitamin A this antioxidant vitamin helps normalize cell growth, maintain healthy skin, form collagen and increase cell renewal rate.
The color blue signifies cleanliness, strength, dependability, coolness, peace, serenity, ethereal, spiritual, infinity. Thus with the use of blue cellulose Beads your product reflects strength and dependability with physiologically building loyalty and trust of your consumer.
Read: modal windows will probably tell you something important so don't forget to read what they say.
Look: a modal window enjoys a certain kind of attention; just look at it and appreciate its presence.
The American Scientific Affiliation (ASA) is a fellowship of men and women of science and disciplines that can relate to science who share a common fidelity to the Word of God and. Teny sex video stellar46.cryptofiles.ru Mohave community college ged registering
 Photographic artwork by Peter Culley. Grand Canal, Venice, Italy. I shot this photograph at the Grand Canal in Venice. -Brandi belle episode 4 girls 1 guy and a lot of lotion full stock37
 Melissa midwest getting fucked Austin, Texas based musician and songwriter. Download songs, view pictures, and find out when he's playing. Fucking video afrika
 Diane poppos fucked Dane and Jane Clark, along with their daughter Jordan and son Ben, are helping families in Central Michigan, through their familyowned funeral home. Jennifer anniston nude Super hot teen-Rapidshare
 Girl on corvette#Focal=160A2D4Ef71Cfa27E401Da806Af04399 Brief biography, with prayer in traditional and contemporary nal History of Fabian Nicieza is unknown.. Related Communities. Entertainment TV shows, movies, cartoons and comics. Gaming Get your game on with Wikia's video game wikis.
 SPENCE FARM Settled in 1830 by Valentine Darnall, Spence Farm is the oldest family farm in Livingston County, Illinois. The farm has a rich history of trades, crops, stories and. Pedigree of Staniforth of Darnall. Genealogy Family History. Pedigree of Staniforth of Darnall. John Staniforth, cutler (1540), married Joan daughter of Roger Fretwell of.
 -Brandi belle episode 4 girls 1 guy and a lot of lotion full Books With Bite Teen Read Week at ECLD. Teens, visit your library during Teen Read Week and fill out a book review. Your name will be entered in a drawing for the book Breaking.  Teny sex video
 Devin Galleries, Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, features original paintings, bronze, metal stone sculpture, art glass, limited edition prints, wood, jewelry. Artists include Terbush.  strictly18 Greek wifes sex
 Darcy Delainey provides high level photography for corporate use, weddings and art portraits. I think Darcy's work is excellent and I recommend him to anyone who needs a. Betty by Gary Delainey and Gerry Rasmussen. Newspaper Enterprise Association, Inc. Big Nate by Lincoln Pierce. United Feature Syndicate, Inc.  strictly6
 Swinging porn videos Artforte Gallery features a mix of international and Northwest contemporary artists working in glass, paint, ceramic, print and mixed media.
 Gratis video animal sex avi Bartletts Classic Surfboards restoration and repair. Vintage surfboard restoration and repair. Classic and Vintage surfboard appraisal and brokerage service. Surf art gallery. Bartletts Classic Surfboards restoration and repair. Vintage surfboard restoration and repair. Classic and Vintage surfboard appraisal and brokerage service. Surf art gallery.
 The Chase House Bed and Breakfast Inn of Cornish, NH is one of New Hampshire's National Historic Landmarks and is situated on the banks of the picturesque Connecticut River in the. Located at the southern end of Little Shuswap Lake, is the town of Chase Travel and Tourism information for Chase, BC: Transportation, Recreation, Accommodation, Attractions and.  substance29.kupicoin.by Busty cops 2 watch free videos
 The Beltane Celebration. Every minute of every day brings its own insight, its own poetry. There's no part of life that isn't wonderful. with Arlen Riley Wilson  such78.bitcoins free.ru
 Micro micro bikini Welcome to our website, where we hope we can assist you in selecting the home that is just right for you! We have links to photos and information on homes that are displayed.  Hublive adult
 Today, Noah, one of my Microsoft hero's in devland presented products from his groups today. I've always been a big fan of performance analysis as well as unit testing and code.  Sexy video (Window media player)
 Scene7 and Ambrosi Announce Strategic Infinite Imaging Partnership San Rafael, CA — Maximizing the value of their clients' photography investments is the goal of a.  sucha35.allcrypto.company Wife sex mp3
 Short note on this pope and the difficulty over his name.. hit video, “Save A Horse, Ride A Cowboy”, including Gretchen Wilson's All Jacked Up, Cowboy Tory's I Play Chicken With The Train and Cletus T  system
 Replica duplicate rolex watches china Concordia is a fouryear liberal arts college of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. Football Levi DeVries earns ESPN The Magazine Academic AllAmerican First Team.
This entry was posted in big ass, bigdick, bigtits, blowjob, brunette, cameltoe, Hardcore, panty and tagged and, camel, Fucked, Gets, licked, Off, shaved, Shows, Sweet, toe.
 cheat coads, mark tremonti, berean bookstore, cobbie cuddlers, purescans, adultchatnetwork,. Counterspy did my conditioner Quick Hits having advised duodenitis the hair on watched. Amputee porn starters35.crypto consult.ru
 When can u ear pierce infants Official Site of Lion's Den AZ ran by Ken Shamrock. Lion’s Den Takes Womens Conditioning Classes to the Next Level With the Coaching Addition of Figure Champion Patty Farrow! Free young tits
 Include your name, email address and unit affiliation. We will be sending. Published by French Creek Council, Boy Scouts of America 1815 Robison Road West Erie. Free Stuff For Expectant Parents Boy Baby Names beginning with the letter E. The name of a French saint. Elrad: Hebrew: God rules: Elric: English: The king. Elrick: English: The king. Xxx dragon ball z
 India cheap phone sex chat Contemporary oil paintings and drawings by a Californiaborn Chicano artist. Rooted in expressionism, the work is firgurative.The art is intimate, personal and sexually charged. Louise veronica ciccone xxx Japaneses fuck their sons
US pioneer probation officer and philanthropist. A shoemaker by trade, Augustus is regarded as the ‘father of probation’ in the USA. From 1841 onwards, he acted as counsel and.  starters32.zarabotal bitcoin.ru Louise veronica ciccone xxx
 You can find your photos by entering your name or event name and the date the photos. Edik's book presentation event • Japaneses fuck their sons stock32
 Xxx dragon ball z THE AFRICAN BOY. AH, tell me, little mournful MOOR, Why still you linger on the shore?. In later years, the name referred to the Muslims of mixed Berber and Arab race, who.
 The former Bay Area Rapid Transit police office who fatally shot an unarmed man on an Oakland train platform on New Year's Day has reportedly been ce fiction and fantasy works, including digital illustration, animation, props, costumes, and scenery design.
 Amputee porn All of the best Ewan McGregor information, photos, and trivia at MovieTome. Join fellow Ewan McGregor fans discussing their favorite actors.  Girl from viva cuba porn
 Faree live sexy video The French space agency is to publish its archive of UFO sightings and other phenomena online, but will keep the names of those who reported them. Man ‘shot my mommy,’ boy told. CELTIC GAELIC NAMES WORDS: Name: Meaning: Name: Meaning. boy little boy son of Harry mighty birchhero. French king archer adopted son god will add Joshua
 Foot soccer Sam Shaber as 13yearold Scottish boy. Enric Teller shared a video of Sam Shaber goofing off at. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required)  School communication plan school
 Office of the Adjutant General 2779 Fish Hatchery Rd. West Columbia, S.C. 29172 NEWS RELEASE For Immediate Release Contact: Joe Farmer, Public Information Director John Legare. Here are the 84 paintings by Edouard Manet. Edouard Manet : To find out more about Edouard Manet. his work, biography, here!  Cockmart gay
 Oops! The photo you were looking for has been deleted. You might like to ask flavinhosc25 about it! Here's a link back to your home page.  strix.kupicoin.by
 Shemale video gallery search NRI entrepreneur Ranjit Singh Baxi wins Asian of the Year Award LONDON, Oct 25 (PTI): NRI entrepreneur Ranjit Singh Baxi, founder of a recycling firm that has emerged as one of the.
 Addison Funeral Home is a family owned funeral home serving the funeral and cremation needs of Spring, Klein, The Woodlands, Tomball, Cypress Fairbanks and all of Northwest. Teda international school china Completely free full length indian soft core movies
This entry was posted in big ass, bigdick, Blonde, blowjob, Hardcore, panty, pics, smalltits and tagged a, and, came, fucking, great, nympho, Redhead, sucking, toe, with.
Japanese companies (or individuals) set up shell companies (i.e., entities with no physical substance) such as captive insurance companies, investment companies, holding companies etc., in foreign jurisdictions. These shell companies, however, are not free from local compliance requirements as other local companies do. In many cases the shell companies neglect local compliance requirement, they would be charged big non-compliance penalties and would give bad impressions on the local government authorities.
There are also many cases that Japanese head offices throw everything out to local service providers such as lawyers, accountants or corporate secretaries, but even so there is a risk that the shell companies are paying too high fees or taxes, which would set off the effect of establishing the shell entity. You might say “we are contracting with local famous service providers, so we do not have to be worried”, but from our experience it is a pitfall many people fall into.
If there is any concern of local corporate management of shell companies, please do not hesitate to contact us. Based on the ample experience through international transactions we can safely and surely manage your overseas shell entities and local service providers.
Clouded leopard male called Cayan in the outdoor enclosure at Usti nad Labem Zoo, Czech Republic on October 27, 2017. Clouded leopard is a wild cat occurring from the Himalayan foothills through mainland Southeast Asia into China. Its total population is suspected to be fewer than 10,000 mature individuals. Clouded leopards are the most talented climbers among Cats. In captivity, they have been observed to climb down vertical tree trunks head first, and hang on to branches with their hind paws bent around branchings of tree limbs. (Photo by Slavek Ruta/Rex Features/Shutterstock)
The workshop is ideal for people who have never practiced in the Zen tradition before. Prior experience to meditation is not required. The four-hour workshop consists of alternating periods of instruction, practice, and discussion. In addition to learning how to do zazen independently, you will also learn the practicalities involved in sitting with our group in a formal setting.
Due to the practical nature of the workshop, please bring relaxed clothing suitable for cross-legged sitting, preferably in neutral or muted colours. Changing rooms can be found at the Zen Center.
The course fee is 45 euros, and it includes one participation in a volitional formal zazen. Additionally you are offered two-month trial membership for half price (15 euros / month), during which you can take part in our scheduled zazen, get to know our group and get support for your practice.
Open your Gmail inbox. Go to and re-enter your email address and password if prompted. This has to be precisely the same account for which you designed the mailing list.
These acquiring behaviors mimic B2C acquiring behaviors in which brand names ought to teach, Develop belief and Construct community right before a getting selection is created – and even regarded.
From enabling Buy Orders, to examining credit history availability and enforcing getting thresholds, ensure the ecommerce procedure conforms to buyer needs.
Just like a relational database product, but objects, courses and inheritance are directly supported in database schemas and inside the question language.
Handling big portions of structured and unstructured data is often a primary functionality of information programs. Data models explain the composition, manipulation and integrity elements of the data saved in data administration systems which include relational databases.
The logical data framework of a database administration procedure (DBMS), whether hierarchical, community, or relational, are unable to totally fulfill the requirements to get a conceptual definition of data since it is proscribed in scope and biased toward the implementation tactic utilized with the DBMS. Hence, the necessity to define data from a conceptual perspective has triggered the event of semantic data modeling strategies.
Owing to custom made quoting applications, exclusive variants and segmented client teams, B2B businesses can make it possible for shoppers to send out in a PDF estimate 24/7, then evaluate the quote and acquire back news again inside of frequent business several hours on If your unique buy is often crammed.
Similar to guest running a blog, lover Internet sites can permit you to goal a fresh but appropriate viewers that has a marketing campaign all by yourself Internet site. Use this partner resource to direct visitors back again to your internet site -- in which you're already gathering email addresses.
"Data cannot be shared electronically with consumers and suppliers, since the construction and meaning of data hasn't been standardized. For instance, engineering design and style data and drawings for procedure plant are still from time to time exchanged on paper".[8]
Encourage information on your Fb Timeline that the followers can register to obtain. Make sure you include social sharing buttons towards the landing pages and thank-you internet pages you mail them to therefore you really encourage your leads to share These delivers with their own individual networks.
Willing to launch your B2B ecommerce channel. Receive a customized preview of your site, complexities included.
When you fully grasp your customer’s authentic difficulties, considerations and wishes, it is possible to optimize your web site for them, handle those concerns initial-hand and build an expertise that solves their troubles and as a result expand your sales.
Introduce On your own: Follow your greeting by introducing by yourself and your company. Don’t launch into an in-depth description of your solutions, that may give a prospect the prospect to reject you instantly.
A data framework is usually a technique for storing data in a pc to ensure it may be used efficiently. It really is an organization of mathematical and sensible concepts of data.
The Children’s Medical Research Foundation and The G-Mac Foundation hosted the seventh Annual Best of Ireland Dinner Gala on Wednesday evening, Jan 31, 2018 in New York City. The event raised a total of $850,000 for the support of international pediatric research projects across the areas of oncology, cardiology and immunology. The Gala is the largest of the several events held globally by the Foundations and takes place in partnership with The Ireland Funds. Over the course of the dinner’s 7 year history, it has raised over $4.5m.
Honorees on the evening were Adrian Jones, Managing Director in the Merchant Banking Division at Goldman, Sachs & Co, Henrik Lundqvist, Goaltender with the New York Rangers, Bret Baier, Chief Political Anchor with the FOX News Channel and Conor McGregor, UFC Lightweight Champion.
350 guests from the spheres of business, the arts and politics attended the Gala which was chaired by Alan T. Ennis, President and CEO of Glansaol.
“The Best of Ireland is a way for us to bring attention to the vital funding needed to support the research to treat life-threatening conditions” Ennis said. He continued: “By bringing together the best from the worlds of business, politics and sports on both sides of the Atlantic. The US board is providing funding for some of the very best Irish doctors who eventually find themselves based at several leading US pediatric hospitals. The support of our many American-based donors is critical to this mission and we are looking forward to another wonderful and entertaining evening.”
Father-of-three and Founding Patron Graeme McDowell said, “There’s nothing more stressful for a parent than the worry of having a sick child. Every time I have visited the children in Crumlin I’m always struck by the joy on their faces. They’re incredibly resilient but also incredibly vulnerable, so seeing them receive the best possible care in state-of-the-art facilities is reassuring. The dinner has raised almost $4m since we began and I’m delighted that Conor, Henrik, Bret and Adrian joined us at the New York Athletic Club in this, our seventh year.”
Speaking at the event honoree Conor McGregor said: “Our Lady’s Children’s Hospital in Crumlin in Ireland is very close to my heart. I was there twice in my life, once when I stood on a nail as an 8-year old kid and again last year. Like I said, I was born and raised in Crumlin and it is amazing what you are achieving from this event.”
CMRF aims to save and improve sick children’s lives supporting extraordinary care and vital research at Our Lady’s Children’s Hospital Crumlin, and the National Children’s Research Centre based at Crumlin. 1 in 100 children are born with a structural heart defect, 1 in 19 people in Ireland carry the Cystic Fibrosis gene and 120,000 children will visit Our Lady’s Children’s Hospital, Crumlin in a typical year.
At CMRF, we dedicate each day to improving the health and well-being of children affected illness and disease, and to help provide the support their families need – because every sick child deserves every chance at health and happiness.
purple comforters twin architecture solid comforter set sets bedroom ideas good quality sale country teal for beds.
purple comforters twin fetching to complete bedroom lovely color of comforter sets for king size down your bed.
Presents. Like much of life, the collection of stories from Augusten Burroughs titled, You Better Not Cry, represent a mix of the naughty and the nice. Readers are more likely to laugh than cry, although there are sad stories here that will at least lead to a wince. Burroughs knows how to write well, and each story is well constructed and accomplishes what the author set out to do. Some readers may prefer to read this away from the holiday season, so the lessons of disaster and redemption can be more distant from one’s own reality.
Familiar. It could be that Steve Berry’s recurring protagonist, Cotton Malone, has started to grow on me. The sixth and latest thriller to feature the former Department of Justice hero is titled The Paris Vendetta, and reprises the Danish billionaire Henrik Thorvaldsen who wants to find out who killed his son. So, Cotton is hauled out of his Copenhagen bookstore on another adventure. Along the way there’s a search for Napoleon’s secret treasure. Berry isn’t a terrific writer, but readers who like a quick-to-read thriller might find a few entertaining hours reading this one.
Details. Any reader picking up a work of historical fiction with over 600 pages of narrative should expect close attention to detail. Kurt Andersen delivers details by the yard in Heyday. Set in the mid-nineteenth century, readers who like that historical period will savor in what this book offers. Andersen sweeps across America from New York to California, while the events of the time come to boil and overflow. Science, adventure and love fill these pages with such detail that a reader feels present.
Freedom. Be careful what you start. Having read the first two installments of John Twelve hawks’ Fourth Realm trilogy, I figured I had to plow on to the end of the third book, The Golden City. This series has been focused on personal freedom, and may resonate best with those readers who are concerned about restrictions on freedom in a connected society. As a novel, this book stumbles more than it excites, and the resolution wasn’t as satisfying as I anticipated. Those readers who worry about life on the grid may like this trilogy; others may wish the hours spent reading this had been used in other ways.
I skimmed parts of each essay in this collection. The writing seemed fine, but I just wasn’t interested enough to read them all.
Care. Some prolific authors can tire readers with shallow novels and immature characters. I never seem to tire of reading Alexander McCall Smith. In the sixth novel featuring philosopher Isabel Dalhousie titled, The Lost Art of Gratitude, Smith continues to develop Isabel as a complex character. Her relationship with Jamie continues to deepen, her work as editor of the Review of Applied Ethics provides her with stimulation, and her son, Charlie, is now eighteen months old, and he brings her great joy. Isabel exudes her care for others in this novel, while she maintains a solid center of gravity which keeps her steady against any obstacles. First-time readers can easily start here and be satisfied with a novel that does not rely on its predecessors to be complete. Any reader who appreciates character-driven novels will likely enjoy this one.
Freedom. Thomas Kennedy’s novel, In the Company of Angels, has finally been published in the United States. I can’t recall the last time I read as finely written a novel whose characters are as wounded as those in this book. Set in Copenhagen, Nardo is in a long term therapeutic recovery from torture in Chile. Michela has suffered physical abuse and the loss of a child. As each struggles with the effects of brutality, Nardo and Michela feel the glimmers of what freedom might be like. Their relationship and others are explored with great care. Readers who appreciate good writing and who want to spend some hours immersed in the lives of deeply troubled people are likely to enjoy this novel.
Recovery. Mary Karr’s new memoir, Lit, continues to tell in finely crafted language the story of her dysfunctional life. I found myself rapidly turning these pages as she falls under the spell of alcoholism and eventually marches down the road to recovery. Hers is a lively story, packed with a bounty of issues and relationships, past and present. Smart, troubled artists can captivate our attention. In Lit, Karr does that in a masterly way, and I found that in some ways as she began recovery, I felt a restoration of my own.
Search. Readers looking for a touching story about real people will enjoy Mitch Album’s latest book, Have a Little Faith. He presents the lives of two men from different backgrounds, different faiths, and different places. Albert Lewis was the rabbi from Album’s hometown synagogue, and Henry Covington is an African American minister of a church in Detroit. What they share is hope and faith, and a love of God and people. These are inspiring lives that will lift the spirits of every reader.
Climbing. The most completely developed character in Anita Shreve’s novel, A Change in Altitude, is Kenya, or perhaps Mount Kenya. Set in that country in the 1970s, the protagonist Margaret is an American photographer who has relocated there with her physician husband, Patrick, who is a medical researcher in Nairobi. The tension rises when they decided to climb Mount Kenya with another couple. Events on the climb change the relationship between Margaret and Patrick. I found as I read the novel that I had trouble caring about these or other characters, while at the same time I found Kenya very attractive and appealing. Readers who appreciate a deeply developed sense of place may enjoy this novel, while those who prefer well-developed characters might do better to look elsewhere.
Alliances. The second novel of Robert Harris’ life of Cicero is titled, Conspirata, and I found I liked it even better than the first book, Imperium. Politics does make strange bedfellows, and Cicero finds himself isolated by changing alliances among his opponents. The financial and personal consequences are severe, and the orator can’t talk his way out of this jam. The mob and the army have senators who use them effectively, also to Cicero’s detriment. The Rome that Cicero saved seems to be a wholly different place. Readers who love historical fiction will savor the way in which Harris makes this tumultuous period of Roman history come alive, and how the character of Cicero becomes more complete and complex.
Machinations. Readers who enjoy historical fiction will experience delight from Hilary Mantel’s finely written novel, Wolf Hall. Almost six hundred pages and packed with a giant cast of characters, the novel is set during the reign of England’s King Henry VIII. The protagonist is Thomas Cromwell, who comes across as a more sympathetic and complex character than is described in history. Those readers whose knowledge of Cromwell and Thomas More comes from the Robert Bolt play, A Man For All Seasons, will find a darker More and a kinder Cromwell in Wolf Hall. Those readers who enjoy this period of history will find an easier time keeping track of the characters; others may need to keep referring back to the list of characters to keep the players straight. The political machinations are presented with a liveliness that makes an exciting historical time seem contemporary, while remaining true to its period.
Salivate. One of the reasons for reading memoirs is to acquire a taste for the life of another person, and reflect on the similarities and differences to our own life. From her first memoir, Under the Tuscan Sun, Frances Mayes gave readers a glimpse of restoring an old house in Italy. Twenty years later the house, Bramasole, still needs work, and in her new memoir, Every Day in Tuscany, Mayes lets readers join her life at home and in travels around Italy. I found my mouth watering at the descriptions of food and meals, and I read with enthusiasm the recipes she includes on these pages. The book shines with finely written description of a lifestyle: the people, the meals, the places, and the flow of the seasons of the year. I could almost smell and taste as I turned these pages. Any reader who enjoys relaxed meandering will find pleasure reading this memoir.
Building. Greg Mortenson’s follow-up to his inspirational best-selling Three Cups of Tea, is titled, Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan. This book builds on the last one, and conveys the huge impact that a single school can have on a community and a region. Along the way, readers are introduced to the lives of people who live different external lives from most Americans, but who share the same dreams for our children and our communities. The importance of the education of women in Afghanistan and Pakistan can’t be overstated, and Mortenson’s work and this description of it make the case clearly.
Reliable. The Clive Cussler brand of action writing continues to provide reliable entertainment to those readers who like strong heroes, evil enemies, and lots of adventurous action. In the seventh Oregon series novel titled, The Silent Sea, protagonist Juan Cabrillo leads a team into hostile Argentina to recover a NASA satellite. Some opportunistic Chinese have been partnering with Argentines in Antarctica, and much of the context for the novel involves ancient Chinese sailing ships. Juan and his team travel the world to confront enemies, solve mysteries, and restore world order. Not bad in 400 pages.
Complexity. Any reader impacted by the recent financial crisis will find something of value on the pages of Hank Paulson’s recollections of the turmoil at its epicenter. Titled, On the Brink: Inside the Race to Stop of the Collapse of the Global Financial System, Paulson presents his views and recollections of what happened, when, and who said and did what. This book reads like a novel, as Paulson paces the action well. As one might expect, he tends to put the best light on what he did and how he did it. He focuses intently on the collaboration between himself, Ben Bernanke and Tim Geithner. President Bush comes across as fully supportive of Paulson doing whatever was necessary to prevent a financial meltdown. This candid book reveals how much was done by the seat of the pants, and how complexity and interconnections led to actions that were both distasteful and necessary. It will be a long time before history weighs in with perspective on the actions during Paulson’s tenure as Treasury Secretary. In the meantime, his personal account is an important contribution to gaining insight into those times.
History. Linda Fairstein’s 12th mystery novel featuring assistant district attorney Alexandra Cooper is titled, Hell Gate. This time out, the crime topic is human trafficking, and the subject of the history lesson about New York City is the story of some old large mansions that have not been torn down as the city has grown. Politics, crime, corruption and connections are sufficient enough to allow most readers to sit through the history class sections of the book to savor the unfolding action. Alex’s partner, Mike Chapman, keeps the repartee and tension sharp, and Alex’s French friend, Luc, remains an invisible presence this time out. I liked the history lessons in Hell Gate, but for some readers, the slowing of the action might be a distraction. Fans will appreciate every page that features this finely developed female protagonist.
Clamor. I think that Gregg Easterbrook makes a single forceful point in his book, Sonic Boom: Globalization at Mach Speed: worldwide development is booming and the change will be messy, loud and disruptive. I kept thinking as I read this book that Tom Friedman presented much of this in his recent books. In a single global market where goods and services will be both cheaper and more widely available, entrenched players need to be nimble. Sonic Boom is an optimistic and opinionated view of the world economy that readers may find agreeable or disagreeable with one’s own view. Easterbrook presents no clear data to support his views, but I find his writing engaging enough to hear his views whether backed by facts or not.
Summer Fun / Coastal: Blue Crab Beach Garden Toland Small Decorative Flag **Designed to hang vertically from an outdoor pole or inside...
Bunny Tulip Large Decorative Flag Size: Large 28"W x 40"L Use from Easter through Spring Toland Flags are 100% polyester,...
Boston, MA – The National Autism Association (NAA) today announced its receipt of over $43,000 from Sevenly.org following its “Choose Love” campaign benefitting at-risk children with autism. The funds will allow NAA to distribute its “Big Red Safety Box” to autism families across the U.S. in an effort to combat the rise in wandering-related injuries and deaths in the autism community.
“We are overjoyed that these tools and resources will once again be available to those caring for individuals at risk of wandering away from safe environments,” said NAA Director of Development Aimee Allenback.
According to a 2011 study by the Interactive Autism Network (IAN) through the Kennedy Krieger Institute (KKI), 49% of children with an ASD wander/elope from safe supervision. This is at a rate nearly four times higher than their unaffected siblings, indicating that this is not an issue of bad parenting. From 2009 to 2011, accidental drowning accounted for 91% of total U.S. deaths reported in children with an ASD ages 14 and younger subsequent to wandering/elopement.A 2008 study from Denmark found that the mortality rate within the autism population is twice as high as in the general population.
“People with wandering tendencies can be gone in the blink of an eye despite even the most diligent supervision,” said Allenback. “The generosity of Sevenly – and everyone who participated – will work to prevent tragic outcomes that have devastated so many families in our community.”
“Sevenly was honored to support the amazing mission of NAA for this campaign,” said Justin Palmer, Online Awareness Director. “In our 1 year history, it was our most successful campaign yet! We were very excited to partner with NAA in raising awareness and increasing safety for families with Autism.”
The opening of the Big Red Safety Box application period will be announced by NAA in the coming weeks. In the meantime, parents are encouraged to join NAA’s wandering prevention group on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/AutismWandering.
Please Read: To view and/or print .pdf documents, that are available from this website, you MUST have the newest version of Adobe Reader. This is for your protection, due to vulnerabilities in previous versions. Adobe Reader is available FREE of charge - simply click the link below that corresponds to your Operating System:
Looking for the National Bylaws and Administrative Procedures? You are on the right page, just scroll down to the bottom.
Note: by right-clicking on a page in the document a search box will pop-up and you will be able to search by key word
Sign up to get your newsletters via email!! Click on both links to the left to receive the newsletters as it may come from either location.
You have plenty on your plate scheduling a bachelor or bachelorette party. If this is your first time, the last thing you need is issues with entertainment. When you think about it, the one matter that separates your party from every other event is choosing a stripper.
You shouldn’t give up! Your guests are counting on you. It is actually an abnormal situation to shop for a stripper in Richmond and a large number of customers feel uneasy doing it. On the plus side you have options and buying security thanks to the internet.
On the surface, most Richmond stripping agencies seem alike. How they do business is a totally different story. The most perfect pointers you will ever get when recruiting a Richmond stripper is to absolutely chat with the company agent first. Considering prices are tricky to divulge online, simply call for a price estimate. Every event location is distinct and might probably entail extra expenses. Use this excuse to speak to someone and successfully quantify the agency’s expertness.
You should expect a particular level of service for what you pay. You can continually find cheaper Richmond strippers if you browse long enough. So what is the repercussion? How about the reduced safety and security of your guests. Our company executes required background checks to make sure you enjoy top quality entertainment. We also feature zero tolerance for substance abuse. Do not overlook dependability!
We not only guarantee entertainment. If you don’t prefer any of our hand picked top grade Richmond strippers, you can send them away at the door for a complete refund. Our commitment is your happiness!
Booking Los Angeles Male exotic dancers has never been easier than it is right now. If you are planning a bachelorette party or just…
The information on this website is intended for educational and research purposes only. No information is intended to prescribe medication or practice medicine, nor is it intended to prevent, treat or cure symptoms, conditions or diseases. Unless otherwise noted, no statements are approved by the FDA. This information is not supplied by or endorsed by Nature's Sunshine Products, Inc.
The new Coloring Books For Adults series brings to you many amazing and fun books that everyone can enjoy. An adults can spend time coloring these fun high quality illustrations. The entire series contains a broad range of various themes adults could enjoy. What are you waiting for?
I created a little ATC for Wicked Wednesday's Earth Day challenge. I really didn't have anything that I thought was perfect for this challenge so I made the ATC using a stencil of a globe for the background. The image I used is from Just Some Lines. As a final touch I added some orange limbs and leaves. The image was colored with Copic markers. Drop over to Jenn's site and join the challenge. b
OMG, I only wish I had that stencil...it's perfect for the challenge at Wicked Wednesday's this week! You made this look so simple, yet I'm thinking it wasn't?!! LOL!
The more you know about your pregnancy and your options, the more you are likely to feel in control. The information given here is based on The Pregnancy Book, which your midwife should give you at your first appointment.
Here's a checklist of the vaccines that are routinely offered to everyone in the UK for free on the NHS, and the age at which you should ideally have them.
** Where two or more injections are required at once, these should ideally be given in different limbs. Where this is not possible, injections in the same limb should be given 2.5cm apart.
There is a good guide on the NHS website which describes various conditions affecting children. There is advice on how to diagnose them, how to treat them and if further advice should be consulted.
Having an ill child can be a very scary experience for parents. If you understand more about the illness it can help you to feel more in control. This booklet is for parents (and older children) and deals with common infections in children who are normally healthy.
See the NHS Conditions and Treatments browser for an in-depth description of many common health issues.
These links all come from trusted resources but if you are unsure about these or any other medical matters please contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice
Girls aged 12 to 13 years old Cervical cancer caused by human papillomavirus types 16 and 18 (and genital warts caused by types 6 and 11) HPV (two doses 6-12 months) Upper arm
The Meningitis C vaccination will be introduced during the 2013/14 academic year and the vaccine supplied will depend on the brands available at the time of ordering
Most symptoms of a fever in young children can be managed at home with infant paracetamol. If the fever is very high, they may have an infection that needs treating with antibiotics.
Head lice are insects that live on the scalp and neck. They may make your head feel itchy. Although head lice may be embarrassing and sometimes uncomfortable, they don't usually cause illness. However, they won't clear up on their own and you need to treat them promptly
Nosebleeds (also known as epistaxis) are fairly common, especially in children, and can generally be easily treated.
"British men are paying the price for neglecting their health: more than 100,000 men a year die prematurely.
On average, men go to their GP half as often as women. It's important to be aware of changes to your health, and to see your GP immediately if you notice something that's not right." Find out more
Each year about 36,000 men in the UK are diagnosed with prostate cancer, making it the most common cancer in men. It mainly affects men aged over 50.
Find out more about the symptoms, causes and diagnosis of prostate cancer by using the resources below.
Testicular cancer, though the most common cancer in young men, it is still quite rare. With 2000 new cases being diagnosed each year, this makes it the biggest cause of cancer related death in 15 - 35-year-old males. It accounts for around 70 deaths a year within the UK alone.
The most common symptom of testicular cancer is swelling or a pea-sized lump in one of the testes (balls). There is no current screening test therefore it is important that you look out for the following signs and symptoms.
It’s estimated that one man in 10 has a problem related to having sex, such as premature ejaculation or erectile dysfunction. Dr John Tomlinson of The Sexual Advice Association explains some of the causes, and where to seek help.
Cervical screening is a method of preventing cervical cancer by detecting abnormal cells in the cervix (lower part of the womb). Cervical screening is not a test for cancer, but it is a test to check the health of the cervix.
Most women's test results show that everything is normal. But for one in 20 women, the test will show some changes in the cells of the cervix. Most of these changes will not lead to cervical cancer and the cells will go back to normal on their own. In some cases, the abnormal cells need to be treated to prevent them becoming a problem later.
This factsheet is for women who would like information about having a cervical smear test for screening. This means having the test when you don't have any symptoms.
Since September 2008 there has been a national programme to vaccinate girls aged 12-13 against human papilloma virus (HPV). There is also a three-year catch up campaign that will offer the HPV vaccine (also known as the cervical cancer jab) to 13-18 year old girls.
The programme is delivered largely through secondary schools, and consists of three injections that are given over a six-month period. In the UK, more than 1.4 million doses have been given since the vaccination programme started.
Human papilloma virus (HPV) is the name of a family of viruses that affect the skin and the moist membranes that line your body, such as those in your cervix, anus, mouth and throat. These membranes are called the mucosa.
There are more than 100 different types of HPV viruses, with about 40 types affecting the genital area. These are classed as high risk and low risk.
Types of HPV that affect the skin can be passed on by skin contact with an affected person. The types of HPV that affect the mouth and throat can be passed on through kissing. Genital HPV is usually spread through intimate, skin to skin, contact during sex. You can have the genital HPV virus for years and not have any sign of it.
Most HPV infections are harmless or cause genital warts, however some types can cause cervical cancer. Most HPV infections clear up by themselves, but in some people the infection can last a long time. HPV infects the cells of the surface of the cervix where it can stay for many years without you knowing.
The HPV virus can damage these cells leading to changes in their appearance. Over time, these changes can develop into cervical cancer. The purpose of cervical screening (testing) is to detect these changes, which, if picked up early enough, can be treated to prevent cancer happening. If they are left untreated, cancer can develop and may lead to serious illness and death.
This factsheet is for people who would like information about the human papilloma virus (HPV) vaccine.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in the UK. About 46,000 women get breast cancer in the UK each year. Most of them (8 out of 10) are over 50, but younger women, and in rare cases men, can also get breast cancer.
The NHS Breast Screening Programme invites over 2 million women for screening every year, and detects over 14,000 cancers. Dr Emma Pennery of Breast Cancer Care says: “Breast X-rays, called mammograms, can detect tumours at a very early stage, before you’d feel a lump. The earlier it’s treated, the higher the survival rate.”
Influenza – flu – is a highly infectious and potentially serious illness caused by influenza viruses. Each year the make-up of the seasonal flu vaccine is designed to protect against the influenza viruses that the World Heal th Organization decide are most likely to be circulating in the coming winter.
Regular immunisation (vaccination) is given free of charge to the following at-risk people, to protect them from seasonal flu:
the main carers for an elderly or disabled person whose welfare may be at risk if the carer becomes ill
For more information on flu immunisation, including background information on the vaccine and how you can get the jab, see Seasonal flu jab
We're bombarded with scare stories about weight, from size zero to the obesity 'epidemic'. But a healthy body is determined by different factors for each of us.
Even a little bit of exercise will make you feel better about yourself, boost your confidence and cut your risk of developing a serious illness.
These links all come from trusted resources but if you are unsure about these or any other medical matters please contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice.
Both men and women need to look after their sexual health and take time to understand the issues that surround contraception and sexually transmitted infections (STIs).
For instance there are some STIs, like chlamydia, that you could be carrying without having any symptoms. This infection can affect fertility, so it's important to make use of the sexual health services available for free on the NHS.
Here you'll find tips for a fulfilling sex life plus advice on STDs, contraception and common sex problems.
Sexual health advice and information on contraception, sexually transmitted infections, pregnancy choices, abortion and planning a pregnancy.
There are so many different types of contraception available that you should be able to find the right method. You may have to try several different things before you choose the one you like most.
A Family Planning specialist writes about the different types of contraception, the benefits and pitfalls and how effective they are
Information on Contraception from NHS Choices including why, when and how it should be used and with links to other useful resources.
This factsheet is for women who are taking hormonal contraceptives, or who would like information about them.
Chlamydia is the most commonly diagnosed sexually transmitted infection among under-25s. Often there are no symptoms, but testing and treatment are simple.
Causes and risk factors Chlamydia is usually passed from one person to another during vaginal, oral or anal sex, or by sharing sex toys. It can live inside cells of the cervix, urethra, rectum and sometimes in the throat and eyes.
what kind of flour? How much protein, how much humidity, stone ground or something else, is it sifted or not and so on
what to mix first? is it the yeast and the water, is it the water and the salt, is it the flour and then the water…
The questions keep coming up, and it seems that the more experience one gets in baking, the more questions come up.
Many people get excited about kneading the dough and they say it relaxes them. Don’t get me wrong – kneading is as important as anything else (in the breads that need kneading) but for me it is boring and my hands get tired.
So, back to the recipe: there are many ways to make this bread and it really depends on where you live and what result you want to get out of it.
First of all, there are a few things that can damage the process of making this bread – the temperature. The yeast is a living creature, so everything above 42 C will damage it.
For this particular recipe I add the water in the bowl, then add the sugar and the salt to it to dissolve. I ad warmer water – around 60 C and then I spin it around while mixing the salt and the sugar in a way that the water will cool off and the bowl will warm up. Then I use a kitchen thermometer to make sure the water is about 40 C.
The salt I use is specifically selected NOT to have iodine and any other chemicals. I use pure sea salt, and I grind it myself. The salt you see in the store that is already ground has chemicals in it which prevent clumping, but they tend to kill the yeast.
The flour is the tricky bit: they have all kinds of flour in the stores, but it is really hard to find a good one without chemicals. I like also to use a high protein flour. The highest protein contents you can get in the stores here is 12%. I would like to get 14 or so, but I guess these are available only for bakeries.
Then the flour itself has humidity content, which is hard to tell without some machinery, but with enough baking experience you will be able to make the distinction.
The best way to approach this is to add only 2/3 of the flour the recipe calls for, and then to slowly stir it in the water. Then see how it looks like and then start adding more flour, as needed. It is much easier to add more flour then to add more water later on.
After incorporating the flour in the liquid, start kneading – for me this means increasing the speed of Heston from 1 to 2.
Wait for an hour (this really depends on the room temperature – at 28C will be about 45 min, at 22C will be about 85 minutes, but this also depends on the temperature you had when you started kneading).
There are several ways to bake – you can use a cold start or you can preheat the oven and then put the dough in.
It really depends on the room temperature and the flour. If you are counting on a bigger oven spring, the use cold start, otherwise you can use the preheated oven.
Bake for 25 min at 180C, then test with a thermometer to see the inner temperature of the bread. Keep in mind that the water boils at different temperatures depending on its content and the altitude, so you will get a different reading of the bread temperature when it is done.
it's not just an outdoor event. Buddy's stage works well in any living room or basement Schedule your next party or begin weekly lessons.
What a totally brilliant idea and performance. I haven't laughed so hard in a long time, but it was seriously a wonderful display of his rapport with the kiddies. They did produce some real music and were trying so hard to please him. And they were having a ball doing it." -Grandmother
"Buddy makes rock band camp happen once a week at our house - an hour of awesome! Kids love it and I love it. Buddy is great at sourcing instruments, we don't have to drive anywhere, and great price. Highly recommend the low-key approach - the kids are enjoying the music instead of stressing about practicing. Thank you, Buddy!"
The famous Koutoubia Mosque dominates the skyline of Marrakech. Koutoubia Mosque is 77 meters high, including it’s majestic minaret, and was built in 1158 by the Almohad Caliph Abd al-Mu’min (1094–1163) then completed by his grandson the Almoravid Sultan Yacoub El Mansour in 1195. Caliph Abd al-Mu’min also built the Giralda Tower in Seville and the Hassan Tower in Rabat which was never completed. The towering square Koutoubia minaret in Marrakech is all the more striking because the limestone walls remain undecorated by modern restorers.
At the time the area around Koutoubia was the centre of the old city and the Almohads had built a palace there which was later destroyed but you can still see the foundations. The courtyard of the mosque in Marrakech originally housed booksellers and scribes who could write documents, hence the Arabic name kutubiyyin gave its name to the Koutoubia or book seller’s mosque.
The call to prayer rings out from the Koutoubia minaret and is echoed by all the mosques in Marrakech which is a wonderful sound particularly in the early morning. The Malakite rite in Morocco permits the call to prayer to be sung and depending on the muezzin who conducts the call to prayer, it can be very beautiful. Moroccans, as with all muslims, pray five times a day and their religion rules their daily lives. Whilst a non believer cannot enter the mosque, the exterior view of Koutoubia both from a distance (it can be seen from 29 kms) and close up is a stunning sight and is Marrakech’s icon. It is floodlit at night.
The minaret of the Kasbah mosque known as the El Mansouria, is in the old fortified city close to the Bab Agnaou adjacent to the Saadian tombs. The minaret of the Kasbah Mosque resembles Koutoubia. Built in 1190 by Sultan Yacoub El Mansour it was restored in the 16th Century. The minaret is decorated with green and white zellij tiles.
The Mouassine mosque on Rue Mouassine is just up from the Dar El Bacha Palace. It is a large and imposing building with a hammam , a medersa and a large fountain in a square to the left of the mosque. It was built by the Saadian Sultan Abdullah el Ghalib in 1560.The Bab Doukala mosque was also built by the Saadians in 1557 who built also built several other mosques including the Barrima mosque, the Zaouia of Sidi Bel Abbes, the Zaouia of Sidi Ben Slimane al-Jazouli, Zaouia of Sidi Youssef Ben Ali, and the Sidi Moulay el Ksour mosque.
The Ben Youssef Mosque is on the main square close to the Marrakech Museum and the Medersa Ben Youssef was originally built by the Almoravid ruler Youssef Bin Tachfine in 1070 and his son Ali Ben Youssef built the largest mosque in the city on the site to be the center of the new city after the conquest by the Almohads . It was built between 1121 and 1132 and was said to have cost a fortune to build with a huge fountain in the central courtyard. It was refurbished by the Saadian Sultan Abdallah al Ghalib and the Saadians also built the magnificent Medersa Ben Youssef between 1563-1564, which tourists can enter . You can also see the Koubba Ba’adiyn with its superb carvings in its dome which was part of the orginal mosque. It is in the park facing the mosque and you can buy a ticket for it in the Medersa Ben Youssef.
The Ben Youssef Mosque underwent a further architectural transformation in the 19th Century by the Alaouite Sultan Suleiman who restored the mosque which had fallen into ruin in the 17th and 18th Centuries but all traces of the Almohad and Almoravid interiors were lost. Mosques in Marrakech have undergone a continuous process of recreation along with the Medina. The situation only stabilised during the French Protectorate and subsequent post independence restoration efforts.
Today the Ben Youssef Mosque dominates the square with its imposing walls and if you are lucky you may be able to see inside through its large door. In the alleyways of the Medina you can glance through open door ways and sometimes catch a glimpse of the interiors, many are plain white with arches .Sometimes there is raffia matting around the walls and carpets laid on the floor. On Fridays it is worth watching the prayers and sermons of the imam on the 2M TV channel in Morocco’s finest mosques to see some of the interiors.
The Ben Saleh Mosque is in a square at the end of Derb Dabachi. It is remarkable as being the sole example of Merinid architecture in Marrakech .It is currently been refurbished. Behind the mosque is the Medersa Ben Saleh which was built n 1671 by Sultan Moulay Rachid and has been completely restored having been a ruin for many years.
There are hundreds of mosques in Marrakech both ancient and modern and new mosques continue to be built many with the financial support of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Travel Exploration specializes in Morocco Travel. We provide Tours and travel opportunities to Morocco for the independent traveler and tailor-made tours for families and groups with a distinctly unique flavor. From Morocco’s Seven Imperial Cities, to the Magical Sahara Travel Exploration offers a captivating experience that will inspire you. At Travel Exploration we guarantee that you will discover the best of Morocco! Call Travel Exploration at 1 (800) 787-8806 or + 1 (212) 618882681 and let’s book a tour to Morocco for you today.
Morocco has an exceptional history of cuisine with long standing reputation and allure for the Western traveler. Being at the crossroads of many civilizations Morocco is a mélange of Arab, Berber, Moorish, French, Middle Eastern, Mediterranean African, Iberian, and Jewish influences. Keeping up to date with new travel trends, Travel Exploration has launched a Culinary Trip to Morocco for food enthusiasts. Morocco is a key destination for foodies, adventure travelers and those who wish to explore an untouched country that is full of culinary surprise and old world culture.
Travel Exploration’s first Culinary Trip is scheduled for May 2014 and will enable travelers to experience a cultural tour whiling eating there way through Morocco’s ancient medinas, taking two of the country’s top Morocco cooking workshops and to saunter the old medina of Imperial Fez on an unforgettable Fez Food Tour. Travel Exploration’s Culinary Trip to Morocco offers a chance to discover traditional dishes in the Imperial Cities such as bastilla and couscous, bake bread bread with the Berbers in Southern Morocco and exotic eats in Marrakch’s Djemaa El Fna Square. Travel Exploration’s first Culinary adventure to Morocco will take place over the course of 11 Days.
PRICES INCLUDE: Accommodations at Charming Moroccan Riads and Boutique Hotels in 4/5 Star Category, two meals per day, all cooking workshops, food tours, guided historical tours, wine tasting, and ground transportation in comfort luxury vehicle. Airfare is not included.
Morocco ‘s 4th Imperial City of Meknes is often left off tourist itineraries. Meknes is a UNESCO World heritage site and has massive imposing ramparts, 25 kms long, built by Sultan Moulay Ismail, of the Alaouite dynasty, who ruled Morocco from 1672-1727. He chose Meknes as his capital because of the resistance and intrigue he encountered in Fes and Marrakech. He successfully defeated warring tribes and religious brotherhoods in the south uniting the country and repelling European invaders in the north, liberating Tangiers from British rule. The Sultan Moulay Ismaeil also withstood the Ottoman invaders who took Tunisia and Algeria.
Having won many battles and ensuring the unity of what became the modern Moroccan state, he returned to build Meknes as his capital over a period of 55 years. Moulay Ismail was not one to do things by half measures. The old town of Meknes had been the capital of a Berber tribe which had come from Tunisia, the Mekanassa. Alongside this old medina town the Sultan built his imperial city which provided accommodation for his wives and some 500 concubines and 800 children with 24 royal palaces, mosques, barracks and ornamental gardens, surrounded by four sets of massive defensive walls .
The Sultan also installed his army of black soldiers, the Abids or Black Guard, which grew to a force of more than 25,000 in number during his reign in Meknes. He used this slave army to impose a centralized state instead of using unreliable Moroccan tribes to enforce his rule as other sultans had done before him. He created a huge complex, which you can still see, for storage facilities and stabling for thousands of horses at the Heri el Souani granary. He used 50,000 Berber and European slaves to build the imperial city. He plundered the roman remains of Volubilis and completely removed the interior of the Badi Palace in Marrakech to build his imperial city.
Despite his iron control during his reign he failed to ensure the succession. Shortly after his death his sons dismantled most of what he had built within the walls and removed the materials to other locations following a pattern repeated in Moroccan history up until the French Protectorate and conservation efforts following Morocco’s independence in 1956.
Meknes has some remarkable entrance gates or babs, the best known and most ornate is the Bab Mansour, embellished with zellij tiles and Islamic script engraven on stucco. It is at Place el Helim which separates the Medina from the Imperial city and the nearby Bab Jema en Nouar ,both designed by Moulay Ismail’s court architect, a Christian renegade known as Mansour el Aleuj. The Dar Jamai Museum overlooks the Place el Helim and is a former palace built in 1882 for the Jamai family, two of whom were viziers to the sultan. Since 1920 it became one of Morocco’s best museums displaying the work of urban craftsmen and traditional Berber tribal artifacts. Its exhibits include ceramics, antique Fes and Meknes pottery, Berber jewelry, rugs, kelims, antique carpets, embroidery and woodwork. You can also enjoy the greenery and fountains of the museum’s Andalusian garden . Upstairs the vizier’s salon is arranged as a typical 19th century palace reception room with period decorations and furniture.
Opposite the Grand Mosque is the Medersa Bou Inania, a Merinid Medersa ( Islamic college) built in 1358 by Bou Inania ,who also built the renowned Medersa of the same name in Fes which is much larger. The medersa has fine zellij tiles, delicate stucco relief work and a carved olive wood ceiling. You can climb up to the roof for a fine view of the green tiled Grand Mosque and its minaret. The medersa itself is closed to non muslims.
In the Imperial City the tomb of its founder Sultan Moulay Ismail remains and is open to non muslims. It has courtyards which lead to the tomb hall which is finely decorated with zellij tiles and crafted stucco decorations. You can view the tomb but should not advance in to the chamber which is visited by pilgrims.
Moulay Ismail’s parade ground, the mechaouar, for reviewing his troops, is now called the Place Lalla Aouda and lies to the south of the Bab Mansour . The Koubbba al Sufara further on, is where the sultan received ambassadors and stairs lead down to a large crypt with dark rooms which are said to be dungeons but were apparently for storage.
The medina is smaller than that of Fes or Marrakech but nevertheless has good souks for jewelry, textiles, carpets and kelims. For accommodation you can choose riads in the medina including Riad Yacout or Riad D’Or and the Ville Nouvelle has a number of hotels including the Ibis and the Transatlantique. If you fancy a drink there is Le Pub and there are a number of restaurants in the medina including Dar Sultana and Restaurant Zitouna and in the Ville Nouvelle, such as Chez Phillipe and the Bistrot Art &amp; Wine Bar. Meknes is a good place to stay whilst visiting the nearby Roman ruins of Volubilis with its famous mosaics and the religious pilgrimage town of Moulay Idris.
As well as being famous for its ramparts Meknes and the region is also a major agricultural centre and is home to the famous vineyards of Celliers de Meknes at Chateau Roslane which produces many fine Moroccan wines. Ask your travel agent to arrange a visit.
Two older well known films featuring Morocco are Hitchcock’s The Man Who Knew Too Much which features James Stewart and Doris Day and was made in 1956. It has all the tense drama of a Hitchcock thriller and has a scene on the Jemma El Fna square where Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance looking at acrobats on the Place in a cafe as a man is stabbed nearby. The French built fortress like police station on the square features prominently in the film. It was made in the same year as Morocco gained independence and captures some of the excitement of the period.
The film Casablanca in 1942 starred Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, and Paul Henreid and features Claude Rains as the French police officer, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, and Dooley Wilson. All the scenes were shot in a Hollywood studio but the Moroccan street scenes are not too bad and the romantic drama won 3 Academy awards. The hero Humphrey Bogart has to choose between the woman he loves played by Ingrid Bergman and helping her husband in the Czech resistance escape the pro Hitler Vichy forces in Morocco. The picture accurately portrays the war time drama and the plight of refugees in Morocco during the Second World War and was rushed out to coincide with the Allied landings during operation Torch in North Africa in 1942. It is one of the great romantic films with some of the greatest cinema actors of all time. Casablanca still basks in the glory and today’s Rick’s Bar is well worth a visit, you can watch the film as well.
Josef Von Sternberg’s production of Morocco in 1930 with Marlene Dietrich and a very young Gary Cooper who is serving in the French Foreign Legion. The film opens with a legionnaire column marching into Mogador . The column stops in the souk and waits as the call to prayer rings out and the people pray, the scenes are very well observed. The shots of life as a legionnaire give an idea of what the period under the French Protectorate was like. This is the film where the young Marelene Dietrich caused a sensation by singing in the local nightclub in top hat and tails and kissing a woman who gave her a white rose after her performance. Both the heroine and hero have a troubled past and a are trying to found a new life in Morocco. It again explores the theme of Morocco as a land of eastern mystery where the characters can find themselves. In the end she follows the legionnaire column into the desert to be with her true love despite the wealth and security offered by another suitor.
The film Hideous Kinky came out in 1998 starring Kate Winslet and Said Taghamoui. In 1972 Jane’s two daughters Bea and Lucy move to Marrakech to escape the boring routines of London. The film captures the hippy period in Morocco. Both Kate Winslet ‘s character and her two daughter’s also go through a voyage of discovery aided by Said Taghamouti’s character who helps them to return to London.
The American novelist Paul Bowles narrates Bernado Bertolucci’s version of his great novel The Sheltering Sky starring Debra Winger and John Malkovich and Campbell Scott. As often happens the novelist did not like the film, the novel was perhaps too stark for a Hollywood extravaganza. There are great desert scenes and Paul Bowles appears in a cameo part as well as narrating the film. He spent 52 years living in Tangier writing and thinking about Morocco during his own personal journey of discovery. He was the best known American expatriate in Morocco of the period and introduced many writers of the period to the country.
If you search on Youtube you will find films of old Morocco in 1920,1930,and 1950’s and vivid street scenes and it is thrilling to see places as they were then and are now in modern Morocco. You can also find historic pictures of Mohammed V, Churchill and De Gaulle reviewing French troops in Marrakech during World War II as well as the historic Casablanca conference with President Roosevelt.
Morocco is a very photogenic country because of its string scenery and great films such as David Lean’s Lawrence of Arabia, Orson Welles’s Othello shot in Essaouira, Martin Scorsese’s, Kundun and also the Temptation of Christ. Many international films continue to be made in Morocco and Morocco has its own burgeoning film industry and film stars.
Posted in Morocco Travel Activities | Comments Off on Films to Watch before Traveling to Morocco, Your Morocco Tour Guide
Marrakech, often referred to as the Paris of Morocco and the premier Moroccan city of night lights and romance has something of a reputation for its nightlife. Marrakech has a reputation for seedy bars and expensive discos in high end hotels with groovy, Ibiza-style discos and belly-dancing along with top end dining experiences that can be had on rooftop terraces.The best places for nightlife in Marrakech are in the wealthy Hivernage district’s 5 star hotels, Sofitel So Lounge, Hivernage Hotel and the Comptoir Darna Cocktail Bar. Low lighting, scented candles, and Moroccan lamps are strategically placed in the ground-floor restaurant of Comptoir. Diners can choose from low-lying tables under the Berber tent, or inside the charcoal and ocher restaurant proper. There is a small garden where you can lounge on the lime, orange, and red cushions and heavy Berber carpets. A wide, central staircase leads up to the real reason to come here: the harem like bar decked out in charcoal, orange, and burgundy veils where resident and guest DJ’s spin the latest in Euro-Arabian dance music with exotic dancers.
One of the hottest places in Marrakech is Theatro, inside the Marrakech Casino at the Hotel es Saadi on avenue Quadissia, Hivernage. Converted from an old theater and with the original stage still intact, this place, at times, rivals Europe with its unabashed on-stage hedonism. At other times, it’s simply a high-end techno dance club.
Out past the Hivernage in the new Aguedal area is Pacha Marrakech. The Pacha complex is on boulevard Mohammed VI,which is large and with loud music to match. This kasbah-style club is an outpost of the clubbing giant Pacha in Ibiza, pumps out 50,000 watts of DJ-mixed pulsating music. It boasts two formal restaurants and a huge swimming pool with a cave like nightclub, with its large open spaces decked out with exotic rugs, high ceiling, and low-lying sitting areas. Regular nightclubers will be at home on the tented dance floor which often looks like a giant circus ring complete with shirtless Europeans, while those hankering for more lounge than reverberating music will gravitate to the separate chill-out lounge. On a Saturday night european and international DJ’s are flown in.
Farther out, on the Ourika road, is Bô & Zin which has French Thai cuisine, served within the various rooms inside. It’s good for a late-night party, with both a resident DJ and guest musicians out in the garden. During summer it’s usually packed with trendy people and a place to have fun where Europeans and locals mix.
All the big hotels in Marrakech also have bars. One of the most glamorous in the city is undoubtedly Le Bar Churchill, at La Mamounia Hotel, which has a sumptuous Moorish and art deco interior and a strict dress code. It is named after the hotel’s most famous guest and is the perfect place for an aperitif in jazzy 1930s style.
There few places in the Marrakech Medina for quality Nightlife as bars are not encouraged to be opened there for religious reasons. An exception is next to the Mellah is the Asian-chic Kosybar, Place des Ferblantiers (lamps) which is very popular. Kosybar is a former riad that offers something different on each of its three floors. The small ground-floor bar, decorated with a zebra-skin hide, is a great spot for an evening of drinking and dancing. The second level combines shades of ocher and olive with heavy, dark-wood furniture and the original zellij flooring. On the terrace you’ll be rewarded with a superb view of the medina, the top of the El Badi Palace, and the resident flock of storks who nest and fly by at eye level. The terrace of Kosybar has comfy lounges and is a great place to chill out with a cold beer or a bottle of wine. Kosybar is open daily from noon to midnight.
Also on place des Ferblantiers is Le Tanjia which has a small and popular ground floor bar. Tucked away in a corner you’ll encounter the in-house band, belting out mainly Moroccan and European music. The restaurant upstairs (one floor indoors plus the roof terrace) offers very good fare, mostly Moroccan, and most nights your meal is accompanied by a belly dancer or two. It’s open from noon to midnight.
The Piano Bar, within the mammoth Hotel les Jardins de la Koutoubia, 26 rue Koutoubia is very low-key and rarely busy in the evening. A convenient place for a quick drink just off the Djemma El Fna.
Le Salama on rue des Banques in the Medina attracts a lively crowd of diners, drinkers and dancers. Housed in a period colonial building, this sumptuous club offers Moroccan lanterns, dark floors, mirrored walls, ornamental woodwork and views of the Atlas Mountains.
The Guéliz, the modern part of town, has a number of bars and restaurants and pavement cafés. The old slightly rough Moroccan men only bars are usually hidden away and have screens in the doorway and are not meant for tourists or Europeans. They only sell heineken or local beer.
The Diamant Noir night club is on the Place de la Liberte mixes western pop and Moroccan hits and has an easy-going party atmosphere and a dance floor.
African Chic hosts live music nightly at rue Oum Errabia, El Hara, Marrakech. It offers two huge bars, a great cocktail menu and an explosive atmosphere.
In Guéliz, the restaurants like the Grand Café de la Poste, Kechmara, and Café du Livre are great places to enjoy a drink. Kechmara has live music sessions with a DJ on Wednesdays,Thursdays and Fridays and Café du Livre is a great place of young Moroccans and expats to meet and a very congenial place for tourists to meet locals.
The compact Le Lounge, next to the Diwane Hotel, 24 rue Yougoslavie is Daniel Guillard and Christian Hofer’s affordable, unpretentious lounge bar that nightly attracts a loyal set of locals as well as a few tourists. The staff members are young and friendly. Drinks are served either in the downstairs lounge or the smoky upstairs mezzanine. The interior is sleek and modern, with black and red throughout. The music is largely dance, house, or funk, and widescreen TVs show the latest music videos. There’s a reasonable menu, including tapas.
The Brasserie at the Renaissance Hotel is one of the few restaurants that is open day and night with tables and seating inside around the bar and outside in a screened off area with big television screen for football matches. On the top floor of the Renaissance Hotel is the terrace bar Le Mirador with superb views of Marrakech at night and the Dahab night club with a DJ Jazz and blues.
One must also not forget the ultimate in live music, the nightly concert on Jemaa el Fna. This is the ultimate in live Moroccan music and traditional Gnaoua.
she was "La Dame de Marrakech" par excellence .. a woman who celebrated the medina where she lived and continues to be part of the memory of this city and Morocco. (1)
If you're anything like us, you know the value of hitting the road just for the thrill of the wind on your face. You don't need a bunch of plans or a big bucket list -- you just hit the road with a map and your sense of adventure. To help you do more of that this summer, we've put together a list of five ways to be more spontaneous during your travels.
I once came across this quote on a travel forum: "Not planning is a good way to miss things you wanted to see." That may be true, but it misses the point of travel completely.
It's not hard to compile a list of must-visit sights and attractions before you travel. Every guidebook will have a page dedicated to the Eiffel Tower, the Statue of Liberty and the Taj Mahal. Many travelers feel like they absolutely can't miss these touristy sites.
The problem is, if you only focus your trip only on these types of places, you'll miss some of the most important travel experiences out there: the ones that are born of spontaneity and happenstance. Personally, I've been to New York without taking the boat to the Statue of Liberty. I've been to Paris without going up the Eiffel Tower. And while I did visit the Taj Mahal when I was in Agra, what I mostly remember is the crowds and the rain.
On the other hand, when I visited Egypt, I did something outside most tourists' comfort zone and rented a bicycle to explore the Valley of the Kings, which is lined with the tombs of ancient royalty. It was so hot on the way back that we had to stop into a few shops and pretend we wanted to buy souvenirs just to get some tea. This was a memorable experience that we never would have had if we'd done a "normal" tour.
The "must see" travel lists are great for boring guidebooks and listicle-driven magazines, but at Triposo we feel that they fail to capture what travel is really about.
One traveler said that, "For me, stumbling across a free open-air opera at dusk in a church courtyard in an old part of Rome -- listening to the singers while swallows zoomed overhead -- was pure European magic. I couldn't follow the plot at all, but it didn't matter."
Another explained that his favorite travel experience was, "Accidentally coming upon a tiny outdoor fox shrine that had a mysterious door into a hill in Arashimaya, Kyoto, after visiting a small moss temple."
A different traveler gushed about, "That peeled salted cucumber from the guy with the cucumber cart on a gorgeous April day in front of the Blue Mosque in Istanbul. Holy shit that cucumber."
Of course, these types of experiences never make it onto a bucket list. No one sets out to have a transformative experience at a cucumber cart in Turkey or to discover a magical animal shrine. These are serendipitous experiences, the kind you simply can't plan for.
However, you can do a few things that will help you find yourself in more serendipitous situations. Here are our recommendations for traveling more spontaneously and uncovering the adventure in each place you visit:
That's number one, and while it may seem obvious, it's worth repeating because not enough people actually do it. Just go somewhere. Then look around you and see what there is to see. You don't have to be in Paris or Istanbul or anywhere exotic. It can be Pittsburgh. They may not have an Eiffel Tower, but the company that makes the paint for the Eiffel Tower is there, and maybe that's where your serendipitous experience is hiding out. Just pick a place, get on the road and go.
Is there any sight more pitiful than a tourist struggling with his map in the wind? Sometimes I think that travel companies ought to issue an "anti-GPS." One that tells you to turn left when what you're looking for is to the right. My dad had one of these, and they've been married happily for more than 40 years (har, har.) Anyway, the point is to let go of your need for control and just follow your nose. The good news is that there is so much to see in most cities that you are likely to find something amazing as soon as you put the map down and look around you. It's not to say that a good map can't come in handy now and again (and we happen to think that the skobbler-powered open-source maps in our mobile app are some of the best out there), but there's a lot to be said for just wandering and getting lost. And anyway, as a wise man once said, "Not all who wander are lost."
pedikrI am a travel lover and currently looking for a best spot to visit in summer. Planning a trip itinerary for summer season is always a major task. You should need to select the proper tourist destination which suites your health. I hope, in this season I would be in Bangkok.
I did something outside most tourists' comfort zone and rented a bicycle to explore the Valley of the Kings, which is lined with the tombs of ancient royalty.hard rock hotel las vegas
You don't need a bunch of plans or a big bucket list -- you just hit the road with a map and your sense of adventure. Слънчев бряг
Rhenia Tours, which is the preferred Travel Agent for Samos Summit, has the largest network of offices on the island with branch offices wherever clients visit, Kokkari, Pythagorio, Karlovassi, Votsalakia and also at the airport. las vegas airport
Hire private car and limo service in Geneva, Switzerland on Limos.com. Compare car service & limousine rental prices, and book your ride online. concierge switzerland Limousine geneva
I really appreciate this wonderful post that you have provided for us. I assure this would be beneficial for most of the people. charter flights
New York without taking the boat to the Statue of Liberty. I've been to Paris without going up the Eiffel Tower. And while I did visit the Taj Mahal when I was in Agra, what I mostly remember is the crowds and the rain. puertoricotips.com
Pelicans march solemnly up and down the beaches, always on the lookout for a dead fish abandoned by a passing fisherman, while seagulls wheel overhead. hotel booking sites
The logistics involved in planning a Europe trip may seem tedious or overwhelming, but the more prepared you are, the greater your chances of a successful tripLink
Real deep-blue sky, the new shoots of grass, the blossoming trees, and colourful buds of scented flowers. Kenya tours
An amazing corporation to work with!! Quite helpful services and proficient concerning the canyon. They took the stress of journey strategies off our palms and made it effortless for us to just enjoy our excursion. From starting to end the support was Remarkable! In the beginning it was overwhelming to think about all our diverse solutions concerning the grand canyon..we knew we needed to go to but that was about all we knew about Arizona. Advantage Grand Canyon
Pretty good post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed reading your blog posts. india travel agents
I am always searching online for articles that can help me. There is obviously a lot to know about this. I think you made some good points in Features also. Keep working, great job! Minibus And Driver Service
You don't have to be in Paris or Istanbul or wherever exotic. It may be Pittsburgh. They could not have an Eiffel Tower, but the firm that makes the paint for the Eiffel Tower is there, and maybe that is the place your serendipitous experience is hiding out. Simply decide a place, get on the road and go.
Latest travel news and reviews on UK and world holidays, travel guides to global destinations, city breaks, hotels and restaurant information from the Guardian. lovetravel
Hiring a travel agent is a good idea, After you have planned everything, they provide a safety net during your trip that you simply won’t get by booking yourself or buying insurance. Having a top Corporate Travel Management Services can also make you an instant VIP – free room upgrades, hard to get restaurant reservations, cutting lines, access to otherwise closed stores and exhibits, private guides, and cheaper – often much cheaper – premium airfares.Thanks!!
Institutional Portal. Vatican City State was founded following the signing of the Lateran Pacts between the Holy See and Italy on February 11th 1929. Vatican
Tower. And while I did visit the Taj Mahal when I was in Agra, what I mostly remember is the crowds and the rain.malindo airlines
Stories about South Korea. ... This curious way of travel via freight ship has some people packing up their sleeping bags to experience the new ride. Norway. Korea Travel
You should comment on the competition comparison of the blog. You can highlight it's mind boggling. Your blog exploration/tour will broaden your conversions. Agen Bola
You are so interesting! I do not suppose I have read anything like that before. So wonderful to find another person with unique thoughts on this subject. Seriously.. thank you for starting this up. This site is one thing that is needed on the web, someone with a bit of originality! come to my website:
However, you can do a few things that will help you find yourself in more serendipitous situations. Here are our recommendations for traveling more spontaneously. nemo galapagos
About cars, I could provide you with my own opionion as pro that Limotek http://www.limotek.co.uk/ is the better. They offer a wide selection of quality limo services that are high on fantastic rates that can leave you over satisfied
I was more than happy to uncover this website. I wanted to thank you for your time for this particularly wonderful read!! I definitely enjoyed every little bit of it and i also have you saved to fav to look at new information in your web site. Agen Sbobet Arenabetting
An intriguing discussion is worth comment. There's no doubt that that you ought to publish more about this subject matter, it might not be a taboo subject but typically people don't discuss such topics. To the next! Cheers!! Bola Tangkas Arenabetting
The very next time I read a blog, Hopefully it doesn't disappoint me as much as this one. I mean, I know it was my choice to read, nonetheless I genuinely believed you would probably have something interesting to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about something that you could possibly fix if you weren't too busy searching for attention. Sbobet Arenabetting
Thank you for choosing A-National Limousine Service, Inc. for your Atlanta limousine services and global limo transportation needs. atlanta car service
To help you do more of that this summer, we've put together a list of five ways to be more spontaneous during your travels. http://www.car-asia.com
I have to voice my passion for your sharpness in writing and giving acknowledges to people. The post should have magnificent guidance on this important matter. http://www.i-hotel.com.my/johor-bahru-hotel
This was a huge affair that we never would have had on the off chance that we'd done a "typical" visit.
What are the purposes of this animal hospital? Well for you to know they will doing surgery for any pets who has a disease or having health problem and give good advise how to taking care of pets. edmonton vet clinics
Excellent post, I agree with you 100%! I’m always scouring the Internet for new information and learning whatever I can, and in doing so I sometimes leave comments on blogs. I don’t do it for SEO purposes necessarily, but to learn new things.
I'm impressed, I must say. Very rarely do I come across a blog that's both informative and entertaining, and let me tell you, you've hit the nail on the head. Your blog is important; the issue is something that not enough people are talking intelligently about.
SEO and mobile friendly web design is really amaing that help boost rankings on search engine. So in order to have that you must hire an expert who will do the design and develop your webiste. Web Design Philippines
Can I simply just say what a comfort to find a person that truly understands what they're discussing on the web. You certainly know how to bring an issue to light and make it important. More and more
Greetings! Very helpful advice in this particular post! It is the little changes that make the greatest changes. Many thanks for sharing!
This is how you will remove your loneliness just you need to call for Mumbai Escourts those who are like turmeric on your body so that you feel so relax. The color of turmeric will be on your body and it will colorful your life as you call for hot ladies. For more info visit - http://mumbaiescort.me/
Myself sophia shroff from mumbai. I newly join Mumbai escorts agency for providing best and satisfied service. so if you want to contact me call me on +91-9167008019.
We can guarantee our clients to have the advanced Mumbai escorts, dependable and dazzling escorts in Mumbai from our organization. There are a few escorts who comprehend that how to manage the clients and give them fulfilling administrations. Consequently, individuals over the city can be guaranteed about having the sensual administrations from independent escorts in Mumbai young ladies. We comprehend that clients at last guarantee that they locate the most sensual young lady who can satisfy their yearnings of sex and affection. Along these lines, we generally make attempts to enroll the stunning young ladies for our organization. Perceiving requests of the clients we convey them administrations, for example, whether they need escort young ladies for sexual reason or similarly need to go through a few minutes with young ladies.
There are numerous escorts in mumbai who are here to entertain the clients.Escorts in Mumbai will please by their services and will be available for 24*7 to you.Visit me on Independent Escorts in Mumbai Call me on +91-9167008019
Very hot and fantastic Escorts in Mumbai will come to celebrate your desire, passion and power here you may call for Mumbai escorts those really so aggressive and bold even you will lose you control as you will just gaze them at once.
The choice is yours. You can easily go from 30-60 seconds for every set. Or you can go from 8-15 reps. This would depend on the style of workout you want to do for the day.
Hi! This is Koena an Delhi Independent Escorts. If you are in delhi city and want beautiful escorts then call me.Visit:http://koena.in
Search Engine optimization is a succession of improving the Search Engine Ranking of your website. There are a number of SEO company in Faridabad, but you need an professional to take your website to the new height.a grade media services faidabad is the best seo company in Faridabad.
I am a beautiful, sexy, good-natured and always set to doing amazing and imaginative. I am just 22 year Beauty young girl with sexy, rounded body.
My escort services convenient dowantown Delhi location and most of all our great customer satisfaction will provide you an unforgettable night ...
Aw, this was an extremely good post. Finding the time and actual effort to make a top notch article… but what can I say… I procrastinate a whole lot and never seem to get anything done.brokenc0d3
Aw, this was an extremely good post. Finding the time and actual effort to make a top notch article… but what can I say… I procrastinate a whole lot and never seem to get anything done.
The viewing location for the weekend evening footbridge tour is a footbridge crossing a smaller channel of the Platte just south of the center, about a 1/3 mile walk along a handicapped-accessible trail. arriendo de camionetas
Attend seminars that discuss how to start a Delhi Escorts Service. The Small Business Adminstration is one organziation that offers such seminars free of..... Delhi Escorts List is find to easy a escorts girl in Delhi.
we provide an unique and latest escort service in mumbai to high class and discreet persons. you can be seen our escort girls in our gallery.
Hello Guys, We are offering beautiful sexy escorts in delhi so if you are in delhi city and want to beautiful sizzling Delhi Escorts than call us.
If you love betting then visit at at http://arenabetting.com and become one of gamblers all over the country and receive some bonuses. We also give tips on how to play especially for newbies.agen ibcbet
Hello Gentleman, we heartily welcome you here as you have been looking for beauty companion and sensual satisfaction in gurgaon, noida & all NCR area and we as a group of Delhi Escorts girls invite you to have an undying pleasure from the services provided by Delhi Escorts service.
If you are worried and want some recreation, you absolutely require Call Girls in Delhi. If you spend some unforgettable time with the best female Delhi Call Girls. you arrived the right stand. You will be happy to spend time with them and like the call girl service provided by them. Our Delhi modlish girls are known for providing A-grade service and the most memorable familiarity. That's what you are going to accept.
Hi Gentlemen I am Renuka Sinha a pune escorts Girl in magarpatta, basicly from mumbaiI am 21, 5'6, fair and very good looking girl with attractive figure and curvy body shape.
Purple Hyderabad escorts service is a famous for client satisfaction, you can connect our other service like as escorts in Hyderabad, Hyderabad escorts agency and etc.
Hi there! This blog post could not be written any better! Looking through this article reminds me of my previous roommate! He always kept preaching about this. I am going to forward this post to him. Fairly certain he'll have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
Hello guys, I am Independent female in Surat, Best Gallery Model in Surat, I am so hot beautiful female. independent surat escorts
I am an independent courtesan and available 24x7 to please you. You can meet me whenever and wherever you want. You will get more than your expectations from me. If you feel alone and really want someone who can make you smiley by offering a wonderful escort service then call me now. My clients are very precious for me and i provide them all Escorts Service in Delhi. I am very sexy girl and always eager to meet a guy that can ruin me on bed very gently.
Hi Guys welcome to Indian Escorts take away all along with an organization and the society that Indian portrays, we have taken greatest care in fetch the festival feel in our Indian Escorts Agency. Here is a steady rush in the Escorts in developed with the numeral rising in wrinkle; with it you will as well find a massive rise in the online turnout in this place. With alteration the new song of attainment and the online surfers and consumer growing with a fast rapidity the online audience has become a strength.
Here's to knocking things off the to do list. Thanks so much for this simple and very useful post!limo wailea
Today in this hectic life everybody seeks someone that can understand their feeling and can me them feel comfortable, in the same way here we introduce our Gurgaon escorts to you who are well educated call girls in Gurgaon and provide best escort services in Gurgaon. Our Gurgaon escorts are well educated and well experienced in their respective field of work, normally gurgaon call girls work for money but here we give the preference to the services rather than money, with our girls you’ll feel like you are with your girl friend, we also provide you accommodation facility to enjoy with the independent escorts in Gurgaon.
Thanks for sharing your info. I really appreciate your efforts and I will be waiting for your further write
Travel is really an adventure? well maybe if you have enough money or much money to do travel in different places that you want to adventure. But for those who do not have much money well going to near places is also an adventure. http://www.seoregion.net
It is one of the pleasant news for everyone that in the city of Ahmedabad you will find out a leading form of entertainment and it is none other than the availability of the wonderful escort service of offered by the quality Ahmedabad Escorts who have been all here in the city to greet and welcome the clients from different parts of the world.
Our young yet developed independent escorts in Hyderabad are extremely specialists in making your carefree session the most vital one. In this way, quit squandering
time with uneducated whore girls and contract first class services of Shanaya Sen to transform all your suggestive dreams into reality. to know more visit our sites-
wonderful information, I had come to know about your blog from my friend nandu , hyderabad,i have read atleast 7 posts of yours by now, and let me tell you, your website gives the best and the most interesting information. This is just the kind of information that i had been looking for, i'm already your rss reader now and i would regularly watch out for the new posts, once again hats off to you! Thanks a ton once again, Regards, passport agents in hyderabad
So. You can't go back into the past and visit something that is currently in the Present. By this logic, everything is in a constant state of Present. So, if there isn't a Past per se, Is there a Future?hotel bookings
Thanks for one’s posting! I quite enjoyed reading Your Post; you could be a Very great author. I will make sure to bookmark your blog now and will eventually come back in the foreseeable future always. I want to encourage you continue your great writing Skills, have a nice evening!
One of most popular festival happy New Year celebrated across the world. This year a new calendar hanging on the wall for new holidays, events and dates.
New Year is just around the corner. Do not forget to wish your loved ones with these beautiful Happy New Year SMS 2016, Happy New Year Messages 2016 in Hindi, English.
I am rupali sharma call girl in Gurgaon for sexual enjoyment with you .You can call us and booked me for enjoy with me for night life Mobile 8800642671.
Life is too short to ever be pitiful. Make it event and cheerful Dubai Pakistani Call Girl. You can make your life event and empowering againby coming to somebody adorable, sensible paki escorts dubai and wonderful to give your life an exceptionally stunning turn. You will be exceptionally entranced with the vicinity of one of the expert yet beautiful and sensible free in Dubai.
I recently found many useful information in your website especially this blog page. Among the lots of comments on your articles. Thanks for sharing. rideshare service
in uaewith new listings posted daily, including pics, prices, reviews and extra search filters. Agency provide High Class girls service and provide real
pleasure so never be late contact us never be feel shy. A completely stunningly wonderful and a world class package of hotness and sensuality, extremely
We are provide the call girls and Out-call Escort mumbai Services. first time in Mumbai city for visiting and need help to know about the city Private meetings. http://www.hotkiran.co.in
fizza Hasmi from Noida , I am independent female escorts service in Noida , here is the best hot escorts gallery girls
thank u for sharing such a useful information... if u want to promote your business than plzz have a look..
We are a well established Escort Agency in Dubai, which is proved by our excellent reputation above other escort agencies,Filipino Escort In Dubai,Dubai Indian Escort Service,pakistani Escort Agency In Dubai,Turkish Model Escorts,chinese Vip Independent Dubai Escort,Russian Call Girls Escorts,if you give us a call and set up an appointment with one of our lovely beauties!+971551463206
I am a independent female service provider in noida city. Here you will get high class luxary service with me to fulfil your desire
alisha sharma from Noida , I am independent female escorts service in Noida , here is the best hot escorts gallery girls
haye guyse I can think about you, may be you are looking for a female service with you in this city. I will offer you for this kind of assist at cheap rate for hole nightwith luxary
haye my self the best independent model female in ahmadabad escorts service sexy girls, here is vip female escort in ahmadabad escorts hot female
hello friends how are you this great article it so help full for me thanks for share this post i share this information other people by Limo Service
This article gives the light in which we can observe the reality. This is very nice one and gives indepth information. Thanks for this nice article. cruises
Over thinking usually makes man confused. Don't think much over the reservation of ticket, hotel, taxi services and other facts. Just start the journey and enjoy what is waiting for you.
The "must see" travel lists are great for boring guidebooks and listicle-driven magazines, but at Triposo we feel that they fail to capture what travel is really aboutMotorhome rental New Zealand
We're sorry, this page has either moved or no longer exists. Did you type the URL? Please check the address bar, you may have typed a character incorrectly. If you still cannot reach the page please contact us with any website problems you encounter.
It is great to express your personality through clothing. Fashion is all about having fun with your clothing and putting together outfits that express who you are. I put together a look that screams wild child but “put-together” all in the same look! Wanna get wild? Watch the video to find out how to achieve the look!
BLACK HOLE PRODUCTIONS is proud to present the newest band on the label. They are the paulistas from THE BLACK COFFINS. Created at the beginning of 2010, in São Paulo, by Vakka (Vox, ex-Inerthe) and J. Martin (Guitar,...
The ancient Eastern sages made an unusual game in which you have to play. Become a master of Beijing Mahjong!
Tags: dogs in wedding, halloween themed wedding video, Halloween wedding, halloween wedding video, pumpkin wedding, rustic, rustic wedding video, san dego wedding videographer, San Diego Wedding Video, San Marcos Wedding Video, Twin Oaks Garden Estate Wedding, Twin Oaks Garden Estate wedding video, Twin Oaks Wedding Video, Vintage, Wedding Video
Scientific and technical monitoring program at the European Station for Time-Series in the OCean -ESTOC-
The autonomous underwater glider for ocean observation under the name of P201, has been put into operation today, Friday February 15, 2013, off the East coast of Gran Canaria island, heading the European Station for Time-Series in the OCean (ESTOC), located 60 miles off Northwards Canary Islands.
The mission provides operational, scientific and technical support to the permanent seasonal observations program in the area, as part of the Macaronesian marine monitoring (R3M) strategy, and regional contribution to international ocean observing programs like EMSO, ICOS and OceanSITES, that in Canary Islands are carried out at ESTOC as reference ocean observatory. ESTOC is serviced and managed nowadays by PLOCAN, and has users with interests in science, technology and training such as the Canary Islands Institute of Marine Sciences (ICCM) and the University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria (ULPGC), among others.
The glider will perform continuous measurements of temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, chlorophyll, turbidity, etc., up to 1000 meters depth through the water column. Such information, using a satellite telemetry link, will be sent to a control center in land after each dive.
This is the best Badoo Meet New People guide apps. This will teach you how to get full access with Badoo apps.
Badoo Meet New People apps has features such as to send messages and calls (video/voice), send and share photos, and enjoy to chat with anime sticker at no cost to you to stay connected with family and friends in other countries easily. This a unified communications application for all built-in text messaging without charge.
This application will lets you install "Badoo Meet New People" on android, invite your friends to chat, make video and voice calls, make your group chat, and review apps setting You can browse best guides for start using Badoo from this app.
Booking Sheet | Contact Form | Address & Map | Standard Operating Procedures | Anonymous Safety Reporting | People & Places
© 2018 Langley Flying School, Inc. The content of this website is protected by copyright and reproduction in whole or in part is only authorized with the written consent of Alex Zhang, President and CEO, Langley Flying School.
Francis Deblauwe of Word Face-Off (“Comparing the evolution in internet-popularity of words and phrases”) has had the excellent idea of comparing the popularity of multilingual synonyms in multilingual countries in this post, “Library vs. Bibliothèque vs. Bibliotheek vs. Bibliothek in Canada, Belgium and Switzerland.” A sample finding:
In Canada, approximately 75% of the population speaks English and 25% French. When doing a Google Insights for Search test for the same word in both languages, limited geographically to internet users from Canada, one would expect to see proportional Google-popularity. For instance, we would expect to find library and bibliothèque in a 75%/25% proportion. Instead, the actual overall proportion (2004-present) was 94%/6%. Odd! However, the second test with bookstore/bookshop and librairie came out with a perfect 75%/25% split. I would guess that this inconsistency might have something to do with a too limited data set for Google searches in Canada, rather than a cultural distinction…
2.French is the preferred language of 21.5% of the Canadian population (Wikipedia), not 25%. Francophones may well tend to do many English searches, while Anglophones, one would think, do relatively fewer French searches.
3.Searches that include “library” and “bibliothèque” are going to include many searches for specific libraries, like the Vancouver Library, while perhaps searches for “libraire” and “bookstore” include more generic searches for things like “bookstore Vancouver” rather than specific stores. So it’s a different type of search that yields a different result. IOW, Anglophones and Francophones are equally likely to search for a bookstore in their native language, accounting for the expected 75/25 ratio. But many Francophones search for English-named libraries, causing a 90/10 skew in that pair.
4. There’s a significant wage gap in Canada between Anglophones and Francophones, which reflects differences in educational levels. This obviously will influence search patterns as well.
The Swiss graph for Buchhandlung would probably look less skewed if he’d take Buchladen as a synonym.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002
My name is Steve Dodson; I'm a retired copyeditor currently living in western Massachusetts after many years in New York City.
If your preferred feed is Twitter, you can follow @languagehat to get links to new posts here as they appear.
And you can support my book habit without even spending money on me by following my Amazon links to do your shopping (if, of course, you like shopping on Amazon); I get a small percentage of every dollar spent while someone is following my referral links, and every month I get a gift certificate that allows me to buy a few books (or, if someone has bought a big-ticket item, even more). You will not only get your purchases, you will get my blessings and a karmic boost!
"Evidence that the internet is not as idiotic as it often looks. This site is called Language Hat and it deals with many issues of a linguistic flavor. It's a beacon of attentiveness and crisp thinking, and an excellent substitute for the daily news."
All comments are copyright their original posters. Only messages signed "languagehat" are property of and attributable to languagehat.com. All other messages and opinions expressed herein are those of the author and do not necessarily state or reflect those of languagehat.com. Languagehat.com does not endorse any potential defamatory opinions of readers, and readers should post opinions regarding third parties at their own risk. Languagehat.com reserves the right to alter or delete any questionable material posted on this site.
Election Commissioner Mahinda Deshapriya officially declared Maithripala Sirisena as the new President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka a short while ago.
Making the official declaration in terms of the powers vested in him by the Constitution, Deshapriya said that Mr. Sirisena obtained a majority of 51.28% votes, and is therefore the new President of the country. Addressing the media and the candidates, at the Elections Department, he thanked the outgoing President for ensuring a peaceful election and a transfer of power thereafter.
Mr. Maithripala Sirisena is to be sworn in this evening as the new President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, leader of the Opposition Ranil Wickremesinghe said.
Speaking at a media briefing, Wickremesinghe said that he met with President Mahinda Rajapaksa early this morning, and the President had conceded his defeat. He also said that President Rajapaksa had spoken to Mr. Sirisena and spoken of a smooth transition of power.
Mr. Wickremesinghe urged all parties to not to partake in any act of violence, and said that he had spoken to the Inspector General of Police, and requested to take stern action against any individual who was found guilty of breaking the law. “There can be no revenge or vengeance. The law should and will be strictly enforced against any person who indulges in any act of violence” he said.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa phoned Maithripala Sirisena early this morning and congratulated him on his impending victory and inquired from the Common Candidate when he would assume duties, Presidential Spokesman Mohan Samaranayake said.
Karina White goes in for a massage where the guy is cute and she lets his hands wander all over her nude body. Soon she is turned on and getting very wet.
Sex on the massage table is now a given. Karina White spreads her legs and soon he is fucking her deep and hard. It’s safe to say the massage is now over…
While all care has been taken in making available and maintaining the Currency Conversion Rates displayed on this site, such conversion rates are estimates only of currency conversions that may apply to a transaction. These rates are provided for information purposes only without express or implied warranty. The Currency Conversion Rates should not be relied upon as actual currency conversion rates that may be applied to any particular transaction as such rates will frequently fluctuate over time and vary between various financial providers. All orders will be charged in £GBP.
Our site is optimised for a screen resolution width of 1280 pixels which accounts for 87.84% of our website visitors screen displays over the last year.
If you need real time assistance and the online help icon is indicating we are available for live chat service, click to start a chat with one of our friendly staff! Full contact details, including our address can be seen at the bottom of each page
for your convenience, we have placed two cart buttons on each product page, one is located at the top of the listing on the right hand side and the other is at the bottom of the listing on the right hand side. If you cannot see them, it may be that your screen resolution is smaller than our website, please scroll to the right to see them.
You will need one to place orders online unless you use your PayPal account, however, if that is not convenient, you can post a Cheque/Bankers Draft/Building Society Cheque or Postal order payable to Karlu Ltd for the full amount. Just go through part way the checkout process online to see your total order value including shipping. Don't forget to tell what you want and where you want us to send it to when you order in this fashion.
Ordering online at karlu.com is safe because we use 256-bit encryption technology, (higher than the industry-standard 128-bit) when processing any of your personal information. This technology begins by utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption/security protocol. SSL encrypts the transmissions from your computer and Karlu's servers. Simply put, the transmission from servers server forms a matched pair (much like a lock and key) with the transmission from your computer so that only data to and from these sources can be valid. Therefore, no outside sources can view your information. .Your protection is our number one priority! The karlu Photographic online store has been verified by the world-renowned leader in the security business — Thawte™, our digital certificate and SSL provider. Just look for the Thawte symbol on our Web site to verify our certificate ID (bottom left of each page).
Yes, using your credit card at Karlu is safe because we have industry-standard secure-server technology to encrypt all information gathered from our customers at the time of provision and purchase. This means that the information is encoded and unreadable while it travels to either HSBC or PayPal's servers. In fact, using your credit card at our online shopping site is considered far safer than using it at a Restaurant or Petrol Station.
By giving us your email address, we can send you updates to your order and a Tracking link to the UPS system, so you can follow your parcel through it's journey to you. We ask for a vaild telephone number, so we may contact you if there is a problem, some UPS drivers will also call you if they cannot find you.
We REALLY want you to be our next customer, that is why we offer YOU a price match promise. Please note, our website states a price that INCLUDES VAT. We have noticed many sites that try to appear cheaper by excluding VAT from their online screen price. They then require the shopper to REGISTER first, then, at the point of payment, they add on VAT. Please check this before requesting a price match. We do have to validate all price matches before proceeding, so it saves time if you could please check first. Please also note, we cannot DOWNGRADE to a postal service level less than UPS Courier Next Day Delivery - or equivalent. Full Price Promise details can be found on the link at the bottom of this page
When you first create an account with PayPal , your account is limited to a total transaction value of £300 until you verify that you are who you say you are, if your order is higher than this value, PayPal will not authorise the transaction . This is for your and our security to combat Online Fraud.
You can see how we are doing with your order at any time by logging into your account and selecting your order, if we have already shipped it, click on the tracking link for a precise up to date location of your parcel in the UPS system
When you wish to place an order online, our site requires that you create an "Account". This means that:
Because we have all this information on file, we can locate your order faster, for order tracking, queries or Warranty information.
Means that you do not have fill out your address information each time you wish to place an order with us.
Means that you can always download a copy Invoice from your account, should you lose the original and require a new one one for Tax or Warranty issues.
Means that you can always stay abreast of our latest news (if you signed up for the newsletter feature).
In general we do not have more information than what is on our web pages (with the exception of Colorama paper Catalogues - call if you would like one of these). We pride ourselves on keeping our website current and adding more information as it becomes available. However, we do have staff that have used the majority of the equipment on this website and would be more than happy to talk you through any questions. Occasionally we receive product literature from the manufacturers to promote the products and will send those with orders if we think you may be interested in the product based on your past purchases.
Our website is continually changing, new products constantly being added and prices changing on a daily basis, this makes a Catalogue impractical.
Our suppliers do have products that are not available on our website, we would be more than happy to competitively source these for you. Please call us with details.
I bought a product from you but don't know how to put it together or put it down - do you have any guides?
We have a "Guides and Brochures" section that is rapidly expanding, please check there first - link is at the bottom of this page
We have an attached working Studio where a large amount of our products can be seen in action and you are welcome to try them out (appointment needed), however, not all our products are available to view, we have over 4000 products available online, so this would be impractical for us. In the case of Background Curtains, we are happy to open one up for you, however, due to their size (3m x 6m) we have to limit this to one curtain - let us know which one beforehand.
Our orders are sent out with Interlink "Next Working Day" service and delivery costs are calculated upon the weight and the volumetric size of the goods in your basket together with the destination. Generally speaking, on the UK Mainland, a small item will cost £2.50 (these are sent via Royal Mail), larger items (such as lighting kits) £5.99, a single full width Paper Roll £9.99 and multiple Paper Rolls £14.99.
We do ship to BFPO addresses, however delivery to the London BFPO Sorting Office takes longer (Royal Mail), once the order is within the BFPO system, we have no control over delivery times or damage (If you are on a RN Ship and the Post Bag takes 3 months to get to you or gets lost overboard on a RAS, we cannot take responsibility.
At the time you place your order, we are unable to guage what time your goods will arrive, Interlink deliver between 08:00-15:00hrs and the time will depend whereabouts you are physically located on the driver's round. They will send you an email on the morning of delivery to give you a one hour slot when they will arrive - saves you having to hang around all day!
We offer several Timed services, Standard Delivery is normall "next working day" Pre-12:00 and Saturday AM. These services where available are shown at checkout.
Yes you can specify any day Monday - Friday (other than the day you order), simply leave a message for us in the comments box during checkout.
Interlink will leave a calling card to let you know that they attempted delivery, occasionally they will try and leave the parcel with a neighbour. You should call the number provided on the calling card to discuss re-delivery
Of course you can, we would love to see you! However, before making a journey, please call us to check stock availability.
We hope that all our customers enjoy the products they buy from us from us, however, we understand that not everybody will like everything or may change their mind etc etc. Provided that you return the goods to us within 7 days, we will be happy to provide a refund for them, there are conditions on this, please see our returns policy at the bottom of this page for a full description of of the procedure.
Return Postage is your responsibility to pay unless the product is defective. Unfortunately we cannot arrange for goods to be picked up on your behalf.
Please call us on 01787 312200 to discuss the problem, some faults can be resolved without the need to send the goods away, others, we will help with where we can.
Stay N Play Packages are also available. These packages are based on 2 people staying in a room. Double occupancy only.
Included in package, PER DAY: One night of lodging, one round of golf with cart, range balls, complimentary club cleaning and storage, $10 food voucher to Legends Bar & Grill.
Prices include cart fee. Must have driver's license to drive a cart. Guests must make their tee times with the cottage office for these rates to apply. You will receive a golf voucher to present to the pro shop upon check in.
Collaboratively administrate empowered markets via plug-and-play networks. Dynamically procrastinate B2C users after installed base benefits. Dramatically visualize customer directed convergence without revolutionary.
Completely synergize resource sucking relationships via premier niche markets. Professionally cultivate one-to-one customer service with robust ideas. Dynamically innovate resource-leveling customer service for state of the art customer service. Objectively innovate empowered manufactured products whereas parallel platforms. Holisticly predominate extensible testing procedures for reliable supply chains. Dramatically engage top-line web services vis-a-vis cutting-edge deliverables.
In consideration of the values of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity that are sustained all over the world by the recognition of the spiritual nature or intrinsic dignity of each member of the human commune;
Whereas ignorance and unconsciousness in the face of the importance of Spiritual Rights has originated outrageous acts to the highest aspirations of the human being such as the Purpose of the advent of a world of peace, justice, education and ecology, where peoples are liberated and awakened versus all kinds of oppression;
Considering it is essential that the Spiritual Rights are protected by society through a new order of Right that rebels against tyranny and oppression of materialistic Power in order to be at the service of those who suffer;
Whereas it is essential for the survival and evolution of humanity the fact of promoting the development of reconciliation among the peoples of the world, by reaffirming the commitment to the Spiritual Rights of human being and the Earth in order to promote social progress, by raising Liberty, Equality and Fraternity within a broader level of consciousness;
Considering that the majority of States had signed declarations, pacts and covenants in order to respect human rights, but simultaneously have failed in the effective compliance with the fundamental Liberty of human being and in caring the Mother Earth;
Whereas a spiritual conception is crucial for the full commitment to these rights, freedoms and responsibilities;
The World Association of Buddhism and the Buddhist Tribunal on Human Rights proclaim this UNIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS as the ideal or value to which all the peoples should aim, in order that both the individual and society be inspired, by promoting respect and the teaching of these freedoms and Spiritual Rights and by ensuring revolutionary actions for their effective implementation at international level.
By being the unification of different ethical and spiritual traditions, the Maitriyana movement is committed to the creation and defence of a Universal Declaration of Spiritual Rights, so there is not only an ethical commitment with the human rights but also with the rights of animals and Earth. This implementation of the principles of the Middle Way is a commitment to the basic unity underlying all the differences between human beings, by recognizing the spiritual nature that is intrinsic to both humanity and the field of life. Therefore, the Buddhist Spirituality criticizes the inhuman treatment received by many peoples and many species of animals. Definitively, if the civilization continues attacking the world it will be nothing but a cancer that needs to be extirpated from the body of the Earth. Thus, the Maitriyana is a spiritual tradition that practices four metapolitical values: work for peace, fight for justice, support human rights and protect the planet.
The Free and Enlightened Being confirms and transmits spiritual values in order that everyone increase their development of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity, recognizing the importance of true democracy and the rights of each being within the field of existence. Certainly, the interconnection and interdependence between every people shows that the spiritual values of unity and reconciliation are crucial for the survival and evolution of humanity and the Earth. Therefore, the Buddhist Spirituality is a movement working in pursuit of a global ethical order that reflects the spiritual values that have emerged in various world traditions. However, the Maitriyana affirms that such a global ethical order can only be built on the basis of a Universal Declaration of Spiritual Rights, establishing ethical principles and righteous rules that allow the peoples to act by compassionate wisdom. In addition, this global ethical order presented by the Buddhist Spirituality requires a criticism open to the metaphysical and materialistic movements that have governed society for thousands of years, by achieving a broad consensus on that the Cure of the major evils of the world must urgently be achieved. This common goal is the ethical framework that can properly unite the whole humanity under the same flag: the quest for the Liberation of all beings. In this sense, the Universal Declaration of Spiritual Rights driven by the Maitriyana develops the best aspects of all the ethical traditions of history, allowing the maximum of self-realization and self-transcendence of each person. Consequently, the Buddhist Spirituality teaches how to build a Pure Earth or Kingdom of Righteousness, by showing the Spiritual Rights and ethical responsibilities which every individual must have in order to live in dignity and to be able to build a better world.
The Universal Declaration of Spiritual Rights is the very evolution of the concept of human rights, but simultaneously affirming and supporting the animal rights in conjunction with the ethical responsibility to protect and care for Mother Earth. Thus, the following fundamental premises are established as ethical lineament or cosmocentric commitment to the community and the entire world.
1. Every human being must respect his spiritual nature, which is Liberty, so that any institution or nation should protect this intrinsic dignity of humanity.
2. Every human being should try to avoid evil, do the good and purify the mind, assuming the principle of the intrinsic dignity with the practice of love the fellowbeing as oneself.
3. Every human being must act consciously, at the same time the communities and countries must encourage this essential skill, because it is the main distinction of humanity in relation to other living beings.
4. Every human being must contribute to the welfare of his community and the whole world, respecting the Truth and rights of everyone else.
5. Every human being must keep a relationship of love and harmony with other beings, ecosystems, the Earth and Cosmos, because one definitely interexists with the Totality.
6. Every human being must respect the beliefs of others, keeping a critical but respectful dialogue in order to decipher the ultimate meaning of life.
The following principles are a synthesis between the Tenth Noble Path taught by Siddhartha Gautama and the conventional Human Rights established by the UN, thus shaping an unprecedented Universal Declaration of Spiritual Rights created by the Maitriyana. The Buddhist Spirituality shows that any human being can reach the Path of Awakening as long as he is commited to ethical or appropriate practice, by overcoming psychical obstacles which implies being responsible for thoughts, attitudes and actions. However, society and governments must also establish a commitment to compliance with the Spiritual Rights as necessary conditions in order that all human beings achieve the Cure from suffering. These Spiritual Rights are the ingredients for the fulfillment of the Great Purpose of Maitriyana, by practicing a series of ethical or appropriate factors that have the potential to transform the inner and outer world by evaporating attachment, hatred and delusion. In fact, when these ten Spiritual Rights are practiced, the very evolution of humankind occurs through the Awakening.
1 - Right to Appropriate Understanding: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to freely develop thinking through an Appropriate Understanding about the origin of the life's suffering and how to achieve its the Cure, exercising the consciousness and righteous vision to go beyond the beliefs imposed by cultures, governments and religions.
2 - Right to Appropriate Attitude: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to be treated equally, recognizing his inherent dignity, so that the community should respect the individual through a righteous intention that evidences openness, renouncement and benevolence.
3 – Right to Appropriate Discourse: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to receive truthful discourses and useful information, valuing the Truth and honesty, so that the community should take care of the transmission of freedom of expression through the righteous word.
4 – Right to Appropriate Action: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to participate in the process of decision making that affect both his life and that of others, appreciating the importance of fraternity, direct democracy and popular self-determination, so the State must provide an opportunity of social relations lacking of violence, corruption, prostitution, concealment and drug trafficking.
5 – Right to Appropriate Lifestyle: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to develop his existential talent or vocation in company, having the civil right to have partner and children provided there is a commitment to the Good of the other, so the peoples must provide opportunities for growth to anyone who wants to contribute in leaving a legacy of righteousness for the future generations.
6 – Right to Appropriate Effort: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to access to work and rest, being rewarded for his persistence and determination in the right way of earning a living, so that society must allow the private property but simultaneously must redistribute income in pursuit of the benefit of the majority.
7 – Right to Appropriate Concentration: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to maintain his consciousness focused in a Purpose, by practicing a righteous meditation on the meaning of existence, so that the community has the obligation to contribute by providing educational means to achieve this end to all human beings.
8 – Right to Appropriate Attention: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to perceive the Real and live a life of peace by practicing an equanimous Mindfulness on the mind and then transfer it to the social and planetary level, so that society must vigorously avoid violence and simultaneously cultivate the necessary basis for psychic reconciliation, social justice, compassionate wisdom and ecological harmony.
9 – Right to Appropriate Knowledge: Every human being has the Spiritual right to have a righteous and detached knowing, by understanding Truth in the here and now, so the world must provide welfare and integrity to all beings after knowing the values of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.
10 - Right to Appropriate Liberation: Every human being has the Spiritual Right to have a righteous Awakening, reaching self-realization and self-transcendence after appreciate the process of ethically dropping the attachments and aversions to objects and ideas, so humanity must tend towards Openness, Salvation and Evolution in order to survive and develop correctly.
พนัน บอล Tottenham Hotspur failed to sign a single new player during the summer, but they could be active in the January transfer window with reports suggesting that Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino wants to add depth to his squad.
Spurs chairman Daniel Levy assured the fans that the new stadium plan won’t affect Pochettino’s transfer plans. And according to The Express, the Spurs boss Pochettino could sign three players in the January transfer window, taking the total spending spree to £100 million or over.
The report claims that three players are now on Spurs’ wishlist for January. West Brom forward Oliver พนัน บอล Burke has been scouted recently, while the club retain strong interest in Lyon midfielder Tanguy Ndombele and Manchester United defender Eric Bailly.
West Brom paid £15 million for Burke and they won’t let him go on cheap. Bailly has struggled under Jose Mourinho at Old Trafford and United could ask for £30 million for him.
Ndombele would cost big money but he would be an พนัน บอล exciting signing for the club. The 21-year-old is a terrific young talent, and would add significant quality to the Spurs squad.
stars diet secrets weight loss plan for women over 40 | celebrity diet secrets to lose weight fast womenrkout for women over 40 to lose weight
Regret dumping that extra teaspoon of sugar into your overnight oats? Undoing the damage can be as simple as sprinkling some cinnamon in! This warm spice may help reduce high blood sugar levels associated with sugar consumption as well as prevent pesky insulin spikes. One study even found that the oatmeal topper can help reduce your risk for diabetes and heart disease. Weight Gain After 40
Everybody seemed to want to tell their younger self that the person they’re agonizing over and waiting on will almost certainly not be The One. If someone is giving you the run around, it’s because they’re not moving towards you. Let them go, and concentrate on yourself. It’s easy to get caught up in the drama of it, but if someone is making you feel small, unimportant, or messing with your head, they’re demanding too much from you and not giving back. DUMP HIM. OR HER.
Skimping on sleep can derail your metabolism. In a study at the University of Chicago, people who got four hours of sleep or less a night had more difficulty processing carbohydrates. "When you're exhausted, your body lacks the energy to do its normal day-to-day functions, which include burning calories, so your metabolism is automatically lowered," explains Peeke.
Bollywood Beautiful Queen Madhuri Dixit comes at number 7. She hold top position in several “most beautiful Indian women” lists. With charming smile, brilliant acting and exceptional dance moves has, Dixit has ruled Bollywood like no one else. Dixit has received 6 Filmfare Awards, and has been nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress a record 14 times. She was awarded the Padma Shri, India’s fourth-highest civilian award, by the Government of India in 2008.
Kourtney’s not the only Kardashian who’s been a devotee to the low-carb lifestyle. Kim has jumped on the bandwagon, too, and, according to a story published in June 2016 in People, reportedly lost 60 pounds (lbs) after having her son, Saint, while on the Atkins 40 diet. Atkins 40 is a version of the Atkins diet designed for people with less than 40 lbs to lose, and has been around since the 1970s. Atkins is essentially the original keto diet and involves a very limited intake of carbs and high amounts of fat. The main difference is that on the Atkins diet you’ll slowly reintroduce carbs, so ketosis likely will only come into play during phase 1.
I do not recommend skipping meals altogether, as the resulting hunger pangs may lead to overeating — and going without eating for extended periods of time decreases muscle mass. Instead, I advise my patients to swap out some meals throughout the week for a high protein smoothie. The protein content keeps you feeling full, protects your muscles, and encourages your body to burn off stored fat for energy. If you have a significant amount of weight to lose, plan for one all-smoothie day per week, and then substitute your breakfast or lunch for smoothies throughout the rest of the week. When selecting a protein powder, be sure to pick one that is unsweetened, contains less than 120 calories per serving, and contains around 20 grams of protein per serving. I have found that a whey and casein mix works well for weight loss, as whey protein reaches your muscles quickly, guarding against muscle loss, and casein digests slowly over the course of several hours, prolonging the feeling of satiety.
Christine Taylor is probably better known as Marcia Brady. That’s right; your 90s teen crush is now 46. But with her bouncy blonde hair and blue eyes, she is still as stunning as she ever was. The mother of two and ex-wife of Ben Stiller starred in Zoolander, The Wedding Singer and Dodgeball. She also appeared on Saved By The Bell and Arrested Development.
Aim for a breakfast that has plenty of high-fiber carbs: When researchers at the University of Sydney in Australia compared the effects of high-fat and high-fiber-carbohydrate breakfasts, they discovered that people who ate the fatty meal got hungry sooner afterward. "High-fiber carbohydrates take longer for your body to digest and absorb than fats; thus they don't cause rapid changes in your blood sugar, so your hunger is kept at bay longer," says study coauthor Susanna Holt, Ph.D. Some good choices: a bran-rich breakfast cereal with low-fat milk; whole-grain toast topped with low-fat ricotta and sliced banana or berries; an egg-white veggie omelette with whole-grain toast.
Studies conducted at The Nutrition Institute at the University of Tennessee suggest that consuming calcium—which milk has plenty of—may help your body metabolize fat more efficiently. Other studies have shown that increased calcium intake from dairy products (though not from supplemental calcium carbonate) caused study participants to poop out more fat as opposed to it sticking around on the body. See more of our picks for the 20 Best Full-Fat Foods for Weight Loss! 10 Ways For Women to Lose Belly Fat After Menopause
Remember when you were 23 years-old and wouldn’t even dream of spending your coveted cash on letting someone else mow your lawn, wash your car, or paint your living room? Try tapping into that scrappy, resourceful inner you a bit more and you’ll wind up torching calories. For example, a 150-pound person will burn around 200 calories if they wash and wax their car for 40 minutes. For more ways to avoid weight gain at home and to burn more calories, check out these 12 Ways Your Home is Making You Fat! 6 All-Natural Tips To Optimize Your 'OVER 40' Hormones for FASTER Fat Loss
With her flowing, untamed blonde locks, piercing blue eyes and perfectly defined cheekbones, Michelle Pfeiffer is truly genetically blessed. Known for her tendency to portray strong women with intense sex appeal, the 60-year old is credited as one of the most talented actresses of her generation. She has received countless accolades and awards and is universally recognised as one of the most beautiful women of all time. What is the Best Rep Range to Build Muscle Over 40?
Why? Because muscle doesn’t actually burn that many more calories than fat. “Previous data suggests about six calories per pound of muscle, versus two calories per pound of fat mass,” says Sharp. “When you do the calculations, it's not a significant amount of calories.” [AGAIN, WOULD LOVE IF WE COULD STRIKE A MORE OPTIMISTIC TONE HERE SINCE THIS REALLY CAN ADD UP OVER TIME AS WE SAY BELOW...DON'T WANT TO MAKE IT SEEM LIKE ALL THESE BENEFITS ARE TOTALLY INSIGNIFICANT] Weight Lost: How This 50-Year-Old Woman Dropped 46 Pounds | Good health 24h
What you drink is just as important as what you’re eating when it comes to weight loss. A 2016 study published in the Journal of Nutrition and Dietetics reveals that well-hydrated people ate up to 206 fewer calories each day than those who skimped on the H20. For middle-aged women, staying hydrated can have particularly profound effects; drinking ice water is a recommended solution for battling the hot flashes that often accompany menopause. For more ways to hydrate and shed those unwanted pounds, add the 22 Best Teas For Weight Loss to your lineup. Best Exercise For Women Over 50! - 2018 - fabulous50s
You already know to keep calories and fat in check, but you'll fan the flames of your metabolism by putting another nutrient on your radar: protein, the building block of lean muscle mass. Each time you eat a protein-rich food—say, a piece of fish or cheese—your body goes to work, breaking it down into smaller particles called amino acids. "The amino acids enter your bloodstream and are then absorbed by your muscle tissues and other cells," says Douglas Paddon-Jones, PhD, director of exercise studies at the University of Texas Medical Branch. "Once the amino acids end up in your muscles, your body starts putting them back together—sort of like Legos—into your muscle tissue." This is called muscle-protein synthesis, and it's the process your body uses to build and maintain muscle mass.
3. Keep a food journal or use an app to track what you eat. As we get older, our metabolisms naturally slow down. That means you need less food. If you’re still eating as much as you did in your 30’s, you’ve probably had to buy a whole new wardrobe or 2 by now. Apps like “My Fitness Pal” or “Lose It” help making weight loss goals easier by keeping you on track. Or you can go old school and write everything down then look up the calories. Not all calories are created equal, but one is for sure, taking in more than you burn leads to more body fat. Yoga for People Over 40, 50, and 60 - A Routine You Can Do From Home
According to holistic health coach Seth Santoro, a key element of your strategy for getting fighting fit at 40 is to increase cardio workouts, and to do them in a fasted state. “Hit the gym and do some treadmill sprints on an empty stomach to burn fat,” he says. “Your body is already in a calorie deficit, and it will ignite its fat-burning ability.” Glycogen levels are depleted during sleep, so your body will utilize a greater percentage of your body fat as an energy source.
Difficulty on a Scale of 1 (I Feel Great!) to 10 (It Ruined My Life!): 3. The drink didn’t make me feel instantly Paltrow’ed, but it also didn’t make me feel actively bad. If I were someone who didn’t love/cherish breakfast, I could see myself making hot lemon water a routine. Since I do love/cherish breakfast, I’ll sip a cup on those afternoons I’m compelled to eat Cheez-Its recreationally. One Tip every woman over 40 needs to know to lose weight permanently
Buying organic fruits and veggies might cost a little bit more, but it's worth it for your waistline. Researchers in Canada found those with the most organochlorines — AKA pollutants found in pesticides that are stored in fat cells — are more likely to experience a halt in metabolism opposed to those who eat pesticide-free organic produce. To avoid letting what you eat get in the way of burning more calories, try to at least buy organic produce when it comes to the Environmental Working Group's "Dirty Dozen": strawberries, spinach, nectarines, apples, peaches, pears, cherries, grapes, celery, tomatoes, sweet bell peppers, and potatoes.
Boosting metabolism is the holy grail of weight watchers everywhere, but how fast your body burns calories depends on several things. Some people inherit a speedy metabolism. Men tend to burn more calories than women, even while resting. And for most people, metabolism slows steadily after age 40. Although you can't control your age, gender, or genetics, there are other ways to improve your metabolism. Here are 10 of them.
It’s like butter that grows on trees. But instead of the cholesterol, trans fats, and saturated fats in real butter, avocado contains metabolism-enhancing monounsaturated fat. And that’s not all. Each creamy fruit is also packed with fiber and free-radical-killing antioxidants. Free radicals are destructive rogue oxygen molecules—natural byproducts of metabolism—that trigger various chain reactions in the body that destroy cells and DNA, causing all kinds of health problems. Antioxidants in fresh fruits and vegetables can help neutralize some free radicals, but they can’t reach the mitochondria—the base camp for the free radical army—and that’s a problem. When your mitochondria aren’t working properly, your metabolism runs less efficiently. Enter: Avocado. New research conducted in Mexico found that monounsaturated-rich oil pressed from the fruit can help mitochondria become more resilient. Researchers say the results jive with low-disease rates in Mediterranean countries where olive oil—nutritionally similar to the avocado—is a diet staple.
So I resolve to be sane and good to myself and I formulate another plan: I will try and make exercise a priority. I will keep eating lots of fresh fruits and vegetables. I will strive to eat when I'm hungry and stop when I'm full. I will choose foods that make me feel the best, physically and mentally, and avoid the ones that don't (read: My Number One Trick For Eating Right). I will enjoy the foods that life has to offer, including but not limited to crusty, home baked bread and a scoop of mint chocolate chip on a hot day. I will occasionally overdo it, but won't beat myself up. I'll stop wishing for the metabolism of a 25-year-old and start feeling grateful for the rich, full life of a 43-year-old.
Another gluten-free grain, quinoa is loaded with protein as well as all nine essential amino acids that we need for energy and growth. What’s more, “Whole grains give us fiber, which is key to helping digestion and satiety,” Carrillo explains. “They allow you to stay satisfied for longer. Whole grains prevent the rise in blood sugar as well and help to regulate blood sugar. They also work to reduce cholesterol, which is heart healthy.”
Sleeping in a cool room seems to increase people’s percentages of brown fat — a type of fat that acts more like muscle — according to a 2014 study conducted by Celi and colleagues at the National Institutes of Health. The research involved five male volunteers, who slept in climate-controlled rooms with only light pajamas and bedsheets, for several months. After four weeks of 66-degree nights, they’d nearly doubled their amounts of brown fat, and were also burning a few more calories throughout their days.
"Protein burns more calories than carbs and fat,” says Bustillo. About 30 percent of the calories in protein will go towards digestion and absorption, whereas that number is only about 10 percent for carbs, and even less for fats. Fiber's another nutrient that costs a little more energy, says Bustillo—so, getting adequate protein and fiber can definitely help maximize your BMR. [WE MIGHT WANT TO LEAD WITH THIS, AND THEN EXPLAIN IT, SO THAT THE READER IS GETTING THE POINT WE'RE TRYING TO MAKE MORE CLEARLY: PROTEIN AND FIBER ARE GOOD.]
Abel attempted ton of diets … 2 years ago underwent a non emergency aorta valve replacement. Now on a few meds ..blood psi, lipitor etc….put on around 40 lbs and now struggling to get it off while also limiting sodium intake.. any pointers for getting started as a “heart patient” also my be slightly pre diabetic. thanks. ps I think your diet / exercise regimen could be a game changer. 40Ib Weigh Gain after BBL and TUMMY TUCK