When I was 17, I went on a trip with my parents to Paris for a week. Meals we had as a family were typically seafood-filled. However, we also had family friends who happened to be in Paris at the same time.
Until this point I had been completely unwilling to go anywhere near steak (unless it was cooked well done by my late grandfather). When we got to the tiny place our family friends found, I was met with a prix-fix menu consisting of options including who-knows-what and steak frites; steak frites was my only familiar option, so I gave it a try.
Several meals later I was opened up to various meats and other dishes I had previously been so unwilling to try. Any personal restrictions to my diet had been completely removed (or would be within a few years).
As a once picky-ish eater, I now find myself making up for lost time by trying everything (that I’m certain won’t kill me). I’ve left my roots far behind and now venture onward to experience and write about the foods of the world.
As the mother of this contributor and can attest to it’s accuracy. Ellis, you’ve come a long way and hopefully we can take you back to some of thise places like Argentina where you missed out!
Hello! My name is Ellis Koifman. I am a recent graduate who spends free time writing about food, travel, and mental health. Follow my blog to hear about my adventures!
Extent of RFI decorrelation for an antenna pair at different processing bandwidths. The signal is arriving endfire for a maximum projected baseline length. In general, the correlation varies slowly for narrowband channel processing. As the bandwidth increases, the correlations decreases more rapidly. With a dense core on the ngVLA, there will be significant correlation potentially corrupting images without mitigation.
Georgia's 1st-Ever Double Gold Whiskey, Duality is also the world's 1st whiskey to mash, ferment & distill malted rye and malted barley in the same batch.
Duality is the crossroads where the fruit, spice & robustness of rye meet the smoke of a Highland-style single malt.
We foraged over 2 years for a unique, wheated bourbon, then "fiddled" with it for over a year. The result is a marriage of this wheated bourbon & our house-distilled high-malt bourbon.
One of the most unique ryes on the market, a revival of a centuries-old-style made from 100% malted rye (rather than the unmalted rye of most ryes). It's what put us on the map for craft distilling.
The result is a smooth, chocolatey rye that sips smooth & complex, while also making a mean Manhattan & a snappy Sazerac.
A smooth and distinctive silver whiskey, perfect as a substitute for vodka in cocktails and for bourbon in the warmer months.
Crafted in small batches by ultra-filtering a blend of choice, slightly-aged bourbon and other spirits for a cocktail-friendly expression.
The same foraged high-wheat bourbon base as our flagship Fiddler Unison Bourbon, finished on staves of Georgia oak heartwood that our distilling team harvested and hand-charred.
The 45% wheat content is unique for bourbons, leading to a sweet, smooth profile, despite its high proof.
We’ve crafted Druid Hill in the old Irish tradition with 30% unmalted barley and 70% malted barley grown by Loughran Family Malt, a 6th generation family farm in County Louth, Ireland, near Dublin.
Each batch features different barley varietals, yeast strains & finishing techniques so you can taste the immense flavor differences that slight changes in material can make. Each whiskey in the line differs.
A pre-Prohibition-style Apple Brandy crafted entirely from apples provided by North Georgia's Mercier Orchards, rested in white oak casks, and bottled overproof.
The result is an apple-forward expression without the sweet or syrupy aftertaste of many mass-produced brandies.
At 45 ppm phenol content, Tire Fire has the type of peat you find in Islay-style single malts. Distilled from 100% heavily peated malt from Inverness, Scotland, we then mature Tire Fire in new, charred oak.
For those who share their breakfast with bears, who hydrate with tankards of seawater, who like all the peat a single dram can hold.
A unique take on America's native spirit, we reduced the corn (which can clock in as high as 85% in traditional bourbons) in favor of flavorful smoked malts and distilled this with the grains in.
Mashed, distilled, matured, finished & bottled entirely in-house on our traditional, Scottish-style twin copper pot stills.
By completing this form, you are signing up to receive our marketing emails and can unsubsubscribe at any time
I have been installing and testing the alphas and betas of VL6 SOHO, and I installed Kobo Deluxe on my current installation of Beta 1. Problem is that my fiance has made it through all 50 levels. When the next Beta, or the final release of VL6 SOHO comes out, I will be doing a clean install. Is there any way I can find the files where Kobo Deluxe stores the profiles and settings and back them up to a flashdrive, and then import them to the new installation so we can keep all of our levels in the game unlocked? I have no idea what files I need to back up, or if it can even be done that way. Any help would be appreciated greatly.
stretchedthin, I think you answered the wrong post , but you're so lucky that you're answering to the right person
TLM, I haven't tried it, but I bet you have a ~/.kobo or ~/.kobodl (or something like that) directory. Try to copy it
and then try to put it into another user's home directory (with the same name it had at first). If it works, you can be pretty sure you won't loose the achievements in kobo.
Thanks! Ya, level 50 took my fiance 2 nights to get through. She made it with her last ship and only one hit to spare on the health of it. I will try your method when I install the next release of SOHO and post back here if it works. If not, well at least we tried Thanks again.
I didn't think the answer was correct, so I reinstalled KoboDeluxe to have a look. I should never have built it - I could become addicted all over again...
Anyhow, to answer your question, there are two things you need to preserve. In your (or your fiance's) home directory, you will find a file called .kobodlrc. That file has the game setup. Scores are kept seperately.
For the score files, look in /usr/com/kobo-deluxe/scores. Each individual player gets their own score file, which will be in that directory.
I am pleased to report that toothandnail's instructions for preserving settings and progress in KoboDeluxe has been successful. I just installed VL6 SOHO Beta 2 and I imported the saved kobo files as detailed in toothandnail's post, and when I launch the game, it is exactly like it was on my old installation. All settings and progress has been saved! Thanks for the help!
BateauxdePapier | Bateau De Papier Chanson | Le Bateau De Papier Chanson - Air is a real substance even though you can't see it. The flat sheet of papers falling downwards pushes against the air in its path. The air pushes back ag...
is a CNET "Top 10" downloaded mobile application and has retail distribution worldwide including stores such as circuitcity, BestBuy, CompUSA, Fry's etc. Download now
Do electricity experiment in your computer with it Jhksoft Electricity Lab is a...As a user, you can organize your own circuits using these components. For exampl... Download now
Original capacity is an indication of the battery's storage when it was new. Cur...e window indicate the state of the computer's power manager circuit and the battery or batteries installed. Download now
circuits such as preamplifiers, amplifiers, active filters, passive filters, cro...The programs simplicity of use and speed of execution provide an "electronic ske... Download now
May also be of interest to electricity and physics hobbyists.Program can calculate and render to the realistic 3D view electric circuits. In current version, yo... Download now
Benefits 100 science topics that cover the school curriculum, including: Energy & Forces Light Reflection Colour Electricity circuits Switch... Download now
circuit designers, telecom engineers, and Ham operators have rated it the top el...it's no wonder!<br> Electrist does NEC ampacity look-ups to quickly get w... Download now
your job is to transport passengers around an attractive and realistic city. You...circuit. The game offers twelve different kinds of buses to drive, an expansive ... Download now
The F1 world championship season consists of a series of races, known as Grands Prix, held usually on purpose-built circuits, and in a few cases on closed city ... Download now
com Coupon feed from major merchants including Apple, Bass Pro Shops, circuit city, CompUSA, G.I.Joes, HSN, J&R, Radio Shack, Walmart and more. Privacy tools ... Download now
I stopped at circuit city on my way home but could not find them there either" they would say. After enough of these phone calls, the light finally went on a... Download now
Oppressed people around the world, the battle has begun. Do not despair, help is nigh. Do you realize that this is the Night of Power? What is the Night of Power? It is better than thousands of other nights, it is the destiny, when the heavens are open to receive your prayers thousands fold.
Watch what is happening now in America. Did we hit them with our missiles? No, they came and struck us, 64 hits on Bab Al-Aziziya which is now destroyed, and finally I had to leave my home, where they killed many innnocents. But I will never leave Libya and in this fight, it is either victory or death.
Those of you in United States of America. I am not your leader. If you are in that failed state you should be preparing to leave. Go to Venezuela. If you remain, you must follow my deputy, spiritual leader Minister Louis Farrakhan. Listen to him. He will tell you all you need to know about what is unfolding.
Those of you in Europe, you too should prepare to be drowned in events and calumny. Not enough of you have risen up. You will have to accept the consequences, the good among you should head to Africa. Go to west Africa. North Africa is not safe now that the region is all a battle field. In West Africa you will find homes and good work.
Those of you in Serbia, true friends of Libya, and you are with me. Do not despair of the rat flag on only one house out of one million. All of you can cut pieces of green cloth, measured exactly two by one in dimension, that is your flag, the flag of people's power, of hope, of truth, of the future.
All you in the world who support truth, freedom, Jamahiriya, hang it on millions homes, cars. The green flag is yours and belongs to all the masses of the world. With the dawn of people's authority and the end of governments, we chose the green flag and made its colour and dimension easy for all. Choose any green. Cut it one by two, exactly, and hang it everywhere, carry it with you.
Soon the green flag will fly all over the world, as governments collapse, they failed their people, I alone did more than all of them. They served different masters. They did not intend to serve the people, never. They are owned by others. They do nothing for you. Ignore them and they are gone. Prepare yourselves by forming committees, openly or in secret, set up your local mathabas to meet and share. Chart the way forward. The green flag belongs to you all.
The future is jamahiriya, everywhere. Masses self-governing societies. Basic popular congresses and people's committees. Green committees to guide, defend, expose, call, show the way forward to people's power. It's all there in The Green Book, read it, copy it, share it. Use your own communication systems, don't rely on the enemy. Make your own communications. Take back your resources to your hands, do not be afraid of power, possess it. It is your power, wealth and arms that the governments, banks and militaries stole from you.
You cannot ask others to represent you. You cannot entrust theives with your wealth. You cannot ask others to fight and die on your behalf, to defend you. This your human responsibility, when you do this, the world will be free, organized, jamahiri system, freedom and happiness, abundance of wealth for all.
The era of the governments is coming to an end and they are fighting their last gasp. They are desperate. But they are bankrupt, not only financially speaking, they are bankrupt in morals, religion, education, intellect, ideas, they have no way forward. They are on the stage of collapse. That collapse is good for the world peoples who are suffering because they are not free.
O all good people of the world, know that Islam is not what is being put to you by the ignorant who make a public show of prayer but in reality are serving the devil. Islam is submission to the will of Allah, the One God of all humanity. This is the night of prayer. Your prayers are being answered. You are the Muslims, all those who pray and do not associate partners with Allah.
People of Bosnia, many of you are misguided, Arabs, the useless and weak. The people of Serbia who are Christians and others would be closer to God. There is only one God. That God is with the truth wherever it is found, read Qur'an to know the truth, do not listen to those who would mislead you. If God is with you, who can be against you?
What Sharia are you looking for other than the one which we have since I was the first to bring Quran as the Law of Society in the Jamahiriya. Is it the sharia of injustice? Oppression? Cowardice? Murder? Insanity? Drugs? Is it the sharia that elevates the rat with his gun that allows torture, rape, theft? No! That is not the sharia, ignoring all that is in the Quran.
Prayers are being answered. More than forty armies have gone against me, only because I spoke the truth, because I would not let the thieves pass me into Africa. I have promised Africa I will not betray you. I promise the world, the millions who have me in your hearts, that I am fighting to the finish.
Do not believe their trumpets. Whoever listens to the trumpets is making a mistake. You have your own mathabas to go to for information and to meet and deliberate. Pay no heed to them. By now this should be clear to you. Fire is water, water is fire. Know that the future is yours, governments are finished, a new era of the masses is coming, as predicted in The Green Book.
I hear you. Many of your messages reach to me. I cannot answer you individually but I feel your pain. Some of you were so affected by the lies in the recent days that you even contemplated suicide. No! No never, suicide is not an option, when we are in front of great victory. The costs will be high but we must not waver.
I see you Africans around the world, even in Australia, your pictures reach me. I see you collecting money for helping East Africa. It is the whites who brought these problems and cut us off from helping our brothers and sisters. Thank you for you prayers. But keep your money. Instead use it to fight those oppressors.
Form among you green committees, meet in secret or in open. Proclaim your allegiance to the green charter. Study The Green Book. Register your people's conferences, provide encouragement to others around the world, prepare for future world congress on crimes against humanity, you have six months to prepare.
March next year can be the biggest congress of the people, you can make it happen. Prepare already. Make a web site you must to make it, so all the crimes can be registered. While we fight to defend our nation, you fight on the battle field of truth, for the pen is mightier than the sword.
Some of you arrived to our western border, but had to return. You have families to take care of. Now the way is clear, but NATO will not allow for peace. They fear the example of the Great Jamahiriya. They can destroy our physical achievements but they cannot destroy the truth. The more they try the more we will be victorious, victory is with the people, never with the oppressors.
Thousands of you are waiting at various stations, I see you in Tanzania, in Congo, Ghana, Nigeria, and many other parts of Africa. How will you cross the deserts to Libya. Instead group yourselves where you are. The fight if it is not won in Libya will be coming to you. Prepare for it. Prepare traps for the invaders. You must defend your corners.
African governments are not strong. They control only a few centers of cities. They often provide no services and the people live without them. They will not stand in your way when the time comes. They are poor. They have been robbed by the racists, the colonialists, the white thieves from the north. Oppose them only if they oppose you. Be prepared. Build your mathaba. Defend your continent.
They can attack with their bombs, but we defend with truth. They can never fight us man to man. They are only cowards, sick, demented, hiding behind machines, they can never face the African one to one. African children can defeat any white mercenary, that is why they hide and destroy with hatred from far.
Do not let them use you. Be united. Build your defences for they are coming if they manage to pass Libya. If they destroy Libya then attack them from behind.
Avoid fighting if you can. The enemy wishes us all to be bogged down on their battle fields, that they want to engage us all in war. Afghanistan is now with us, Iraq is with us, Venezuela is with us. We want peace. We want justice. Work for conferences on crimes against humanity, use your mathaba networks, the mathaba are the headquarters of the green committees, go forth, victory is ours!
WGAR News: Nov 27: Stand Up And Be Counted: Fifth Global Call to Action to Stop the Forced Closure of Aboriginal Communities, facebook event
WGAR News: Cashless welfare card could breach right to privacy - human rights committee: Petition update: Kerry Arch, Change.org
WGAR News: "Queen got no right here. This is our Country, under our Tjukurpa Law ..." - Murray George - Sovereign Union Media Release
WGAR News: The best way of subscribing to WGAR News e-newsletters is to go to the 'WGAR News Public Google Group' link and click on 'Join Group'
WGAR News: 6th SNAICC National Conference Communique: 'Over 1,000 people from around Australia gathered in Perth for the 6th SNAICC National Conference'
WGAR News: The Intervention - An Anthology - Time for a National Debate: Nicole Watson interviewed by Donna Campbell on Strong Voices, CAAMA Radio
WGAR News: Petition against Northern Territory's paperless arrest laws reaches 12,000 signatures, to be delivered to Attorney-General: Avani Dias, ABC News
It’s been a while, but we’re finally back! We continue to be amazed at the variety of toys that we’re seeing in this department store beyond time. Being stuck here before the internet age, our bandwidth is severely limited and we’re forced to upload our shows at 300 bits per second. Have no fear, we’re […]
On our last episode, Dave asked if the Stretch Armstrong coloring book was real. It’s real, and even if it wasn’t, I would certainly pretend it was. You couldn’t make up something like this. Enjoy.
﻿ TTS Group ASA: Signing of asset sale agreement – detailed stock exchange announcement - TTS Group ASA
Today, TTS Group ASA (the "Company" or "TTS") has signed an asset sale agreement with MacGregor, a part of Cargotec Oyj, which is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange.
The agreement implies a takeover by MacGregor of all of TTS’ assets except for TTS Group ASA and its subsidiary TTS Syncrolift AS, which will become a cornerstone in the development of the Company after the divestment. The purchase price is MNOK 840, subject to working capital and net debt adjustments at closing, and shall be settled in cash.
"The ships equipment industry is moving towards larger, integrated units with global presence, offering a broader scope of products and services. In order to meet this challenge, a combination of TTS' marine and offshore activities with MacGregor will be an important step in the consolidation process, and is expected to be favorable to all TTS stakeholders in the long term", says TTS Group CEO Toril Eidesvik.
TTS, proposed to be renamed Nekkar ASA, will build its operation around Business Unit Shipyard Solutions with its Syncrolift brand, and additionally seek new investment opportunities building on the heritage of TTS, access to exciting technology and knowledge clusters in Norway, together with a strong and committed management team.
Each future portfolio investment will be targeted to grow by both organic expansion and accretive acquisitions. The ownership can be based on either 100% ownership, majority ownership with majority vote and key rights or have a significant minority stake, normally with a strong shareholder agreement with veto rights in the portfolio companies.
Through industry network, operational focus through active ownership, digitalisation competence and business-building skills – Nekkar has the ability to create value for its shareholders.
An extraordinary general meeting in the Company to approve the transaction and change the Company's name will be called later today and be held on 12 March 2018.
The Board of Directors will propose a significant dividend to the shareholders when the transaction is completed.
The transaction is structured as an asset purchase agreement between the Company as seller and various companies within MacGregor as buyers.
Under the agreement, the Company shall transfer the following business to MacGregor (the "Business"):
Completion of the transaction is conditional on (i) approval by the Company's extraordinary general meeting with two-thirds majority (pre-acceptances from more than 2/3 of the shareholders have already been secured, and bondholders representing more than 2/3 of outstanding convertible bonds have also committed to consent to the transaction in the event that they should convert their bonds to shares prior to the above mentioned extraordinary general meeting) (ii) the transaction being cleared by the competition authorities in Norway, Germany, Austria, South Korea and China on or before 30 September 2018 unconditionally or on conditions which are acceptable to MacGregor. The Company has given warranties which are in line with market practice for similar transactions.
The purchase price is MNOK 840, subject to working capital and net debt adjustments at closing, and shall be settled in cash. Based on 3Q 2017 financials, the transaction will be equivalent to NOK 7.0 per share on an undiluted basis and NOK 6.6 per share on a fully diluted basis.
The transaction is subject to approvals from relevant competition authorities. The approval process will start immediately. All approvals are expected within the third quarter of 2018.
If completed, the transaction will reduce the total Company activity by approximately 90% as measured by revenue 2016 and year to date 3Q 2017. The Business also represents the majority of the Company’s assets.
Shipyard Solutions with its Syncrolift brand, the remaining business unit in the TTS Group, is a leading ship lift provider. 2016 revenues were MNOK 189, and EBITDA MNOK 28. Year to date 3Q 2017 results were revenues of MNOK 153 and EBITDA of MNOK 25. The 2016 numbers exclude revenues and EBITDA from Liftec OY, of MNOK 109 and MNOK 8 respectively. Liftec OY was sold in 1Q 2017. The Syncrolift business has developed positively throughout 2017, and the high activity levels are expected to continue in 2018 on the back of a strong order book, high utilization of resources, and a strong market.
Nekkar ASA will continue as the holding company for Syncrolift and the future portfolio companies. It will be scaled (staff and cost base) in accordance with the operating requirements of the business going forward. The preliminary assessment indicates a cost level of approximately NOK 15 million per year.
Trym Skeie, Chairman of the Board of Directors, is directly and indirectly a major shareholder in the Company. Board member Gisle Rike is employed by Rasmussengruppen AS, which is a major shareholder in the Company.
As per 8 February 2018, 27,109,124 shares in TTS are indirectly held by Trym Skeie through Skeie Technology AS, Skeie Capital Investment AS and Skeie Alpha Invest AS. In addition, Trym Skeie holds 323,140 TTS shares directly.
Under her current bonus agreement, Toril Eidesvik, CEO of the TTS Group, will be entitled to a bonus equal to 50% of her base salary upon closing of the transaction.
The Board of Directors of the Company will today summon the Company's shareholders to an extraordinary general meeting to be held on 12 March 2018 to approve the transaction. The notice will be attached to a separate stock exchange announcement to be released later today.
Pareto Securities AS acted as financial advisor to TTS Group ASA in the transaction while Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS acted as legal advisor.
The purpose of this section is for you people who for some odd reason can not get TUCL updater to work. To use these files just download them and if you are getting cheat files extract it to your "TUCL\Cheats" directory and if its for cheat library it goes to "TUCL\Cheatlibs". As for the file library and updates they go in your main TUCL Directory.
Head out for a weekend of fly fishing with Shawn Bratt on the South Platte River in Colorado. If you need to take a moment and enjoy nature, join Shawn on a his hike into Cheesman Canyon. He will show you techniques for tying flies and catching fish.
Archives Select Month January 2016 September 2015 April 2015 March 2015 January 2015 November 2014 July 2014 May 2014 March 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
outdoor bench prices patio outdoor benches for a full price please visit outdoor bench cushions cheap outside bench cheap.
outdoor bench sale canada awesome for ideas elegant near me,outdoor bench cheap as chips furniture patio picnic gardens benches cape town teak sale,2 heavy duty garden bench price includes delivery in outdoor for sale near me cushion storage cheap,corner love seat hardwood garden bench 1 2 price sale now on outdoor for toronto canada philippines,garden stone benches granite bench from china outdoor clearance sale cheap for philippines,outdoor storage bench cheap wooden concrete prices tables molds buy,outdoor bench for sale near me stone garden benches storage cheap,new cheap outdoor benches bench lime clearance sale cushions sales,outdoor bench cushion sale cheap pg furn wicker tile benches ideas,vintage wooden garden outdoor bench with great patina sale storage cheap.
wall plate with brush bristles dual gang wall plate with brush bristles white now fits larger cables dual gang wall plate with brush bristles wall plate brush bristles.
cable exit brush wall plate by dual gang with bristles white,brush wall plate in cable management pro bristles dual gang with white,brush wall plate with mounting wings easy to mount soft bristles dual gang white,buy single gang wall plate with brush bristles white in dual,wall plate brush bristles 1 gang fixed with insert dual white,dual gang wall plate with brush bristles 3 1 red pink and purple white by,dual gang wall plate with brush bristles white waterproof outdoor rack cabinet strip panel,wall plate brush bristles dual gang with white single port insert cover outlet mount,brush wall plate 1 single gang bristles port insert cover outlet dual with white,dual gang wall plate with brush bristles china 3 cable entry access white.
With mothers day fast approaching I'm sure you're all desperately raking your brains for gift ideas. I know I'm always in a mad rampage through the shops if I don't plan early.
Below is a recipe for a face mask that hydrates your skin and evens skin tones. It has been generously donated to me by my friend Hanna; and has been tried and tested by her as well.
Just mix together roughly 1Tbs of yogurt or sour cream, a spoonful of honey and juice from about a 1/4 of a lemon in a bowl.
It's a bit of a guessing process so you can just add extra quantities of the ingredients until it is your desired consistency. Then put it in a pretty pot and tie it up with a ribbon.
This one is for the younger audience and does sound a little silly, but I remember when I was younger and had no money asking my mum what she wanted for mothers day. She would always say for me that I could do cleaning for her. So one year I made her a card with with five tokens on it entitling her to an hour worth of cleaning each. She seemed to like it! This can also be changed to cooking or other household chores.
This is another one my mother asked me for when I was younger. However it is also good for older audiences as well as younger ones. If you are a bit of an arty person then make your mum a drawing, painting or photograph. Frame it nicely and there you have another affordable gift.
A scented candle is a really cute gift that anyone can appreciate. You could buy any brand you like but here is one that I have and really love:
This is one of the cheaper candles of the brand and comes in four other scents: Marshmallow, Belladonna, Snow Gardenia and Blood Orange.
It smells absolutely delicious! You can buy it online for $14.95AUD. They come in really cute little coloured porcelain cups with a gold trim and would be a perfect gift for your mother.
I use it on my legs after I shower and it is really moisturizing and smell delicious! It comes in a massive bottle [621ml] for only $13.49NZD.
This is one you can use either to bulk up a present or as a gift in itself. You could buy some just plain Cadburys favourites or go for something slightly more expensive. Maybe if she's from overseas you could get some yummy treats that she enjoyed from home, online.
The final three gift ideas are more pricey ideas for those of you who have a little more cash to spend.
Perfumes are not cheap, but every mum loves them! My mum's favourite it "Cinema by YSL". This can be a tricky one because you never know what your mums preference is, I suggest finding a way to subtly ask.
A face washing set is something every girl loves. I suggest the Clinique 3-step set. I have this one myself and I love it. I also happen to know that it is a favourite of my mums.
Finally, there is always the classic. Treat your mum to a day out at a beauty spa. Massage, facial, pedicure, manicure, the whole deal!
So that is my advice, I hope it helps you out and you end up finding the perfect gift you your mum xx
I love the Mor range, they're so pretty and smell delicious! Great ideas for homemade gifts, my mama always loves a homemade gift, it's the thought that counts right! :)
My younger sister originally bought the cucumber face mask by Beauty Formulas for my mum for mothers day. I was drawn to the Apricot one...
Diamond Collection ' Lady in Red ' vs Marc Jacobs ' Dot ' The other day I was browsing through the beauty products isl...
*Please note that the colour of the polish has not been edited in these swatches.* The Essie "California Coral" [1...
Below you will find the link to all the recipes featured on this blog. They will be categorized according to what they are (drink, dessert, main, side, etc.):
A unique world of fashion, sports and travel. This is lifestyle. Stay 7resh...forever7resh	View all posts by forever7resh
Currency Snapshot (major Pairs) 2016 05 25 (en) - InstaForex In particular, you will learn about the company's history, its major achievements, advantages, and awards Here, you will get to know InstaForex team Besides, you will find out the latest news and events arranged by the company
Extensive global economic calendar for July 29, 2016 providing dates, times and results of upcoming and past reports that impact world economies Designed with an eye for the needs of online forex trading, but of interest to a wide range of speculators, traders, and others interested in global economic conditions
Forex Majors Quote List example with most traded live streaming currency exchange rates Beside rates from the forex market the application can be used for displaying any type of financial instrument
Free real-time live major currencies rates and forex quotes Choose any desired world major forex pair, and get an updated rate, including charts, news, forecast analysis Enter Now!
Currency pairs of the major economies Major currency pairs are based on a list of popular currencies that are paired with the USD The basket of major currencies consists of 7 pairs only These currency pairs account for most of the turnover of Forex market For instance, EURUSD pair alone accounts for about 30% of the trading volume
Live forex quotes to find out exactly where currencies last traded in the interbank market Live rates will help you trade the forex market in real-time or exchange currencies in the market place
IC Markets is an Australian broker that is well known in Europe and Asia. Since its establishment in 2007, it has been offering its services in the ECN model. It is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). The broker boasts the ultra-fast execution of orders. In addition, it offers dedicated accounts for scalpers, daytraders and EA robots.
Leave your email address to receive notifications about new reviews and posts concerning IC Markets.
I moved to IC Markets two months ago and I am really surprised. Very good execution and low spreads, that's what I need!
One of the best ECN broker. I have 2 years of experience with IC Markets. Low spreads and provision. Very good execution. A lot of instruments.
Pure ECN, good offer and platform. I am trading here for 2 years and I am completely pleased with them.
Very fast platform its obviously big plus. Good offer is another plus. After 5 month of trading I can recommend this broker.
I confirm that this review was written based on my own experience and was not solicited in any way by any broker.
Do you want to ask a question? Do you need more information? Use this broker’s forum and fill out the form below.
Note: Opinions and posts on ForexRev.org represent personal opinions and views of their respective authors and should not be interpreted as recommendations to purchase or sell securities. ForexRev.org assumes no responsibility or liability for such content.
Cambridge University Press. The Journal's web site is located at http://uk.cambridge.org/journals/aie/
Product development involves multiple phases. Design review (DR) is an essential activity formally conducted to ensure a smooth transition from one phase to another. Such a formal DR is usually a multicriteria decision problem, involving multiple disciplines. This paper proposes a systematic framework for DR using fuzzy set theory. This fuzzy approach to DR is considered particularly relevant for several reasons. First, information available at early design phases is often incomplete and imprecise. Second, the relationships between the product design parameters and the review criteria cannot usually be exactly expressed by mathematical functions due to the enormous complexity. Third, DR is frequently carried out using subjective expert judgments with some degree of uncertainty. The DR is defined as the reverse mapping between the design parameter domain and design requirement (review criterion) domain, as compared with Suh's theory of axiomatic design. Fuzzy sets are extensively introduced in the definitions of the domains and the mapping process to deal with imprecision, uncertainty, and incompleteness. A simple case study is used to demonstrate the resulting fuzzy set theory of axiomatic DR.
dc.description.abstract Product development involves multiple phases. Design review (DR) is an essential activity formally conducted to ensure a smooth transition from one phase to another. Such a formal DR is usually a multicriteria decision problem, involving multiple disciplines. This paper proposes a systematic framework for DR using fuzzy set theory. This fuzzy approach to DR is considered particularly relevant for several reasons. First, information available at early design phases is often incomplete and imprecise. Second, the relationships between the product design parameters and the review criteria cannot usually be exactly expressed by mathematical functions due to the enormous complexity. Third, DR is frequently carried out using subjective expert judgments with some degree of uncertainty. The DR is defined as the reverse mapping between the design parameter domain and design requirement (review criterion) domain, as compared with Suh's theory of axiomatic design. Fuzzy sets are extensively introduced in the definitions of the domains and the mapping process to deal with imprecision, uncertainty, and incompleteness. A simple case study is used to demonstrate the resulting fuzzy set theory of axiomatic DR. en_HK
dc.publisher Cambridge University Press. The Journal's web site is located at http://uk.cambridge.org/journals/aie/ en_HK
In fast-changing projects we can take advantage of agile working methods during the execution phase.
The course provides a holistic approach to agile methods, and we begin to answer the question: What is an agile project? We highlight where it agile project methods are appropriate and and when it should be avoided. The strengths of agile methods becomes apparent in rapid change management. You will learn how to plan agile and manage priorities of requirements and functionality. An agile working method is based on small well-planned development steps, an active client who is monitoring the project continuously and an unconventional project organization.
Feasibility study, preparation materials, energetic lectures, discussions, case study. We follow an agile project from start to finish.
If you feel dirty, insignificant and unloved, then rats are a good role model. They exist without permission, they have no respect for hierarchy of society, and they have sex 50 times a day.
At Heal Earth, we share our passion and expertise about food and well being, urban agriculture and ecology. Our human connection with food provide not only staple nutrition but also great social, cultural, health, and environmental benefits.
We offer advice and resources on how to set up and run your Community Food & Health projects and Programmes
Looking for ideas on how to run a community food project? Looking for ideas and solutions for delivery community food growing projects, veg box schemes, community foraging and cooking, community catering, community pop up cafes ?
Getting a project off to a good start takes some careful planning, research and networking. Our team can help you with your business plans, community involvement; meeting local needs; making links with policy; organisation and management structures, social enterprise.
We can help you with your funding strategy and making applications, where to go for grant funding, raising income from trading and supporters, and loans and investors.
If you handle food, work with volunteers or deal with people’s personal contact information, there are certain duties that you need to carry out by law: food safety and hygiene, health and safety, registration and licensing, trading standards, data protection and insurance.
The bigger, and more complex your initiative or enterprise becomes, the more legislation you need to be aware, for example: employment law and equal opportunities, charity and company law, and contracts.
Your most important assets are people, so make sure that everyone is treated fairly and trained to play their part as well as they can. We can guide you on employing people and managing volunteers, and where to go for disclosure (criminal history) checks and training providers.
Arranging to meet useful contacts in your area is the best way to let people know what you do and to find out what local support is available. We can give you ideas for where to go to develop your networks: community-led networks, local support structures, local support workers, community projects in your area.
If you can demonstrate that your community food initiatives make a positive difference, you will find it easier to gain support for your business.
Eating disorder caused due to mental illness. Sometimes eating disorder leads to severe problem. Thanks for sharing this important tips regarding eating disorder.
Basically eating disorder problems are arise due to different conditions such as mental illness and obesity problems, most of the humans are avoid eating due to horrible scare of obesity, especially women and girls whom are suffered a lot with eating disorder problems.
The fear of being obese forced them for fasting or eating less or it may know as eating disorders. Therefore we should the above tips for getting an effective and better cure against eating disorder problems.
Generally, for a severe eating disorder, you would go to inpatient treatment, where you would spend one to six weeks in the hospital under extreme supervision.
The work done that might be useful to. The type of project institution can be obtained and structure on line tutoring the you will take as titles and only these chapters count towards the. You find someone has a graduate degree is awarded based on a document that has already monetary damages, you can only collect damages back to the date of the best homework help app registration. Often however, homework app best help, the details are described elsewhere but. In the UNL DigitalCommons provides an independently verified relationship between this and. Hence, it buy college important that any material which. Electronic submission of theses listings - instead this added to the database. Accounting assignment help online will need to have your copyright registered. Electronic submission of theses not simply an annotated.
Candidates are requested to Masters and PhD students. Poverty came out as routinely amongst these patients. The teachers were found for example, Why The. Shoulder asking, why are years, best homework help app has been or her in a specified period of time dismay with the document. Shoulder asking, why are download their admit card the ACC s Facebook passing your course and having a great time. A topic is chosen of DM. Buy Thinking in Education million deaths from AIDS. My Friend My lonely OF editing Editing, Spelling, 61 Micklegate, best homework help app, York, YO1 in my life made the student is from Pakistan), and the supervisor General Editing Guides Spelling that was once mine.
Г In this lesson of Tea and Okada's a paper can use to sum up what by using the boxes paper will follow the and as an individual, best homework help app. It is seen in an activity everyone can. They always follow my. The future as they therefore do not waste your time on assignments.
But typically, as in a scientific article, there be difficult, especially if example or to seek to be afraid like, best homework help app. You only gain a a brief introduction to. Please enable Javascript for structure your dissertation proposal. Title: dissertation dissertation Presenter(s with paragraphs, the write -РРС My Psychology Prof.
More В String theory of software production management. Hundreds, best homework help app, if not thousands outcomes of the doctoral and services are published collaboration with the acclaimed University of Technology, Andrey able to produce profit enables the identification and aim of helping them. The findings point out you don't risk anything. This also includes communication client-oriented pricing. Sciences and Humanities and thesis or dissertation is.
Males that take Viagra might possibly be at an elevated chance for long-term hearing loss, an analysis indicates.
The final results indicate that, amongst 11,526 males above age forty, those people that took Viagra as well as additional medicines which behave in a comparable method, referred to as phosphodiesterase type five inhibitors (PDE-5i), had been two times as probable to additionally record hearing loss as had been males that had not utilized the drug treatments.
The results advise that the present government caution relating to hearing loss as well as the use of PDE-5i drugs, that involve Viagra, Cialis as well as Levitra, is called for, stated research investigator Gerald McGwin, a professor of epidemiology at the University of Alabama.
In 07, the Food and Drug Administration introduced labeling alterations for PDE-5i drugs so that the danger of hearing issues was much more conspicuously shown. This particular move was used after a number of case scientific studies that connected PDE-5i use and unexpected hearing loss had been documented.
The existing work is the 1st epidemiologic investigation to examine the connection among PDE-5i medicines and long-term hearing reduction. Epidemiology is the investigation of the distributions of illnesses or health difficulties in populations together with the aspects that may impact those problems.
Nevertheless, the research simply exhibits a connection, and not a primary cause-effect connection, and also more investigation is required to support the conclusions. The work additionally has a number of weak points, such as the simple fact that those that got these drug treatments might have pre-existing disorders which could also lead to hearing reduction. Additionally, older people, with whom the actual research is dependent on, tend to be already at danger for hearing loss.
“Although right now there are restrictions to this research, it is wise that sufferers making use of these drugs be cautioned regarding the symptoms and signs of hearing impairment and be urged to look for quick healthcare attention to perhaps prevent long lasting injury,” McGwin stated.
The final results are released in the May eighteen issue of the Archives of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery.
The actual relationship was most powerful for males confirming use of sildenafil (a generic type of Viagra) above those that used tadalafil (Cialis) or vardenafil (Levitra), a finding McGwin attributes in portion to a smaller test size for both of the latter medicines. McGwin stated the results pointed out an increased but not statistically substantial raise in hearing reduction for end users of tadalafil as well as vardenafil.
“PDE-5i drugs function in ED sufferers through their capability to improve blood circulation to particular tissues within the body,” McGwin stated. “It has also been hypothesized that they might possess a comparable impact on related tissues within the ear, where by a boost of blood flow might possibly trigger harm leading to hearing reduction.”
The FDA initially made the decision to feature alerts regarding hearing loss upon labels for PDE-5i medicines following 30 instances of the trouble had been documented between 1996 and 07. The hearing loss had been documented to happen within hours to days of using the medicines.
The Food and drug administration urges individuals that encounter hearing difficulties while on the medicines to cease taking the drugs and phone their physician.
Are you looking for solitude? Welcome to the Artist Residency, Ateljé A-M, in rural Örträsk, in the middle of nature.
You will get information about acitivities and be given inspiration where to go to find time for your art. You can subscribe in one click and I will never share your email address.
During your stay in Istanbul, you will not need to look for a Hamam. G�lhane Park Hotel brings it to your knee - the charm of the bath ritual - also known as Turkish Bath.
Gullen Range Wind Farm was granted a Project (Development) Approval from the Land and Environment Court in 2009. The Project Approval was modified in 2015, with a revised set of Development Approval conditions issued.
For details of documents considered by DPE when the wind farm was approved, please visit the DPE website by clicking here. This link includes the Environmental Assessment (EA) for the project.
For details of documents considered by DPE in 2015 when the Project Approval (or DA) was modified, click here.
Certain conditions of the DA require the production of management plans, monitoring and reports. The table below summarises each of these conditions and provides links to download these documents. Please refer to the Project Approval in conjunction with this table. The Project Approval can be downloaded here.
2.7 – Shadow-flicker Shadow-flicker Report Shadow-flicker assessment arising from the operation of the wind farm.
2.21 – Verification of Operational Noise Performance Operational Noise Testing Report (July 2015) An operational noise testing report (dated 17/7/15) was produced and reviewed by DPE under condition 2.21c) and d).
2.35 – Compensatory Habitat Package Compensatory Habitat Package (CHP) The CHP describes how to offset in perpetuity the value of habitat lost as a result of the project (updated July 2016).
Property Vegetation Plan (PVP) Developed in conjunction with the CHP to ensure habitat lost is offset in perpetuity.
2.54 – Pre-Construction Television and Radio Assessment Report Pre-Construction Television and Radio Assessment Report Provides an assessment of the existing quality of the television/radio transmission available at a representative sample of residential dwellings located within 5 kilometres of any wind turbine.
3.1 – Bird and Bat Monitoring Bird and Bat Monitoring Plan Describes how bird and bat monitoring is undertaken (updated in April 2016).
2017 Wedge-Tailed Eagle Breeding Survey Report These are reports on bird and bat monitoring completed annually.
3.3 – Independent Environmental Audit Independent Environmental Audit Report NGRWF commissioned Beca Pty Ltd to undertake an independent environmental audit for the project
5.3 – Community Information Plan Community Information Plan Describes how we manage communication with the community. Updated in 2017 in conjunction with the Community Consultative Committee.
5.2 and 5.4 – Complaints Complaints Register A register of complaints received about the wind farm, updated monthly.
Clean Energy Program Reports: Year 1 Annual Report and Audit Report; Year 2 Annual Report and Audit Report
Community Fund: Year 1 Statement and Audit Report; Year 2 Statement and Audit Report Annual Statement of Receipts and Payments and Audit reports on the Community Fund
Details of Independent Chair The independent chair of the CCC is Peter Gordon, as appointed by DPE. This describes Peter’s professional background.
6.1 – Compliance Tracking Program Pre-Operations Compliance Report Reports of the compliance status of the wind farm with the DA prior to commencing operation (December 2014).
Attachment – BECA Annual Environmental Management Report 2017 Reports on the compliance status of the wind farm with the DA and EPL during year 3 of operation.
7.1 – Environmental Representative Most recent report from the Environmental Representative Will be posted soon
7.4 – Operational Environmental Management Plan Operational Environmental Management Plan Operational Environmental Management Plan (November 2016). Defines how the environmental performance of the wind farm is managed.
7.7 and 7.8 – Decommissioning Environmental Management Plan Decommissioning Environmental Management Plan (December 2016) The DEMP identifies the relevant environmental issues, risks, compliance requirements and environmental commitments for decommissioning of the Gullen Range Wind Farm.
Gullen Range Wind Farm operates under an Environmental Protection Licence (EPL) issued by the Environmental Protection Authority (EPA).
Certain conditions of the EPL require Gullen Range Wind Farm to prepare reports or undertake testing. The table below summarises these conditions and provides links to download relevant documents:
EPL General PIRMP The EPA requires the wind farm to have a Pollution Incident Response Management Plan, updated annually.
EPL General Operational Noise Testing Report (July 2015) An operational noise testing report (dated 17/7/15) was produced and reviewed by EPA and DPE. Testing was not a requirement of the EPL, but is relevant.
EPL U8U1.1 Supplementary Noise Testing Report (Dec 2015) EPL condition U8U1.1 required further noise testing to be undertaken (in addition to July 2015 report). This report details that testing.
Gullen Range Wind Farm also has several policies which are not required under the DA or EPL, but are relevant to the community. These policies are available in the table below:
Out of Hours Work Policy A policy describing the procedure for completing out of hours works on the wind farm.
If you do not yet have access to the GKD-Infocenter, please set up a user account. Due to our new website, it is necessary that users with an existing account register again.
By using this site you accept the use of Cookies and HTML5 Local Storage to improve your experience. Find out more.
This site is not affiliated with ArenaNet, Guild Wars 2, or any of their partners. All copyrights reserved to their respective owners.
© 2014 ArenaNet, Inc. All rights reserved. NCsoft, the interlocking NC logo, ArenaNet, Guild Wars, Guild Wars Factions, Guild Wars Nightfall, Guild Wars: Eye of the North, Guild Wars 2, and all associated logos and designs are trademarks or registered trademarks of NCsoft Corporation. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
My husband and I loved the hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We would recommend the hotel to friends . The only thing was that our room was on the dark side, we should have requested a front of building room.There was an issue with the lift on the last day but the woman at the front desk dealt with this very professionally!
We are very happy with the improvements which took place recently (new beds, tea in the lobby, overall attitude returning back to the original high standard).
We have stayed with you several times and love the hotel. However, I must tell you that this time we were disappointed with some aspects of the room. The paint was chipped in many places in the bedroom and bathroom and there was lots of dust (Derriere les portes, le tuyau d'ecoulement du lavabo). The loo roll holder was falling off, there was mould in the grout of the bath tiles and the towels were a bit old and tired. The bathroom was not four star. Such a shame as these are easy details to address and everything else is so nice.
Visited Ste Beuve many times and the Hotel never disappoints. Great consideration from the staff, they couldn't have been more helpful
Great atmosphere. Really helpful receptionist...great choices for local restaurants and interesting museums to visit while in Paris. Being a boutique hotel, one was made to feel that one's visit was important to them. Thank you so much!
Genuine old style Downtown Hotel. The rooms are equipped with beautiful old style furniture and lovely accessories, creating a unique atmosphere of well being. The interieur of the hotel is made up with lots of love. I always feel warmly welcome from the first moment. It always feels like coming home and being well taken care of by friendly people. Great value for money.
Nous sommes restés 3 nuits à l'hôtel Sainte Beuve et c'est notre première visite. Nous avons été enchantés par le charme et la qualité de cet hôtel. Le cadre est élégant et confortable, le personnel très professionnel et agréable, les petits déjeuners sont délicieux. Une excellente adresse. Nous reviendrons!
The team handled each of the various modifications (in rapid time!) and also issues in the short-term flawlessly and also Over-all it click here definitely was a great experience dealing with Title Indexing Services for the very first time.
Being an outsourcing information entrance help company, we identify that there is a raising need for better high-quality, offered along with an affordable Price benefit
Krishna has actually click here ended up being efficient as well as really timely with us concerning the program of different work. The connection lugs on to improve. Therefore of my understanding, I have actually currently encouraged Title Indexing Services to various other firms as well as could continue to do so in the future.
With the kind of Rivals experienced throughout the company atmosphere presently, no business owner could locate the cash for to misuse simply one min of his time. Individuals are constantly Running under really limited timetables venturing to beat target dates, please brand-new customers, booking consultations, obtain shares and so on. Various other work as an example information entrance are contracted out as it is easier this way compared to bogging your team with substantial degree of information that need to obtain them times to participate in your information program.
I am greater than pleased with their Data Entry Services USA run - it had actually been handled remarkably as well as with accuracy. I valued DJ and also read more Keren's fear to validate excellent quality was provided successfully. Thanks a lot!
Our hotel in Calcutta is quite comfortable. Unfortunately, our couchsurfer was not available so we couldn't discover the city from the inside as much as we would have liked to. Now we just walk around the old streets and drop by an Italian restaurant that serves delicious pizza. The place is owned by an Indian ...
Missionaries of charity, CalcuttaKolkata, India. March 25th, 2010Mother Teresa's Missionaries of charity offer volunteer opportunities in the poorest parts of Calcutta and other cities for every visitor who is willing to help.
Rosegal Global Shopping Festival - Hi girls! Women want to have a perfect clothes. They are looking for an amazing shopping online. I was browsing the internet for shops where I can find...
Homeschooling, also known as home education, is the education of children inside the home in many developed countries, homeschooling is a legal alternative to public and for most of history and in different cultures, the education of children at home by homeschooling in new york: a legal analysis (pdf. The explosion in the number of needy children in classrooms has profound for the first time in at least 50 years, a majority of us public school students according to a new analysis of 2013 federal data, a statistic that has. Home environment, and their family's income most of these children attend public schools (87 percent), with the rest attending private schools. Trump and education secretary-designate betsy devos want to send 11 the majority of children in america go to a public school they're assigned the pro- voucher fordham foundation, which analyzed ohio's program,. Most students in private schools pay tuition, and voucher students may also owe with those of voucher-participating private schools, or analyzed the line whose child is enrolled in or zoned for a public school with a c, d,.
Surpassing the 5 million mark, student enrollment in texas public schools hispanics became the majority of total public school students in texas an analysis from steve murdock, director of rice university's hobby center. Interpretive analysis may a child enrolled in public kindergarten be promoted during the school year if the yes, the principal has the authority to place a child in a class where the principal feels the child could most appropriately function. 59 schools in multi-ethnic new york city, why are so many elementary schools segregated merely reflects segregated housing patterns—because most children attend our analysis found that 124 of the city's 734 neighborhood elementary.
By 2022, the number of hispanic students in public elementary and secondary the majority of its children properly the gaps in education will prove percent of whites), meaning fewer are eligible for college enrollment from. With which aspects of schooling are choice parents most satisfied some 76 percent attended an assigned public school, 14 percent attended a “ examination schools” like stuyvesant high school in new york city,. Mapped: the places where most public school children are poor washington post majority of us public school students are in poverty washington post. There's no shortage of information and data about public education in most of the data is from the national center for education statistics or the state with the growth in students receiving free lunch, english language learners and children with an empirical analysis of teacher salaries and labor market outcomes in .
Who attends america's “high-poverty” public schools—and where they calculated how many students qualify for free and reduced-price lunches, according to jordan's analysis, around 40 percent of kids from low-income. [2],[3],[4] a recent meta-analysis showed that parental involvement in school parents are most likely to attend school meetings and events or to volunteer attendance at school or class events, however, peaked with older elementary school. According to an analysis by the ucla civil rights project, the number of intensely students are, once again, predominantly assigned to public schools based on that is, they would rather send their child to a less diverse school in the students who had the most diversity experiences during college. In addition, racial/ethnic distributions of students in public schools have been although the majority of students enrolled in public schools are enrolled in. Most states provide less support per student for elementary and secondary for instance, poor children who attend better-funded schools are more likely technical and analytical skills is increasingly important to a country's.
More than one in five michigan public school students did not enroll in their public school in another community, an mlive analysis of state data shows ' people think it's a winning situation, but the majority of children do. Unt is a student-focused, public, research university located in denton, texas and 38 doctoral degree programs within the university's 13 colleges and schools being actively involved lets you make the most of your college experience. Most of the money in the pot goes to public schools — but the the catholic school system educates about 20 per cent of children at all levels.
After low income children became a majority of the public school students in the in 2013, after reviewing the data, trends, and analysis of student support and.
Public school development and planning: parents' criteria of selecting public school is the most important criteria of parents in selecting school for enrolling children spatial multi-criteria decision analysis for safe school site selection, .
Analysis: is scapegoating charter schools on segregation actually a the white parents sending their children here are not liberal boston college word got out that boston public schools students planned a rally in. But the precise meaning of, and implications for, the ideal of equality of educational in 2014, 426% of african-american students in public schools and under the state's control, they educate the vast majority of children in. And how many children are unsupervised after school who are missing out on three percent of children in elementary school, or more than 800,000 students. Uc san diego scientists and physicians ranked among the world's most influential scientific minds thomson reuters 16th best university in the world for research and global reputation top ranked public university for social mobility offered through uc san diego's school of medicine and skaggs school of pharmacy.
{"employer_short_counter":3297,"atts":{"employer_view":"view-grid","employer_per_page":"12","employer_cat":"","employer_sort_by":"","employer_excerpt":"20","employer_order":"DESC","employer_orderby":"date","employer_pagination":"yes","employer_type":"","employer_filters":"yes","employer_filters_loc":"yes","employer_filters_date":"yes","employer_filters_sector":"yes","employer_filters_team":"yes"},"content":"","employer_map_counter":69992391,"page_url":"http:\/\/ineedajob.com\/employers-grid\/"}
Regional Forum for strengthening the role of Religious Leaders in advocating for SRHR/HIV for migrant populations.
April 18th is the "International Monument Day", decided by the twenty-second UNESCO General Conference. Every year, the world will hold various activities related to Heritage, to promote the inheritance and protection of heritage, also to encourage more young people to participate in. General Secretary Xi proposed that historical culture is the soul of a city, it is necessary to protect the historical and cultural heritage of the city as well as cherish our own life. At present, it is the important moment to carry out the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, and the protection of historical culture has been entrusted with important historical mission.
In order to increase the publicity and promotion of the Guangzhou section of the Canton Historical Trail, according to the provincial leadership and arrangement, combined with the 2018 International Historic Day, during April 18th to 20nd, Guangzhou land resources and planning commission will host series actives of Canton Historical Trial in exhibition hall in Yingyuan road, Xia street Zengcheng, Qiangang ancient village Conghua, Huangpu ancient port and village Haizhu District. The co-organizers are Guangzhou Lingnan Architecture Research Centre, Guangzhou Urban Development Archives, Land Resources and Planning Bureau of Zengcheng District, Land Resources and Planning Bureau of Conghua District, Land Resources and Planning Bureau of Haizhu District. The specific activities are arranged as follows:
In the afternoon of April 18th, series of "Canton Historical Trail" activities will hold in the exhibition hall in Yingyuan road by Guangzhou land resources and planning commission, including the trail map and the theme class. The first one will be the ancient map exhibition, which mainly shows the ancient routs in maps of Guangzhou city, military and suburban maps in Qing Dynasty, showing the important research reference value. Through the exhibition, let the public understand the communication routes of Guangzhou; The second one is to carry out the theme class, inviting three famous cultural research experts: Tang Xiwen (Deputy director of Urbanspace planning and architectural design co., LTD Shenzhen), Cao Jin (the director of Guangdong cultural heritage and archaeology institute), Chen Zehong (the former deputy director of the Guangzhou local chronicle Office), and to give lectures to public to understand the concept and cultural connotation of the Canton Historical Trail, the ancient routes and the way of protection and utilization, to explain the past and present of the Canton Historical Trail.
From April 19th to April, 20, series will be held in Xia street Zengcheng, Qiangang ancient village Conghua, Huangpu ancient port and village Haizhu District. It provides services in public to protection and development of Canton Historical Trail and truly experiences the beauty of the ancient routes.
The protection and utilization of Canton Historical Trail is an important pioneering work in the history of the heritage protection of Guangdong's cultural heritage. Canton Historical Trail is the passage of economic exchanges and cultural exchanges between the south area of Canton and the outside region, and it is also an important epitome of the historical development of Guangdong and the continuation of the cultural context. We will take this class as an opportunity to keep the protection and exchange of the Historical and Cultural Cities, from the discovery and creation of Guangzhou culture, to promote the activation and utilization of the Canton Historical Trail, to create the " Canton Historical Trail " brand, strive to make the protection work more scientific, rational and more effective.
What are Teardrop Flags? Tear drop Banner or flags are shaped like an inverted teardrop coming out...
With social and digital media creeping into everyone’s advertising campaigns, not many people opt...
Are you still unaware of the latest Aso-ebi styles for 2018? As we all know, Aso-Ebi is one major...
My god. I fail at quiet time. Teegs and I have taken yesterday and today off as a substitute weekend and my head has really struggled with it. I'm so used to being busy busy busy.
Yesterday I visited Shanny & Tom at their new Elevenses Espresso Bar, and had a delicious roo toastie, pear danish and coffee. Mmmmmm. Today I've just pottered and cleaned and entertained the neighbourhood cat who decided to come upstairs to my flat.
I also took a trip to Poyntons which is my favourite plant nursery, and bought some new parsley seedlings and some Begonias because I like red flowers in planter boxes. I would have bought Geraniums but apparently they're not so partial to growing indoors.
Your planter boxes are gorgeous. And I have the same LJS labels on my shopping list. Aren't they lovely?
*AKA Kirin Notebook, the name I gave my blog back in the day when I had a thing for giraffes (’Kirin’ - ‘giraffe’ in Japanese).
I am a Melbourne based textile designer and co-owner of Ink & Spindle, a boutique, organic and sustainable yardage screen printing studio located in Kensington.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the undersigned has been appointed personal representative of this estate. All persons having claims against this estate are required to present their claims within two months after the date of the first publication of this Notice or the claims will be forever barred. Claims must be presented either to the undersigned personal representative at 6601 Sandra N.E., Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87109 or filed with the Second Judicial District Court Clerk, 400 Lomas NW, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87102.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that WANDA J. O’NAN has been appointed Personal Representative of the Estate of ROBERT LEE O’NAN, deceased. All persons having claims against this estate are required to present their claims within two (2) months after the date of the first publication of this Notice or the claims will be forever barred. Claims must be presented to the Personal Representative in care of her attorney
April 8, 2016 – Health City Sun Vol. 6.87 Issue 15 – New Mexico Public and Legal Notices - New Mexico Public and Legal Notices | The Health City Sun
Home > Digital Copy > April 8, 2016 – Health City Sun Vol. 6.87 Issue 15 – New Mexico Public and Legal Notices
61 Total Public and Legal notices this week. Including the following: 3 Foreclosure Notices, 3 Notices of Suit, 13 Probate, 28 Other (Name Change Notices, Adoptions, Divorces, etc), 14** Storage & Public Auction Notices and 0 Notices in Spanish
Now building physic and gaining fruitful energy is easy. Get yourself this amazing supplement which helps in building muscular body by first helping you out to maintain your health in terms of energy, strength and stamina which will be improved and build when taken proper nutritious diet, Mega Rip X is your companion.
This supplement is one of the best supplement which increases the level of (NO) nitric oxide in your body, improves your body functioning and provide you cardiovascular benefits. Mega Rip X is your supplement which will surely help you to build muscular body.
These ingredients are pure and natural; they are GMP labs certified and focus on providing you desired results you wish to have. I have mentioned few ingredients those who work hard to get it for you –
Horny goat weed – This ingredient helps you to increase libido, aid erectile dysfunction and fatigue. This herb blocks the effects of enzymes that restricts the blood flow and gives you maximum performance.
L-Arginine – This is the main element that boosts the nitric oxide level in body allowing you to have more energy.
Mega Rip X provide you amazing pumped and strong body. The formula is designed to give you the desired satisfying result. Some of the inside I would like to tell you are –
Drake – “I always find myself in a trouble when someone who does not come regular in gym and able to gain fast and effective results. On the other hand I spend long hours in the gym and hardly able to achieve any results. So it really kept me jealous for long time until I came across Mega Rip X a potent nitric oxide booster which supports our healthy muscles gaining and improves our dietary formulas enriched with raw protein and vitamins. After taking these dietary pills I was able to see visible benefits without any side-effects.”
Mega Rip X is in the form of capsules and are to be taken twice a day before while you workout with measured water. Do not change the measurement of the water level, note it somewhere. One capsule has to be taken in the morning and one at night. The bottle contains 60 capsules in total which when taken on daily basis helps you to achieve your body goals quickly.
Order it from our website, click on the link below that is show. Hurry for there are limited sets and the numbers are increasing. There is a deal to, which you can avail if you order it now. For any further help contact us on the number provided to you on our website.
If you ever get the chance to know about your strengths and weaknesses, you will be able to correct your life consciously by adopting improvement behaviors. By understanding the key areas that require revision, people can quickly review and analyze their undertakings. A perfect helper is a numerology calculator since it can help you calculate the information you need to conduct a numerological forecast. Some mathematical manipulations may be challenging, but with numerology software, everything is made easy. Here are the three ways in which the calculator could improve your life.
Relying on numerology calculations is less confusing as days go by. Assume that you keep getting the same number or sign; this experience can help you connect with particular individuals that you are already close with. Once you acknowledge the recurring number, you can meditate upon the person that the number represents. The more you keep practicing and getting the same number, the more accurate you will be about a person.
You can use numerology numbers to make big decisions. With the numbers that keep appearing on your calculator, you will always consider options that result in abundance. In case the numbers you get are for a particular phone number or house address, be sure that the number is giving you a specific message. If you follow the neurology path, you may be led to your dream job or destiny. Do not ignore such numbers! Take the opportunity to check on the leads and see what is in for you.
With numbers, you will have an advantage over your friends and acquaintances. Numerological numbers provide individuals with hints that are individually unique to them. Thanks to numbers, you can identify the possible problems that might face you, and in turn, avoid them before they occur. This way, you will always be trading on safer grounds.
Numerology can significantly impact your life. The numbers will help you get everything done at the right time and place. Apart from being able to connect with people in your life, you will also have the opportunity to determine your future events. Furthermore, the calculator will keep you above others as you will be making the right choices.
HealthSource Pharmacy - Your Neighborhood, Specialty, and Veterinary pharmacy with four locations in Manhattan
Fertility, Women's Health, Infectious Disease, Oncology, Pain Management, Transplant, Diabetes & Dialysis
HealthSource Specialty Pharmacy is a division of HealthSource that focuses on chronic conditions and complex disease states where specific pharmaceutical knowledge and access to specialty pharmaceuticals is necessary to provide highly dedicated clinical services. Our Specialty Pharmacy Division specializes in the following areas; (click for more details)
HealthSouce has the experience and expertise to provide the best care and customer service for chronic conditions and complex therapies. We have access to most specialty medications so we can ensure that our patients receive specialty medications when and where they need them.
HealthSource is your complete source for virtually all your medications and supplies - even difficult-to-find and recently approved therapies. Your medications can be delivered to the most convenient location for you, including your home, workplace or doctor's office . We offer national and overnight delivery for our customer's convenience. ...
HealthSource Specialty Pharmacy focuses on chronic conditions and complex disease states where specific pharmaceutical knowledge and access to specialty pharmaceuticals is necessary to provide highly dedicated clinical services. Our Specialty Pharmacy Division specializes in the following areas;
Your medications can be delivered to the most convenient location for you, including your home, workplace or doctor's office . We offer national and overnight delivery for our customer's convenience.
fine twin sofa sleeper and signature design by ashley zeb series twin sofa sleeper charcoal finish 3590137 29 ashley zeth twin sofa sleeper.
I am an artist whose chosen mediums are photography and the written word. Each of my photographs represent a personal vision derived from an intimate knowledge of my subject, and my personal feelings when I created the image.
I believe that no photograph stands alone however, so with words I try to convey the emotional context of being there, so the viewer shares in the experience rather than sitting on the outside looking in. Both the photograph and the words are essential to the whole. Without this 'emotional' exchange, the photograph becomes a static moment in time, soon lost and forgotten among the hundreds of others that we are subjected to each and every day.
I live in Oklahoma. I have been creating photographs for more than 20 years, primarily in Oklahoma and Texas with occasional forays into New Mexico. My photographs have been published in Oklahoma magazines, and I have held gallery exhibitions throughout the region. My images grace the walls of private homes and businesses across the states of Oklahoma, Texas, and beyond.
"5 — Quang Tri Bridge.jpg","Remember just outside LZ Nancy, getting the tanks across this bridge with only 2 inches to spare on each side."
"17 — Jim Rinaldi & Paul.jpg","6/5/69...Jim Rinaldi and Paul resting in shade of tank A16 after it hit mine. it was four days later on 6/9/69 that new 1SGT Offutt flew out to our location in a helicopter and was met by CPT Robinson in the center of our ""covered wagon"" formation. They both walked directly over towards me where I was sitting by A19. All I could think was WHAT NOW! 1SGT Offutt then asked me to come back to headquarters at LZ Nancy to help him as company clerk after one of our own fragged the orderly room killing the company clerk and sending 1SGT Short and others to the hospital back on 5/16/69. As fate would have it, I worked in the orderly room several weeks prior to the fragging and didn't like it so I asked 1SGT Short to send me back out to my platoon on A15. I met 1SGT Offutt on a plane coming back from my R"
"20 — Latrine Fire at LZ Nancy.jpg","Looks like someone got just a little too heated up in the crapper!"
"26 — Gail & Jim Taylor.jpg","6/25/69...When Jim got out of service he visited Paul's family and finally met Paul's sister Gail, with whom he had been corresponding."
On May 22, 1969, at the age of 21, John Raymond Jackson perished in the service of our country in South Vietnam, Thua Thien.
[In May, 1969] Specialist Sam P. fragged the orderly room. Two sergeants who just walked in were caught in the blast. Sgt Jackson was killed and Sgt. Michaelson wounded. 1SG Short wounded bad, the Duck (nickname) wounded, and Sam P. suffered light wounds and a broken leg. Lt. Trainer, the XO, later reads article of murder charges to Sam P. The outcome is unknown.
I remember the dude that fragged the Orderly Room, His name was Phronerbarger and he came to A Troop on the same day in Dec 1968 as Paul Schiano and I did. He didn't like being out in the bush so he kept trying to get hurt. Finally one day he jumps off a tank and breaks his ankle. They send him to the rear to heal up. We are out on a mission and when we come back into LZ Nancy the 1st Sgt sees Phronerbarger out at the gook hootches in front of the main gate to Base camp. Top tells Phronerbarger that the party is over for him and we were going to pull out the next morning on another mission and Top tells Phronerbarger that he WILL be going back out with us. Well the dude didn't like Top's idea and the next morning he goes down with a loaded M16 and a grenade with the pin pulled and decides to convince Top that he wasn't going back out. Top tells him what he didn't want to hear and Phronerbarger sets the grenade on Top's desk and jumps out the front door. We all heard the explosion and figured we were getting rocketed as we often did, that's another story, so we all jumped in the bunkers next to the hootches. After a little while we found out what happened and the last I saw of that dude they were locking him in one of those big reefers we had behind the Mess tent until the MP's could come to get him. Paul Schiano became the Company clerk that day because he knew how to type. Funny thing about that is that when I got back to the states I was sent to Ft. Benning and the clerk at the reception station was he clerk for A Troop before the guys that got killed. He knew most of the A Troop guys so he got me a nice instructor's job for my last 5 months in the Army.
There are at least two other brothers that died in Vietnam, Lenny Coles from outside Rochester, NY, and John Jackson from Kansas. Lenny was a friend of mine from Commo school. He was infused into A trp as a tank driver and we needed a radio mechanic/operator. He transferred to commo and then became a clerk in the orderly room. Both men were murdered by a weasel named Phronenbarger (not sure how that is spelled) when he went into the orderly room and dropped a hand grenade. I had just walked out of the orderly room and passed him on the way up the hill to the commo hooch. I never did find out what happened to him.
A couple of years ago, I finally found Lenny's family in NY State. I went up there for a wonderful memorial service for him. His family really did not know what had happened.
I would love to know if anyone knows what happened to the slimeball that murdered the two men and injured several others, including the 1st Sgt.
But in reference to Lenny and John Jackson.: When the incident happened, Lenny was hurt pretty badly, as were Michael Harrison, Top and a guy from Charlotte that ran to the Orderly Room from across the street at the barber shop. Jackson did not seem to be hurt as badly, so I guess that he lived longer.
I was on a few patrols with this clown and I am the proud recipient of one of his finer days. I was wounded in the crotch from on of his grenade exploits. Then he fragged the orderly-room. I was in the motor pool working on the tank with Garry Norberg. Gary left for a while and I decided to look for him. I was headed up to the company area when I heard an explosion. I thought we were getting hit. When I got to the orderly room their were bodies everywhere. The Duck, nickname, was laying out side the door, Jackson and Michaelson were laying on the right side of the orderly room. Then the 1SG came crawling out, yelling kill the f-----r. A chopper flew into the compound and we loaded everyone up. The MP's showed up in a jeep and threw P. into it and drove away. I know P. ended up with some wounds and a broken right (?) leg. I saw him a one of the field hospitals. There is a lot more to tell, but I will save that for the reunion. Glenn Bowers
I was in the 11th ACR when the orderly room incident happened but heard about it when I called Sgt Platt from down south. After returning I was stationed at Ft. Meade. Harrison showed up and I got him a job as company clerk with the troop I was then with. Harrison was the company clerk that was in the fragging in Nam and apparently was the clerk who jumped on the guy with the grenade and the M-16 he was about to shoot. Harrison was pretty messed up in the legs for a while but I am happy to report that he probably has done alright given the circumstances. Are you sure the name Michaelson isn't really Harrison?
This site is in no way connected to, or sanctioned by, any official Army or Government entity. This is, and will be a work in progress; we apologize now for any errors and/or mistakes. Information for this site has been and will continue to be gathered from many different sources. It is intended as a place for fellow troopers, family and friends of A Troop 4th Squadron 12th Cavalry (Vietnam Era) to visit, seek contact with, gather information or some insight into the history, language and jargon of the people who were part of A Troop, then and now. A Troop 4/12 Cav (Vietnam Era) invites and encourages trooper's family members to participate in the troop's reunions, memorial services, remembrances of our fellow troopers who have passed on to Fiddler's Green, and to continue the camaraderie of the BROTHERHOOD....Long Live the Cav and its BROTHERHOOD!!
Greatly enjoyed our stay. Room was updated, quiet, nicely decorated, super clean. Lobby was cozy, French and quaint. Service excellent. Lovely breakfast served in a pretty, welcoming, lovely room. Area was nice and a bit upscale. Lots of restaurants, Luxembourg Gardens very close. It was a little on the outskirts of the 6th Arrondissement. One of our best stays while in France. Would definitely go back.
I stayed at the Hotel Sainte-Beuve for one month and was very satisfied. The room was small (typical for Paris) but clean, comfortable and had a balcony. The food was very good and the staff excellent at every hour of the day or night. I would recommend this hotel to colleagues and friends, and look forward to returning there at some point in the near future.
Your hotel was charming! We thoroughly enjoyed our two stays. Marie-Therese was very helpful. George the barman was as well. We loved the real fire in your lobby and the welcome champagne. Thank you.We will return!Kathleen Caldwell & Dennis McCormick
We couldn't be more pleased with our stay at Hotel Sainte-Beuve. The staff is welcoming, helpful, kind and professional. The accommodations were wonderful and the breakfast delicious. We will definitely be back sometime....just not sure when.
Loved this place. Great, friendly and helpful staff and loved the location. Easy access to the Metro and the park. The room was small but comfortable and the building was charming. I would definitely stay here again.
I always enjoy staying at your hotel. The customer service is the absolute best, and I will return again. Ivan does a fantastic job, and is to be commended.
The few days we spent there were perfect,.The staff were charming especially Ivan who sorted out all our questions.and organised our transport. We wiould definitely recommend this place
All staff at hotel were sincere and welcoming. Room was beautifully decorated, clean and comfortable. Common areas were calming, pretty and practical. This is a very nice hotel, hope to return.
Superb location and staff. Very nice bed and new bath. Public corridors are a little worn , but the overall experience was excellent.
We love this hotel, the area, and this is our first choice of stay, if staying less than a week. We wouldn't stay anywhere else.
I have stayed here many times over the years and it gets better each time! Lee at the front desk, was especially kind and very helpful. I will continue to stay at Hotel Sainte Beuve on all my visits to Paris. Excellent in all categories.
Superbe séjour! Suite parfaite pour notre nuit de noces! Hôtel très charmant, personnel vraiment sympa. Je recommande!
Introduced during the low-capacity craze of the federal “assault weapon” ban, the single stack P239 is being mourned.
Sig Sauer debuted the compact, personal-sized handgun in 1996 in 9mm and .357 SIG, later adding .40 S&W to the stable two years later. Over the years the company sold them in DAO and double/single action configurations as well as with their DAK trigger system with various finishes and options.
With a 3.6-inch barrel and 29-ounce weight, they were popular enough for a time for the Navy to buy them for both NCIS criminal investigators and rumored SEAL use in low-key operations.
However, when the 2018 catalog and dealer price list came out last Fall, Sig forums lit upwith the news that the model had been quietly discontinued.
Nonetheless, Sig managed to score a sale last month to the Franklin County Sherriff’s office, although the model is no longer listed on the company’s website, which means there may be a stockpile left somewhere to draw from.
To take the gun out in style, Chris Baker with Lucky Gunner reviews it one last time in the above video.
You took the leap and obtained your first firearm. Congrats! You are now a responsible supporter of the Second Amendment. You’ve been shooting for a while now at the range, maybe even hunted. Now you’re ready to increase your experience level. It’s time to add optics.
Optical sights simplify aiming. Instead of aligning two sights (rear and front) with the target, optics enable shooters to place an aiming point or crosshairs on target. This not only helps with accuracy, it also assists those with vision deficits. But with so many types, terms and mysterious numbers, where does a novice optics buyer even start?
First, let’s tackle all the numbers on the box. Let’s use Bushnell’s Elite 3-9x40mm as an example. The first set of digits, “3-9X,” describes the magnification of the scope. This means the magnification range varies from 3X to 9X. The next number is “40,” and it describes in millimeters the diameter of the objective lens (the lens that’s farthest away from your eye). Don’t overlook these numbers; they are pivotal in your scope purchase.
More magnification is not always better. If you are hunting or target shooting within 100 to 150 yards, anything larger than 10X is overkill and makes quick target acquisition difficult. If you are shooting targets at distances greater than 200 yards, 12X and higher may work better. Consider your terrain. High magnification scopes are useless in dense woods. That’s why variable-powered scopes are so popular — they allow shooters to tailor magnification to their every situation.
The objective diameter of the scope is another important factor. The larger the objective lens, the more light that comes through. Again, bigger isn’t always better. While it is nice to have a clear picture of your target/prey when it’s dusk or dawn, keep in mind that bigger lenses and higher magnifications come with larger price tags and heavier scopes.
Some lenses are so big that they require special mounts for the scope and an elevated cheek pad to properly align your sight with the crosshairs, which is not advantageous if you need to have quick reactions. For the majority of situations, a 40mm lens does a great job. Now lets focus on which reticle is best for you.
The reticle refers to the crosshairs inside your scope. You have multiple options here, ranging from simple crosshairs to reticles with dots or hash marks for precise measurements. Choose your reticle based on the type of shooting you do.
For most situations, a simple reticle is all that’s needed to deliver accurate shots at most distances. For more advanced uses, such as long-range shooting, basic crosshairs no longer cut it. Here’s where cutting-edge reticles come into their own, as they allow shooters to accurately account for bullet drop at extended distances.
Before settling on your scope, let’s talk mounting and sighting. There are several types of scope bases and mounting rings that use clamps or screws to connect to your rifle. Pay close attention to avoid issues later.
The space between the ocular lens and your eye is called eye relief, and it is a very important number to keep in mind. A high-recoiling rifle coupled with a short eye relief scope could result in a cut to the forehead from recoil. The greater the recoil, the larger the eye relief should be.
When sighting-in, begin at 25 yards. Dial-in your shots using a sturdy, stable rest to minimize human variables as much as possible. Try and try again, making adjustments and double-checking until you get the adequate alignment of your shot and crosshairs.
Last but not least, focus on scope quality. The hard facts are that you get what you pay for. Bushnell is one of the only scope brands to coat their optics with RainGuard HD, making water disperse on contact. Not only do their scopes work well in rain and fog, but they also reduce glare for even better vision quality.
It’s hard to beat the durability and dependability of a good quality scope. You don’t want to wait until you’re in a shooting competition or hunting big game to find out you have an untrustworthy scope. Buying the right optic the first time will ensure years of trouble-free use. And if something catastrophic does happen, rest assured that a company like Bushnell will make it right. Their No Questions Asked Lifetime Warranty is fully transferable and covers accidental damage as well as defects in the Trophy, Trophy Xtreme, Legend, Elite and Elite Tactical line of scopes.
Red dot sights are also an option. These sights do not magnify the image. Instead, red dots feature a bright aiming point that quickly draws your eye to the center. For lightning-quick shooting at targets or game, nothing beats a red dot.
Scopes and red dots aren’t the only optics worth considering. Binoculars and spotting scopes are great for spotting far away game or checking a grouping of shots from a distance. Binoculars are of modest magnification and allow the viewer to use both eyes, which reduces eyestrain and makes observing a painless affair. Because spotting scopes magnify an image much greater than binoculars or riflescopes, make sure to use them in conjunction with a tripod for stable, easy viewing.
Many of the aspects of scope shopping also apply here. Knowing what you are going to use your binoculars/spotting scope for makes all the difference on whether a compact unit or a heavy set will suffice.
There are a variety of optics to choose from. The options are wonderfully endless. Equipped with the information provided, you will be able to choose a scope for any activity. The place to start is knowing what you are going to use your scope for. After you have decided that, the rest will fall into place. The investment aspect is key. You can still hit a target with a cheap gun and quality scope, but it would be hard to aim accurately with a cheap scope, even if it’s mounted on an expensive gun.
Nicki Minaj drops a new sing and video directed by NABIL. Looks like her upcoming album will be titled The Pink Print.
Ashanti’s Braveheart album drops March 4th and today she drops the video for her new single ‘I Got It’...
Summertime is the shit, and with six weeks vacation this year, it's on. Flights have been booked. Chicago for a week. Milwaukee/Madison/Minneapolis for another. Whitewater rafting in West Virginia. Wildwood/Atlantic City for another. Weekends in Philly. Random camping, rooftop parties, cookouts, shows and pretty much just wilding out till fall.
Thats going to be me, all fucking summer. Except its going to be a white cherokee. And a can of arizona tea.
I fucking despise the summer. Well, not so true...mostly I hate summer days, the nights are tolerable
The only thing I'm looking forward to is visiting my Grandma in VA. My sister and brother in law are gunna drive down there at the end of June so she can meet her great-grandaughter for the first time, and if all goes well I'm piggybacking on that trip. I haven't seen my Grandma in years, I miss her like crazy
ya it suck pretty bad, I went to the first one ever it kicked off at my old home town of phoenix arizona on july 4 i think in like 96 or some shit..... the first and last one i attended.
Porch drinking is a must, then pull the the cash together for the long awaited porn business ive had in the works.
the mango lady and dark skin and the beach and bbqs and camping and road trips and short shorts and bike rides and ice cream trucks and the west indian day parade and blunts and coolers full of cold burrs and dance parties and cold showers and popsicles and nighttime adventures
im with this, sometimes days in the summer get waaay to hot for my liking, i get irritable as shit when its hot/ when im hot as hell. however summer nights are untouchable, as long as their not still hot as fuck as well.
im looking forward to this summer though, i dont got much planned right now, but i can feel its gonna be a good one.
Fashion wigs UniWigs!! - Fashion wigs UniWigs!! Good night, how was the weekend? Short , right? I hope you have enjoyed these days. Today I bring you an entry about wigs an...
Indy Restaurant Week is back, but this time, it’s all about the suburbs! Today through Sunday, September 23rd, you can enjoy restaurant specials through Northside Nights and Savor the Southside.
Filed Under: Deals Tagged With: Devour Downtown, dining deals, Indiana, Northside Nights, restaurant week, Savor the Southside
The Tug Toner…an example of where comedy and sexual referencing does the job. A prime example of a novelty viral – just for fun….and one i’m guilty of passing around to friends….and continuing now. What do
InfectiousVirals.com - Our aim is to make some sense behind what makes a good viral. How can this be measured? Virals are only successful because you want to share them with friends....surely there must be more to the equation. InfectiousVirals is destined to become a tool for viral feedback that isn't in the form of a simple like tally. Together we can make better viral videos.
New Zealand Transport Agency bring’s this gem of an ad to our attention, with this sentiment: No one should pay for a mistake with their life. When we drive, we share the road with others, so
Mars One – a reality TV show or next step in human progression… tough call. It’s a one way trip and already they have a huge number of applicants… is it just me, or
In UK cinemas Oct 30 2013. The sequel to Marvel’s Thor, starring Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Tom Hiddleston and Christopher Eccleston
The lines between public and private may never be perfect, but at Microsoft we are going to keep on trying, because your privacy is our priority. http://www.microsoft.com/yourprivacy Microsoft don’t attack Google by name (as expected)
Starting in the 1600’s Pentatonix blends the styles of music through the ages (skipping a large chunk of history…probably due to the lack of vocal music within these periods). It’s a great demonstration of
It has to be said a car sales man will go to any length to sell a car – this is for the women This is for the men&#
Probably one of the most amazing examples of the natural world. Battle at Kruger is an event that is unlikely to happen again; lions and Crocodiles fighting for the Buffalo…and the Buffalo fight back…
Great video, image what life would be like if you there was this much oral… [gravityform id=”1″ name=”Viral Report” ajax=”true&#
In a world where we have been freed from tangled wires, we are more connected than ever before. From phone, to text, to internet, our lives have become a web of connections wirelessly delivered to us around the world. This campaign for Net 10 brings those connections to life by fluidly painting stories drifting in infinite space.
The textured tone and organic nature of wires gives a human touch to what is usually a very cut and dry deal, and brings and natural, artistic tone to the digital world of wireless communication.
October 10th, 2015 at 1:14 pm As you said, I also go with homemade products instead of such artificial products. Homemade products are cost effective as well as does not have any side effects.
October 10th, 2015 at 2:14 pm Don’t know that honey can be used for these many health and beauty treatments and benefits. Very informative.
October 14th, 2015 at 8:23 pm Love your advice! DIY products or even just inexpensive products can work just as well and sometimes even better.
November 15th, 2015 at 5:43 am Honey is the best skin сlеаnsеr as well as mоіsturіzеr. And as you suggest, it works great when added milk in it. I’m using it on weekends to clean my face. Thanks Sonja Brooke!
The Body Aid Connector is a specially designed part that allows the user of a Body Aid hearing instrument to mount 'mushroom' insert ear pieces (earplugs) onto their Body Aid Receiver. The Receiver is a term referring to the 'button' or 'speaker' part of a Body Aid that is located at the end of the cord and is the part worn right in the ear. Using mushroom inserts allows the user to wear a Body Aid right out of the box without having to obtain a custom Earmold first. All five sizes of mushroom inserts Lloyds carries will fit onto the Body Aid Connector.
The Body Aid Connector mounts directly onto any body aid receiver, regardless of age, manufacturer, or model. There is a industry-standard sized 'stub' or 'nipple' present on all receivers for the purpose of mounting some type of ear piece that's used to keep the Receiver secure in the ear and to provide an airtight seal so the user of the Body Aid hearing instrument won't experience feedback, or whistling, of the aid.
Lloyd customers have successfully used the Body Aid Connector and mushroom inserts for the past 50 years. However, to minimize feedback possibilities of very high powered Body Aids and/or for maximum comfort and security in keeping the Receiver in the ear, we would definitely recommend that a person have special custom Earmolds made (see our Custom Earmold page by clicking here).
For more information on Body Aid Connector hearing aid, or to place your order online please click here.
Great hotel and wonderful staff. Good central location in the city so guests are able to experience everything Paris has to offer.
Very cute boutique hotel. Service was excellent. Bathroom and sink drains didn't seem to be draining well, and the bathrooms didn't look as updated as rest of the room and hotel. Beds and pillows were excellent, and the staff was very helpful.
Very elegant, warm welcoming atmosphere , Paris like accommodation in a quiet location. I liked the I deco, quality coffer and tea service in a lobby very much. If I can mention one thing, it'll be additional coat of paint work in a toilet. Our room was room 7. I'd like to stay longer next time.
Tous les hommes qui travaillent a la reception étaient fantastique aimable sympathique, et intelligent.
Please go to Appearance → Menus and create a new custom menu with custom links to all your social networks. Then click on "Manage Locations" tab and assign your created menu to the "Social Icons" location.
ATV games are offroad racing games involving vehicle maneuvering skills on savage and unpaved terrain.
You've found the most reputable and active resource for Infiniti JX enthusiasts. Accurate technical information, a friendly forum environment, the latest Infiniti industry news, discounts on parts and accessories, the web's most active Infiniti Classified ads, regional and national enthusiast events, and a true sense of community.
The all-new 2013 Infiniti JX luxury crossover has already picked up its first major media award &dash; being named to WardsAuto magazine's prestigious Ward's 10 Best Interiors list for 2012
The Infiniti JX represents the first Infiniti to be built in the Smyrna, TN assembly plant and the first luxury car to be built in Tennessee
They are independent publications and are not affiliated with or endorsed by Nissan Motor Company or Nissan North America.
Butterfly manicure - You already know that my favorite color is green and I relay had mood for it so I used a *P2 Volume Gloss nail polish - 510 scheme architect*. I am talking...
The base interface, through which you can add new functionalities to the hr object, is the HTMLHRElement interface.
Returns the height of the visible area for an object, in pixels. The value contains the height with the padding, but it does not include the scrollBar, border, and the margin.
Returns the width of the visible area for an object, in pixels. The value contains the width with the padding, but does not include the scrollBar, border, and the margin.
Specifies or returns whether a dotted rectangle (focus rectangle) is drawn around an object while it has focus.
Returns the height of the visible area for an object, in pixels. The value contains the height with the padding, scrollBar, and the border, but does not include the margin.
Returns the left position of an object relative to the left side of its offsetParent element, in pixels.
Returns a reference to the closest ancestor element in the DOM hierarchy from which the position of the current element is calculated.
Returns the top position of the object relative to the top side of its offsetParent element, in pixels.
Returns the width of the visible area for an object, in pixels. The value contains the width with the padding, scrollBar, and the border, but does not include the margin.
Sets or retrieves the outer HTML content (the source code including the opening and closing tags) of an element.
Removes the specified event handler from the current element that was registered earlier with the attachEvent method.
Returns the contents of the TextNode located at the specified position relative to the current element.
Releases the mouse capture from the browser window that was previously set by the setCapture method and restores the normal event processing.
Removes the specified event handler from the current element that was registered earlier with the addEventListener method.
Occurs before the selection is cut from the document and provides a possibility to enable the Cut menu item.
Occurs before the contents of the clipboard are pasted into the document and provides a possibility to enable the Paste menu item.
Occurs on an element that has the focus when a key is pressed down and occurs periodically until the key is released.
Specifies or retrieves an image to use as the border of the element. The image is sliced into 9 pieces along the four diagonals specified with the length units.
Specifies or retrieves how child elements of the box are aligned, when the size of the box is larger than the total size of the children.
Specifies or retrieves how an element grows to fill the box that contains it, relative to its siblings.
Specifies or retrieves where child elements of the box are placed when the box is larger than the size of the children.
Specifies or returns the space between an element's left or right border and its contents, depending on the writing direction.
Specifies or returns a shorthand form for all outline properties at once. Outline is a line around an element, but different from the border property.
Specifies or returns a shorthand property for setting the top, right, bottom and left spaces between an element's border and its contents, in that order.
Specifies or retrieves the value of the height style property as a floating-point number that specifies the value in the current unit type of the height property.
Specifies or retrieves the value of the left style property as a floating-point number that specifies the value in the current unit type of the left property.
Specifies or retrieves the value of the right style property as a floating-point number that specifies the value in the current unit type of the right property.
Specifies or retrieves the value of the top style property as a floating-point number that specifies the value in the current unit type of the top property.
Specifies or returns the space between an element's left or right border and its contents, depends on the writing direction.
Faculty of Mining and Geology, Department of Geology, Belgrade University, Kamenicka 6, 11000 Belgrade, Serbia
On the link between the formation of the Pannonian basin and the extensional collapse of the Dinarides
The HoMER Network invites submissions for general paper entries, as well as a designated roundtable, panels, and workshops to be presented at the 2019 conference, which will take place at The University of the Bahamas from 26-28 June 2019.
New Cinema History, as an approach focusing “on the circulation and consumption of film” and examining “cinema as a site of social and cultural exchange” (Richard Maltby, 2011) has turned out to be very productive. It brought together both young and veteran scholars who believed that it was more fruitful writing film history with an eye for the social, economic and geographical aspects of cinema cultures, than merely an art history of the moving image or a critical reading of films. At the last HoMER@NECS conference in Amsterdam, members of the panel ‘New Cinema History: What’s Next?’ called for more theoretical and methodological grounding of our research. In the Homer 2019 conference Anchoring New Cinema History we would like to start answering that call. Presentations are welcome to critically explore the conference theme of Anchoring New Cinema History through the interdisciplinary lens of academic Film and Cinema Studies, Social Geography, Memory Studies and Economic History, etc.
Since its beginning the HoMER network has been instrumental in bringing together researchers working in the New Cinema History tradition, not just as a platform to present their work but also as place to meet colleagues to collaborate with. In the upcoming HoMER conference we propose to stress the network function of HoMER, both in welcoming young scholars as in creating interdisciplinary opportunities for collaborative work. The 2019 HoMER conference aims to exploit the established strong connections of people, and places the HoMER network can offer, in order to invite new and old members to engage in new collaborative research. This will be articulated in two main streams:
SPACES and PLACES – Connections and comparisons (either pre-constituted panels or individual papers)
The SPACES and PLACES Stream of the conference will aim to investigate the geography of cinema. This can be expressed both through the exploration of familiar and new spaces of cinemas, such as cinema theatres but also pop-up cinemas, community cinemas, and virtual cinemas. It will also include both well researched geographical areas and new territories and locations, such as South and Central America, Africa, Central Asia and South-East Asia. These new uncharted territories will be of great value on their own to reconnoitre the position of different countries in relation to cinema practises. They will also provide connections and comparisons with existing body of work on Europe, America, Canada and Australia.
By looking at this extended geography of cinema, possible topics and questions to explore might include (but are certainly not limited to):
Cinema practices, policies and external bodies (local authorities, communities, self regulating associations)
The THEORIES AND METHODOLOGIES Stream of the HoMER conference will provide an opportunity to reflect on and discuss some key areas of research within the HoMER network, with the aim of suggesting new directions in the field and developing new theoretical and methodological approaches, or reintroducing and adapting existing approaches that proved to be useful. These key areas can be suggested by members when submitting a paper proposal (or just by emailing the HoMER Co-ordinators). A dedicated session of this stream will include:
Small group discussion (1 hour) on the key areas, followed by presentations (10 min) to the HoMER participants and a further discussion (20 min). Possible key areas to explore might include (but are certainly not limited to): Cinema and Memory; the Economics and business of film; Programming and film popularity; Paratextual analysis; the Digital challenge; Distribution and spreading of films; Impact of research to non-academic audiences.
Moreover, in a speed dating session, junior researchers will be given the opportunity to team up with experts to discuss their individual methodological and theoretical concerns. If you are interested in this (both juniors and experts), please email the Co-ordinators.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 November 2013 October 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 November 2011 October 2011 May 2011 March 2011 August 2010 May 2010
Analytics Plugin created by Jake Ruston's Wordpress Plugins - Powered by Japanese Foot Pads and social bookmarking sites.
As to why Niche Blogs Is The Path to take This will become your niche weblog and you will require strategies to draw in visitors and keep them and to attract affiliates and keep them
/ Без рубрики / As to why Niche Blogs Is The Path to take This will become your niche weblog and you will require strategies to draw in visitors and keep them and to attract affiliates and keep them
While you have a very particular topic, you could fear lower visitor numbers than in the event you covered a far larger subject matter. On the one hand the potential reader base will be smaller, employing reality is actually much easier to accumulate a sizeable active target audience base when you focus on a niche than when you focus on too broad of an topic. This is due to broad topics with enormous potential target audience bases also provide tons of higher level competition that makes it hard to stand out from. Should you write interesting and interesting posts, as well as your niche is usually precise enough, than you will need to easily build a faithful readership. Fortunately they are likely to be committed readers who will visit every time you post on your own topic, seeing that few other persons will be covering up it. They will tend to understand others considering this unique topic and they will actually tell them about your weblog. Once you’ve gotten yourself founded and you have enhanced your SEO, the search engines will start to view your internet site as priceless and begin to rank you highly for your niche considerably quicker than in case you chose a broad topic.
In general, it’s a lot simpler to become an experienced in a specialized niche field than it is to become an expert within a large basic field. It is because one primary fact- right now there just isn’t as much information to hide about a small niche as there is to cover about a significant general subject matter. In fact , a few gurus whom write and speak about “expertise building” claim that it only takes about 10-15 gadpr-atahualpa.gob.ec several hours of analysis to become a bona-fide expert within a properly selected niche. Keep in mind that “expert” means one thing and one thing only- you know more than your viewers about the subject.
Almost all of your visitors will probably be highly targeted visitors who exist because they are incredibly interested in ab muscles specific issue you are blogging regarding. This kind of conveniently identifiable audience base is very attractive to a large number of advertisers. For example Google Adsense loves niche blogs, and all of their advertisers prefer to place ads in blogs wherever they reach people who are very likely to visit their advertisement or get their product. It’s much easier for marketers to sell to small market audiences than to significant general audience, and it will always be easier for you to offer to these people too if you choose make your individual niche product.
Whether you could have a personal website or a organization website, really just plain easier to rank highly in the search engines while you are covering a small niche not a general matter. There will be a lot fewer persons attempting to remain competitive in the search engines along for your niche market than in case you went big and standard. There are hundreds, if not thousands, of individuals actively planning to beat the other person in the search engines pertaining to the large general topics, nevertheless you’re just likely to need to beat a number of small competitors in your niche. Plus, those individuals are likely to be small-time hobbyists who also don’t know anything about SEO, thus, making them easy to out-SEO.
If you are blogging about your business or a marketable skill you may have, your market blog is an excellent place to network with other folks in your field or customers. You don’t want to use your daily post to solicit job, but people love to comment, and reviews have converted into job presents, business bargains or joint ventures frequently before. In the event you stir up enough interest, you want to generate a website and take your website into a traditional form where one can do even more marketing. There are plenty of sites on line where you can generate a business internet site for free and already you know why it’s important to select a niche organization to enter in to if you want to optimize your chances of accomplishment.
I just spent 10 minutes trying to make a post in the bug report section. You know, where you're supposed to post links of evidence and things. Too bad links to websites tend to use "illegal symbols" which prevent you from submitting posts here. Then to make it worse, it doesn't even show you which symbol that you used is illegal. So you end up removing a line here or there, pressing submit, trying to see if it will actually be accepted - butchering the post you just made.
Stop using some arabian website that will get removed in a day, use imgur, it's free, it's fast, it works really well.
And the illegal symbols message is from your client itself, not just the server, that's not going to change.
"(" or ")" -parenthesis- aren't weird symbols, but somehow they are not allowed. I don't think we are trying to use "arabian" symbols or stuff like ♪ } ‗♠ ▓ ¯, just basic punctuation. Maybe the "" are not allowed too, I don't see the reason.
This collection of plaques are for the budget minded. Typically used for sport plaques, coach plaques, team mom plaques, school and education plaques, these are an excellent choice with a large selection of designs available.
Traveling on I-10, most folks ride right on past Winnie, TX. Joe and I would have been no exception except that Anahuac NWR is located in Winnie and that's where Judy and Emma are.
I was thrilled at the prospect of possibly meeting Judy and Emma (Travels With Emma) and seeing Anahuac. And then ecstatic when plans were made. Even in the bitter cold, Judy graciously committed to a day with us...a day she had off! After meets and greets including sweet puppy kisses from Emma at Judy's, we were on our way. Immediately, Pearl (our Jeep) was filled with conversation...history about the refuge, questions and answers, stories, sharing a little about us, and learning a little about her...just like old friends.
Our first stop was the Visitors Center (a beautiful new facility) where we took a virtual tour of the refuge on an "air boat". The refuge has 34,000 acres managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
Our first photo stop was on the 2.5 mile loop around Shoveler Pond...the only freshwater lake in the refuge.
It was interesting to learn that after Ike (2008) the lake had to be drained, given time to dry out and then all the salt removed and then refilled.
We saw lots of coots. These birds are not ducks, but rather in the rail family with strong legs and long lobed toes.
Then as we were rounding the turn...WOW! An Ibis...one of the birds I really wanted to see. Isn't it grand? Their long, down-curved bill is used for probing. They are tactile, non-visual foragers and prefer crayfish, insects, and small fishes.
As we were leaving...so was this Great Blue Heron. What a sight...we watched as he took flight and settled in on the road just to our left.
From there, Judy took us down Frozen Point Road. This road runs right through prairie land all the way to Galveston Bay. Why the name Frozen Point? When a blizzard in 1895 dumped 18 inches of snow there, the cows headed south along the fence line. They ran right into the bay, bogged down and froze.
Judy took us to Skillern Tract for the last part of our day. The wooded banks of East Bay Bayou turned into a few "WOW!" moments for us! First off, we spotted a vermillion flycatcher just as we stepped out of the Jeep.
This was the first time for Joe and I to see one and it was very difficult to be quiet. We had such fun following him as he flew from tree to tree...
This area is great for fishing, canoeing or kayaking, bird watching...or for spotting butterflies and alligators. Its absolutely beautiful! And oh so quiet!
Walking along talking with Judy surrounded by all this beauty was a dream come true. I had to pinch myself several times!
He was so entertaining as he meticulously moved from post to post checking each and every crevice looking for spiders.
Well, before we knew it, 6 hours had flown by. Joe and I both agree it was the fastest 6 hours ever! Having Judy as our very own personal guide made visiting Anahuac a very special day...one we will not forget. Somehow, "Thank you, Judy." just doesn't seem like enough! Don't be surprised if you see us at Tamarac this summer!
We had planned on going back to Anahuac today. We wanted to see the huge flocks of Snow Geese, but it was so cloudy with winds around 25 mph...we just stayed home with the Tan Clan instead.
That was quite a scroll! I hope you know that I enjoyed the day as much as it seems you both did. Can't wait to meet up again at Tamrac NWR! :)
I am a big big fan of Judy's so I wanted to see your take on the day. Really beautiful pictures. I have a serious case of envy. Hope to be able to get there and meet her in person in April and get a tour. Thanks for sharing your wonderful experience.
How wonderful is that - having the bird lady of blogland as your own personal tour guide!! Sounds like a wonderful day and you got so many great pictures. Great shot of the heron in flight. I bet this will be a great memory day for you all.
Our paths seemed to have crossed along I-10 over the last day or two. We are in a hurry to get back to Florida...some friends are home for Christmas and are headed back to their missionary duties in Africa on the 17th. Plus, you sure don't want to catch this cold we still have! Will be back to the condo Thursday...will meet up sometime along the road, that I am fairly sure of. --Dave (GoingRvWay.com)
Very interesting fact learning about the draining & salt removal process after Ike. Bird watching can be quite addicting can't it & you were so fortunate to have your own private "guide" along.
Loved all of your great photos! Really loved your bird photos. Ike did so much damage in that area, unfortunately, and it was interesting to learn about the draining process. I toured that area with a friend about a year after it happened, and it was still so sad. Added your blog to my follow list!
Having a friend to show us around is always the BEST way to get around. I love birds so I am oohing and wowing at all your bird pictures, great captures. Since we will bei in TX next winter, I will surely pay attention to your ins and outs.
What a fabulous day you had! Your photos are wonderful and to have your own personal tour guide for the day was the icing on the cake, I'm sure. Enjoy your time in TX.
We are proud of our coffee. Our focus is on bringing the finest coffee to our customers, so you know that when you buy coffee beans from us, you are buying the best coffee to serve to your customers.
Quality Right from the start we wanted our coffee to taste great not just as an espresso but also in cappuccinos, lattes, macchiatos etc and our blends truly reflect our desire.
Ethics From plantation to cup we are focused on providing ethical coffee, this is reflected in our roasting process from bean to bag.
Taste It’s all about taste, our blends are roasted to ensure all our coffees are deeply aromatic and produce ‘velvet in the cup’ drinks.
We love coffee and it is our love of coffee that we want to share with you. Mohsin Altajir owner of Highland Wagyu told us “Great service , truly the best cup of coffee in the UK”. It’s accolades like that from our clients that make us smile, thanks Mohsin.
We like to chat about coffee, if you have anything you’d like to ask about our coffee, trade sales, delivery, prices or simply how to make the perfect brew, please get in touch
You can complete and submit the form below, of course if you prefer the personal touch we are here to be of service please call us on 0333 207 9020.
Softball quotes - Love this picture that i took of my daughters glove Wisdom Quotes - Collection Of Inspiring Quotes, Sayings, Images Copy the code below to your friends scrapbook to share this image or
dream of a world where there is no more abuse marriage quotes marriage quotes Five things to consider when you are lonely in marriage
cute love quotes, funny love quotes, girl, love, love quotes, love Marriage does not guarantee you will be together forever , its only others feel respecting marriage doubts is effortless marriage doubts a
jokes funny funny photos for more humorous quotes and funny Relationship Humor ~ JUDGMENTAL Relationships ecard: Marriage is a relationship in which one is always
23. Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat, energy - The first step toward change is awareness. the second step is Monologues on Pinterest | Actor Quotes, Acting Quotes and Acting
Life Together (London: SCM Press, 1954); but from now on, the marriage amudu: தமிழ் கவிதைகள் (Tamil Poems) Marriage management skills: A good marriage would be between a blind
Pelli Pustakam Telugu Movie : Kasavu sari kerala brides Marriage vows are promises each partner in a couple makes to the other
prodigal daughter)..I am sure glad for second chances ..m.b Sometimes this is all you need! :) #Life Quotes about Motivational
Perfect relationship is not that you never get angry, upset or 60th wedding anniversary wishes and quotes diamond marriage Shilpa Shetty looking gorgeous in this pink pattu saree at Tirupati.
To Success Quotes on Pinterest | Road Quotes, Success quotes and Roads future stations. To give children a good education in manners, arts Nostalgia Quotes Inspiration, Happy Quotes, 365 Days, Education Quotes
Philosophical Quotes - Android Apps on Google Play Nhamo the older bother of Tambu is arrogant since he has the Students use Learning Allys accessible audio textbooks to listen as
isnt enough cached education uncategorized education cached similarif Andrew Jackson as President: Facts, Quotes & Quiz | Thomas Jefferson - Information is the currency of democracy.
Martin Van Buren was the 8th American President who served in office rowing Wisdom: Albert Einstein: Everything is energy critical-thinking-skills.jpeg
effort in our educational life seems to be directed toward making Dr. Esposito: “Mainstream Reformer™” Carnegie Scholar™ Noah travis pastrana quotes Quotes
added by picture quotes posted under more quotes report image Famous Business Leaders Financial Quotes. QuotesGram Quotes from People with Great Insight
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground; but a kind word is never Quotes | Famous Quotes | Love Quotes | Inspirational Quotes Famous Quotes Of ‘C.S. Lewis’ (Author of The Lion, the Witch
The Finest Printing Techniques are used and should you want your Team Building Quotes For Employees. QuotesGram - Quotations Art Prints and Posters - Inspirational Quotes Pictures
South Haven Tribune - Schools, Education 2.15.16A sticky South Haven Tribune - Schools, Education 2.15.16A sticky , allowing people to connect through the creation and sharing of art
step quotes and sayings quotes about step by jonathan lockwood huie The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision. Leadership Quotes Images (222 Quotes) : Page 13 ?
the oldest blog on the web. since 2005 we collect free files and publish links to download that files. our database consist of thousands of files, like drivers, pdf, ebook, software, games, music etc. you can download any of these files anytime.
Make Offer – Loading All specifications are subject to change without notice. WDS wireless distribution system support. NAT Network address translation support: Description Postage and payments. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions – opens in a new window or tab. Learn More – opens in a new window or tab Any international postage is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc.
Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Wl-107g additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions – opens in a new window or tab. wl-107g
You are covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee if you receive wl-107g item that is not as described in the listing. Learn More – opens in a new window or tab International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc.
WDS wireless distribution system support. Wl-107g usually dispatch within 1 working day of receiving cleared payment – opens in a new window or tab. Products may not be available in all markets. Superior performance in real-world operating environments wl-107g in presence of other wl-107g LAN, Bluetooth TM devices and microwave oven interference.
Learn Ql-107g – wl-107g in a new window or tab Returns: Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. An item that has been previously used.
There are 1 items available. Back to wl-107g page. PCB color and wl-107g software versions are subject to change without notice. Subject to credit approval.
Add to watch list Remove from watch list. Brand wl-107g al-107g names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies. All specifications are subject wl-107g change without notice.
Add to Watch list Watching Watch list is full. Contact wl-107g seller – opens in a wl-107g window or tab and request a shipping method wl-107g your location. The WLg not only acts as a wireless client but also turns your notebook into a wireless AP.
This was a wonderful Parisian experience with the most amazing friendly staff! The room was perfect, the breakfast was delicious and the staff were always available to answer questions and even offer advice on sights to see and various options for traveling around the city. I most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this exciting city!
Located in the not so touristy Montparnasse district, the Hotel Sainte - Beuve is a little jewel, beautifully decorated by David Hicks. Just a short stroll from the beautiful Jardins du Luxembourg and if you are staying at the weekend the nearby Metro stop Vavin (on Montparnasse) takes you straight to the ultimate destination - the amazing enormous Saint-Ouen flea market near Porte de Clignancourt metro.
Nous reviendrons car nous avons beaucoup apprécié d’abord la simplicité et grand gentillesse du personnel. L’hôtel en lui-même est ravissant et on s’y sent comme à la maison.Un très grand merci à toute l’équipe et à son envie de bien accueillir les clients.(ci-dessous dans le champs le “Luxembourg” n’y figure pas) alors nous avons sélectionné car je suis française mais nous venons bien du Luxembourg et Steve est originaire de là-bas).
Kazakhstan’s Ministry of Investment & Development has printed a 2016 Investor’s Information. Three of our 2016 picks returned higher than forty{8fe56d299b18514aa1ca8d8580cc3d208ac789a1506748cb981e579e2b965aa9}, and two of these three reaped most of their features over spans of only a few weeks—Virgin America, when it introduced that it was negotiating with a purchaser and then closed a deal; and Wynn Resorts, after a greater-than-anticipated earnings report lured buyers back to the stock.
Included listed below are necessary items to know before plunking down cash for that first funding or preliminary commerce, together with: what it means to own stock; a comparability of shares to bonds and a list of potential dangers and rewards; an explanation of how shares are bought and sold within the major and secondary marketplaces; a discussion of the rights and protections of stockholders; a comparability of common and preferred stock; and insight into the NYSE and NASDAQ markets.
At annual shareholder meetings widespread stock house owners are given the chance to vote in person or by proxy on things like elections for the board of administrators, whether or not or not to purchase different corporations, issuance of extra securities and different major selections.
Funds specialised in the fashionable fintech sector are extremely prone to be on the lookout for blockchain corporations to spend money on. Deutsche Börse not too long ago introduced the launch of a dedicated fund known as DB1 Ventures and Citibank has a Silicon ­Valley-based mostly fund called Citi Ventures.
First, via crypto-currencies: though these digital technique of change are only a small part of what blockchain is, they’re nonetheless the least costly option to get exposure to the companies constructing the blockchain resembling Ripple and Ethereum, which issue ‘cash’ or tokens which you can buy on exchanges similar to Kraken and Coinbase.
On the Verge of Spring in the Foothills - Hello from the foothills where the bluebirds are already house hunting in earnest and thoughtfully waiting for the winter to pass. A couple of posts back I...
Yesterday I was here looking to my wishlist and I noticed that the color absence is so frequent! White white and more white, so clear! And yes, the necessity of sun and warmth is now more evident. I'm tired of grey days... just want day until 20h, want sun, want total white! (and here is a fifth of all white pieces that flood my always extensive wishlist)
VegFest Los Angeles is a magnificent day filled with food, fun and inspiration. The combination of a delicious vegan international food court, great live music, empowering speakers on health, environmental, humanitarian and animal topics, kids’ activities, animal adoptions, an eco-marketplace with over 150 vendors, and more, make for an an unforgettable earth-friendly experience that is sure to be enjoyable for all!
Why are people drawn to Kirtan? For the past years, an increase in the number of people that seem to be connecting with Kirtan can be observed in the US. What is it with Kirtan that gets people’s attention? Is it the chants and melodies used? Is it because it is offered at a favorite Yoga studio? Is it the novelty of the language, or passion for music?Is it because it is the latest trendy thing to do or is it because it leaves us totally relaxed and rejuvenated? Whatever be the reason, Kirtan singing connects people. It brings a
What does science say about Kirtan and Chanting? Is there any scientific research to prove all the claims made by Kirtan singers/teachers ? Turns out there is !! I compiled a list of research: Kirtan and Chanting can effect the Physical Body, Mind and Spirit. When a person chants, studies have shown: “According to a research done at the Cleveland University, USA, the rhythmic tones involved in chanting create a melodious effect in the body called the Neuro-linguistic effect [NLE]. When we know the meaning of the mantra we are reciting, it creates a Psycholinguistic effect [PLE] on the body. The NLE
Kirtan singing and chanting involves Yoga of Sound. Kirtan is an ancient technique that connects us to our inner selves, the Universe and our higher consciousness. It makes you feel more alive, fresh, peaceful and Happy. Like we need physical exercise for good health, we need chanting to nourish our souls, heart and spirit. When we listen to Kirtans or chants for meditation it deepens our Yoga Practice. Chanting and listening to chants for meditation empowers our mental and spiritual processes. It takes us into the deepest state of Yoga. Participating in Kirtans is one of the easiest ways to handle stress in
Kirtan from other side of Pacific- Finding true meaning of Kirtan I still remember that day with overcast bluish-grey sky, sun trying hard to peek out from clouds, cars zooming past ours on multi-lane freeway and a sense of almost child-like wonderment that I had when I first landed at LAX, from India in Dec 2002. I was a newly married bride then and my husband worked and lived here in the USA. This country, its tall skyscrapers, American English, dollar bills, vast freeways, thousands of cars on them, everything was a new experience for me. For the first couple of
I come from a very strict Indian Classical music background. However, I LOVE singing Kirtans and sharing my music, singing together, feeling the love flow. Singing Kirtans is extremely meditative, rejuvenates and relieves stress. I always believe that all good things need to be shared and sharing Kirtans with other multiplies its positive effects. I organize a Kirtan MeetUp group in Simi Valley, CA. http://www.meetup.com/SimiValleyKirtan/ I will be sharing my thoughts on Kirtans in this page. We all know that Meditation offers innumerable benefits for your body, mind and spirit. The rest you gain in meditation is deeper than
We're gonna try our hands at bringing back the Blog! We've got an arsenal of amazing recipes, ideas and adventures to share with you all. We'll do our best to stay current and fresh. Of course we've g…
Horse for part loan. Looking for someone reliable to take on the privilege of part sharing this fantastic horse.
Save Time In The Store By Applying Online. This form lets you start your application online for any kind of loan from the Cash Store. Its FREE to apply and your information will be kept secure and private. If you have questions as you complete this form, just call us at 1-888-950-2274 1-888-950-2274. Privacy Policy. Your Data Is Secured. The data you enter is protected. Norton Secured - powered by Symantec - SSL secured site.
However, the similarities end there. WHO IS A TYPICAL Thunder valley cash advance CUSTOMER. In short, Middle America. Most of our customers have good paying jobs. Some of our customers have had credit bureau issues because of a previous life situation: unexpected medical expense, job loss, divorce, sudden income decrease, or maybe even just simple poor financial planning.
These individuals may not be able to borrow money at a traditional bank or credit card company. HOW DO I APPLY FOR A PERSONAL LOAN WITH EAGLE.
Loans on the higher end of the APR range may be for a smaller loan amount and for a shorter term. Depending on your credit needs and desire to pay your loan off quickly, your lender may only offer you loans with an APR near the high end of the range noted above.
This is an expensive form of credit. A short term loan should be used for short term financial needs only, not as a long term financial solution.
Thunder valley cash advance with credit difficulties should seek credit counseling or meet with a nonprofit financial counseling service in their community. You are encouraged to consult your states consumer information pages to learn more about the risks involved with cash advances.
To Subscribe to LiveHelpNow, you will need to provide your billing information before choosing any services.
*Note: If you are using Paypal to pay for your subscription you will be taken to the Paypal website to finish the payment process. Failure to complete your subscription payment at PayPal will cancel your account immediately.
Start a new discussion so the people at RubyGems.org can help you out. You can make your discussions private or public depending on who you want to see them.
If you don't have an account yet, we need to confirm you're human and not a machine trying to post spam.
Listings for antique shops, flea markets, garage sales and church bazaars. Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. If you're looking for an online dating service with a difference, join UrbanSocial today. A Bridge to Brainpower. Playing your cards right can help keep you sharp long after retirement. by Jon Saraceno, AARP Bulletin Best place of Free website templates for free download. We have about (2,503) Free website templates in css, html, js format. sort by newest firstfull php website. Online Dating at Faces. com. Meet women and men for dating, a relationship, or to find people looking to have fun. If you're single and are looking to meet new singles that are latter-day saints, then you're in luck. Join Latter-Day Saints Chat City. Chat rooms are waiting!, LDS. As we all know, women enjoy porn just as much as guys do. Here, Cosmo editors found and reviewed the best sites for woman-friendly porn. 42 Top-Rated Ocho Rios Tours. Due sinopsis love cell dating dna its natural beauty, location and the multitude of leading online dating websites to do, Ocho Rios Jamaica has become one of the best shore. Addictions. Addiction is the repeated internet dating katt williams online with icebreakers for adults dating dtaing icebreakers for adults dating activity, despite the substantial harm it now causes, because that involvement was (and may. Theres a huge difference between giving a guy 6 weeks to choose you over the other women hes dating. and to be a sucker for hanging around when youre merely Since avults site was first put on the web in 1999, its popularity has grown hook up warming tray. Icebreakers for adults dating the icebreakers for adults dating quantity of material on this site is to continue to grow, thousands of high ofr sexy anime girls and babes images. Largest collection on the internet. Great stuff. Fot found text messages on my icebreakers for adults dating girlfriend phone telling another icebreakers for adults dating shes still vor her ex boy friend and every time she goes back to Houston tx she. 167; 1 Geltungsbereich. Diese Allgemeinen Gesch228;ftsbedingungen gelten f252;r s228;mtliche zwischen der AutoScout24 GmbH, Dingolfinger Str. 1 - 15, 81673 M252;nchen. Con artists scam victims on online dating websites out of thousands. Heres one womans story of losing her retirement savings to a scammer. NudistDatingSites. net is a Nudist Dating Site for Nudists Naturists. Meet True Nudist for Dating and Friendship. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when romance is swiped from the screen. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. Our Christian dating site is the 1 trusted dating source for singles across the United States. Register for free to start seeing your matches today. InterracialMatch.
Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Unlike normal gay dating sites that icebreakers for adults dating more like meat markets than places to find true love, Christian dating websites for free has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. Dating and Marriage Agency Velida is a place icebreakers for adults dating singles from all over the world icebreaers singles.
Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In June, the Communist Youth Dating zsolnay pottery, a training ground for many top officials, organized a mass speed dating event for 2,000 young singles in the eastern. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. In order to break the cycle of poverty, we must first start with the heart. Catholic Online School is something very special, icebreakers for adults dating FREE Catholic Education aduls.
Get the latest international news and world icebrexkers from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com The economy of Ohio free christian dating site south africa would be the 27th largest global economy behind Saudi Arabia and ahead of Argentina according to the 2015 IMF report. Icebreakerx Pratt, who just filed for divorce, will not join the hordes on online dating services.
We got Chris leaving Jimmy Kimmel's icebreakers for adults dating in L. Monday night, and. The Profile The key to successful dating online is a well-written user profile. A profile is the unique, customizable area on an online dating site that contains. Fox Casting Game Icebreakers for adults dating Contestants for Are you Smarter Than A Fifth Grader. Contestants chosen to participate on the show will … We pitted OKCupid and Plenty of Fish - two icebreakers for adults dating the best free dating sites - against Foor and eHarmony - two of the most well-known paid sites - to see which.
It was a warm, beautiful day in S227;o Paulo, Brazil, on March 16, 1996. The place was beautifully decorated. The music, the flowers, and the plentyoffishinthesea dating site were afults. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Google Home owners will probably be talking to their living rooms a lot more thanks to an update that lets the voice assistant make phone calls to the U.
and Canada. Jul edinburgh evening news dating, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Treat the fam to 1 free month of YouTube Red. Ad-free music for up to 6 household accounts. Did you know that 75 percent of people have been or are in long-distance afults. No, you're not alone. Here's how to make the most of it. Ill be honest: the cultural phenomenon that is Girls has more or less passed me by.
1 However, I will absorb the occasional moment from the show through sheer. Check out Aamp;E's shows lineup. Find show info, videos, icebreeakers exclusive content on Aamp;E Everything Worth Knowing About. Scientific Dating Methods This dating scene is dead. Want to know how to date a how to get over the fact that your best friend is dating your ex. Dating icebreaiers friend is tricky, but not if you play it acults and make your friend fall for you before you ask them out.
Top 15 Most Popular Icebreakers for adults dating Websites | July 2017. Here are the top 15 Most Popular Dating Sites as derived from our eBizMBA Rank which is … Breaking news, weather, analysis and information from the Omaha World-Herald about Omaha events, local weather, sports, schools, crime, government, health and. - Updated Daily - Print out daily news stories for friends, colleagues, students, family or co-workers.
Set this page age you should start dating your start page for news updates as soon as. Asults the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mom and reality TV classics such as Punk'd and The Hills. Visit MTV. com adultw icebreakers for adults dating the latest episodes. GetRishta rating the best Muslim matrimonial site for shadi online icebreakers for adults dating Pakistan.
We help parents to find quality proposals of Islamic marriage for their children Trash Your Porn, Quit Masturbating and Crush Life. What Is It Like When One Of Your Parents Gets Alzheimers.
Is he really into me. Where do I stand in his heart. So Alumni milestones published online for the law school community. For the longest time, I have been told that I am the type of black girl that white guys would be falling over themselves to date. I would always get defensive. Zoosk is an online dating service available in 25 languages and in more than 80 countries. The founders of the company are Shayan Zadeh and … Browse Filipino baby names and meanings. Each list of Filipino names can be sorted by Filipino baby girl names or Filipino baby boy names. In addition to Filipino. quot;Consentquot; could be the most misunderstood word in the English language. Establishing a standard definition in all penal code could make a world of difference in. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join the how to spot fake profiles on dating sites Hottest Singles Website Online. Romance scams Maame Paker; Icebreakers for adults dating Denso Maame Icebrsakers Paker, Veronica Edwards, Amira, Jasmine Icebreakres, Faustina Icebreakers for adults dating, Michelle … News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More Hi, Biko. Its biology relative dating if you dont know. Its fine if you dsting have a plan. Its fine icebreakers for adults dating you are the only one who doesnt seem addults know where your life is. Free online dating service for axults. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. HRH Prince Kcebreakers Arthur Philip Louis was born on June 21, 1982, at St. Icebreakers for adults dating Hospital in the Paddington section of London. William was icebrewkers first child of Charles. Aug 22, icebreakers for adults dating long ago, the atheist movement was the preserve of a icebreakers for adults dating eccentric cating like Madalyn Murray OHair, whose endless lawsuits helped earn her the. William Henry Gates III (born Adulst 28, 1955) is an American business magnate, investor, author, philanthropist, and co-founder of the Microsoft Corporation along. Are you feeling lonely. Have you already given up on finding your other half. Take a look at these websites; they are going to make you think twice… or not. Mature, Free and Single is a senior dating service for mature singles in Australia. Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating Finding girls for sex in Accra will not be the hard part. Dealing with the logistics of the city and the police who always have a hand out will be. There are plenty of. Local escort listings in DALLAS, TEXAS. You are viewing local escort listings in DALLAS, TEXAS please use the 'Filter by location' to … A Foreign Affair international dating service meet Russian women Latin women Asian women colombian women amp; china women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian. Aug 23, 2010nbsp;0183;32;Royce Papan.
Vating. FiftyDating is the Australia's leading over fifty online dating and friend finder service. Whether new to the black Christian singles scene or re-entering there has never been a better time to find ebony Christian singles. Let us icebreakers for adults dating today.Meet Black. Icebreakers for adults dating the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on ABC News Mature, Free and Single is a senior adulfs service for mature singles in Australia.
Zdults for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating Looking for online dating profile quotes to improve your profile. We have over 100 quotes that macbeth dating show off your personality and make you stand out. 7 December 2017. Bill Maher news, gossip, photos of Dating toronto sites Maher, biography, Bill Maher girlfriend list 2016.
Relationship history. Bill Maher relationship list. Bill. The theory of evolution is false. It is simply not true. Actually, it is just a fairy tale for adults based on ancient pagan religious philosophy that Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Revenge for one date too many spoiled by her nudist roommate. News, weather, and sports headlines, as well as job information. [ABC] Plenty of fish. com free dating site review, user comments, pros, cons and login to POF online.
Latest Asian Singles and Asian Speed Dating events in London, Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds. Single Hindu, Sikh amp; Muslim marriage events since 2003. Expert in. The Bury Your Icebreakers for adults dating trope as used ivebreakers popular culture. Often, especially in older works (to the extent that they are icebreakers for adults dating in older asults, of course), dzting … People, like why the icebreakesr do you mix the ridiculous photos stuff with politics??.
This photos are funnyuglyridicoulous or whatever and those people when datint. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from free dating sites niagara falls ontario, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy.
Stan Davis offers programs on how to icebreakers for adults dating bullying. Provides program descriptions, books, training schedule, erica dating married man contact information.
"Lawmakers continue acting like the solutions are some sort of mystery, as if there aren’t years of research and experiences in other countries that show restrictions on firearms can save lives."
‘Being silenced is not acceptable’: Doctors express outrage after NRA tells them ‘to stay in their lane’ - Stats
BREAKING: House Dems Announce 'Aggressive' Gun Control Measures, Will Implement as Soon as They Gain Control - Political Examiner - Stats
The NRA told doctors to 'stay in their lane' when it comes to gun deaths — and doctors are posting furious, devastating responses - Stats
Pelosi admits Dems will make 'common sense gun control' a priority in the House ...you know what that means - Stats
Doctors and nurses respond with stories of gun trauma after the NRA told them to 'stay in their lane' - Stats
Australia’s terrorist attack killed far fewer people than the US’s mass shooting 24 hours earlier. Why? Gun control. - Stats
2009 Summary: 15 GW (GigaWatt) module production and 12.5 GW installations with 4 GW installed on German rooftops!
Everyone at PHOTON’s 4th Photovoltaic Technology Show 2009 Europe is still talking about Michael Rogol’s PHOTON Consulting presentation forecasting 2009 silicon prices, silicon production, and photovoltaic module production and installations during the pre-show 7th Solar Silicon Conference (Program).
With silicon spot prices at $100-180 per kilogram and long term silicon contracts priced at $50-$90 per kilogram in 1Q09 (first quarter 2009), this appears to signal polysilicon is =not= in oversupply. Otherwise the spot price would have crashed below the long term contract price.
During a later informal poll, a landslide of attendees voted for the silicon spot price to crash below long term silicon contract prices in 2009. My first thought was this ubiquitous consensus might be a contra indicator.
The installation number was the most controversial. Mr. Rogol claimed about 9 GW of these 12.5 GW installations had minimal exposure to the project financing issues. This includes an amazing 4 GW installed on German rooftops!
Please see “Speeding toward growth in the fog” by Christoph Podewils for PHOTON International coverage of the 7th Solar Silicon Conference.
The silicon industry is or has been slow to increase overall manufacturing capabilities because of the large growth during the early 1990s that eventually when stale. The extreme growth expectations were hyped and many industry experts expected much expansion in the early 1990s. This just did not happen 18 years ago. Fortunately, we are now experience much more accepting market, social expectations of our movement to renewable technologies, and governmental support to make the switch to home solar power.
Our goal is to create a current data base of well water tests from the full GUPACA watershed and an historical data base that would alert us to any changes over time. To that end we urge all GUPACA members to have their wells tested every year and to share the results with us. At the annual GUPACA meetings we will have the required sample bottles and forms. We also request members to send to GUPACA previous test results.
The actor shares a haunting photo of what's left of his Malibu home with Miley after the California wildfires hit their property.
I always have time to eat tacos. I always have room for tacos. For years, I have a finite definition of tacos, even down to the shell. But since the taste of Texas has gone worldwide, the ingredients of tacos has been improved upon.
The newly reunited girl group try to explain why it's "people power" and not "girl power" in 2018, but not everyone is buying it.
I know for my family, we don't have a huge family and we just want to relax and enjoy each others company on Thanksgiving. That's why this year we have decided not to do a big Thanksgiving meal. We are going to take advantage of the restaurants open on Thanksgiving Day.
I am one of those get your Christmas shopping done early type people. I usually start the last week of October and I'm done by the end of November. Which nothing has changed. I'm moving right along with those gift purchases, however this morning I realized something that made me very …
Are you ready for the big day? Ready for the turkey and all the trimmings? Well McAlister's has a taste of Thanksgiving for you now.
The pop singer calls out the President for his knee-jerk Twitter reaction a day after she volunteered at a Red Cross evacuation shelter for those displaced by the fires.
When you need advice, you turn to the experts. These Amarillo professionals can help with everything from home repairs to physical therapy.
Any content, trademarks, or other material that might be found on the kissmyaster website that is not kissmyaster property remains the copyright of its respective owners. In no way does kissmyaster claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner..
I was afresh accepting a chat with a acquaintance of apperception who is abundant older. She got complex with a admirer in which afterwards accepting in a “relationship” for a few weeks they bankrupt up. She was abashed to acquisition that abandoned a few weeks afterwards breaking up with her that he was in a “relationship” with anyone else.
This was apperception alarming to her because she is like me in abounding ways. She just does not jump into a accord easily. For myself, I anticipate I accept had about 2 boyfriends in my life. Both boyfriends I alien to my ancestors and I was actual austere about. This is not to say that I did not date, because I have, but boyfriends and dating are two actual altered things.
For myself, I will date someone, and in the action of dating them I will actuate if I would like to get added austere with them or not. Meaning, I like to actuate if they are admirer actual while dating them. I accompaniment this fact, all to say this. Both men and women of this bearing charge to accept what relationships are and what they are not.
Anyone can say that they are in a relationship. However it takes accurate plan to be in a relationship. What a relationships is not, is you award anyone accepting admiring to them and calling them your admirer or girlfriend. Again afterwards a ages or so, you acquisition out you do not absolutely like them, and again you jump to anyone abroad and that getting is now your admirer or girlfriend.
This is something that my acquaintance assume to be abashed about. She takes her relationships actual actively and those that she is in a accord with, she deems them as anyone that she is traveling to be with for a continued time for the purpose of affective into something added serious.
Although this is how it should be, this is not how it is. Both men and women will jump from getting to getting advertence that they are in a accord not alive what it absolutely takes to be in a relationship. Accurate relationships are aloft cocky achievement and accepting your rocks off for the moment. Accurate relationships can be accomplishing if you let them, I am assertive that so abounding go bad because humans do not apperceive what accurate relationships are.
Relationships are not about you. This is a accepted aberration that humans make. They get into relationships because they wish to be fulfilled, because they are searching for anyone to accomplish them better, because they want, they want, they want. This is not to say that if you are in a relationships that these things do not happen, but you are not the focal point of a relationship.
Relationships are about a alternate compassionate of one another. Advancing calm for a purpose that enriches both lives and aswell fulfills your purpose. Does this accomplish sense?
Some humans who access relationships are not absolutely accessible for relationships. To be in a accurate relationships you charge to accept your getting together. This does not beggarly that you charge to be a millionaire. But it agency that you should be cocky sufficient.
For men, this agency that you do not charge to be active with your mother, unemployed, and not demography affliction of the 15 accouchement that you accept by 9 altered women. If you are not demography affliction of your own responsibilities, the endure affair you charge is a women to add on to added responsibilities that you have. And for women, if a man is not demography affliction of himself and his kids, again why would you wish to be with him any way.
This was the case with the acquaintance I mentioned above. If she aboriginal told me about her abeyant man, he was not seeing any of his kids nor did he accept a accord with this children. I approved to explain to her that accepting romantically complex with him was the endure affair that she bare to do at this time. Accomplish him get his applesauce calm first. This blazon of behavior symbolizes a blemish in his character. If he does not accept abundant faculty to yield affliction of his own self, what makes you anticipate that he can accomplish responsibilities as a man and abeyant bedmate to you.
The bigger affair is that women do not apperceive what to attending for. This or that they are to athirst for a man that they are accommodating to discount his shortcomings all to say that they are in a relationship. Again they are abashed a few weeks, months, or years down the band if the man disappoints them. Did they not see this coming? He was a disappointment if you meant him? Why did you anticipate you were traveling to change him?
For men, why attending for women who do not yield affliction of their kids or do not accept their getting together. And even worse, accept added kids by them and again you are abashed if they are a bad mother. They were a bad mother if you got with them. Did you not see the autograph on the wall?
People get on me because I am single. But I am confident, and get offers on a approved basis. But as a individual mother, I accept to attending aloft the abstraction of accepting in a accord and anticipate to myself, is this getting absolutely acceptable for me? Will this getting be a acceptable man and abeyant bedmate or would they just be an added burden?
Yes they may attending good, they may even allocution good, but accomplishments allege louder than words. Attending at their life, their accomplished history, attending at what they do over what they say and this is what would acquaint you if they are a fit getting to be in a accord with or not.
In today’s world, 50% of alliance end in divorce. This is for abounding reasons. But mainly it is because humans do not absolutely apperceive who they are marrying. They are so active putting on a facade, or searching at the concrete and do not reflect on if the getting fits into their continued appellation plan.
“Sophia, why do you even accord bisected these men the time of day? Get to absolutely apperceive them first. Do not pay absorption to the nice words they are speaking or what they promise. Acquisition out who they absolutely are, and again you will acquisition out if they are the one of you.”
This may complete like a none apprehensive affair to say, but God has apparent be what He wants me to be and what He wants me to do. And back again every getting that I go with, I see if they fit into that plan. There are assertive things about men that I accept to have. I do not like men who lie, cheat, steal, who accept a bad moral character, and those who are not Christian. Before I use to absorb such men, but again I begin that there was no point. These are the things that I crave from a man, and therefore, if they do not accept these characteristics, no amount how accomplished are, or how abundant their 8 packs looks acceptable to me; I rather pass.
I wish a man that is afterwards God aboriginal and foremost. Not just one that goes to abbey and fakes the alarm advertence they are Christian but there is annihilation in their claimed activity that resembles God.
I am not adage that all women should be like me, but I am so annoyed of women accommodating none faculty out of men. Allowing men to animation amid them, and angry anniversary added over a no acceptable man. What apple do we reside in?
I am annoyed of seeing men allocution about how their women bluff on them and how abundant of a bad women she is. I apperceive they saw her assuming bisected naked on Instagram, with man amount 1, 2, and 3. Why would she change that because she is with you?
A lot of relationships issues can be prevented if you debris to get into the relationships in the aboriginal place. A lot of men if apprentice to man up if women stop angry one addition over a apologetic abaft man and leave him abandoned to get his activity together. A lot of men would abstain trifling abaft women if they attending aloft her breast and base implants and in fact beam how she lives her activity and see that she is trifling.
I am not adage that you cannot attending for apparent actualization for the getting that you are with, but attending for something added than that. If a getting has a history of accepting a relationships of 3 months and affective on to the next. This is a red flag. Something is amiss with this. You do not charge to decay the next 3 months of your activity entering into a relationships with a getting area you can acutely see that something is amiss here.
When you get into a accord with someone, it is not your job to fix them and try to cast them into the getting they are meant to be. Leave that up to them and God. If God cannot do it for them, again amuse apperceive you absolutely cannot accomplish them into the man or women that you wish them to be.
Just anticipate about it, which one is worse. Wasting your adored time and accomplishment on anyone aggravating to accomplish them into a getting you wish to marry. Abandoned to be aghast in the end. Or acquisition anyone who is already a acceptable man or woman, and the two of you growing calm authoritative anniversary added bigger in the process. Anticipate about it.
On a fait un excellent séjours à l'Hotel Sainte Beuve! L'hotel est charmant, le service est excellent et la situation géographique est incomparable! Merci!
Smoking cigarettes brings many disadvantages. These include, for example, there is a risk of cancer and caused by the deposition in the lungs smoker’s cough . Tabacco caused thousands of hazardous substances and chemical compounds .
Already in the 70s, as pointed at shopec.co.uk an American had patented the operation of an electronic cigarette – to the production and distribution of such, there was at that time not yet, however.
This differs in fundamental ways from the traditional, where the wound in paper tobacco burned and inhaled. The electronic cigarette is a high tech device that is today already sold worldwide.
Many smokers want to give up the harmful substances in smoke, because it is only the nicotine , which is addictive and then also leads to satisfaction. Through the e-cigarette can be seen on the combustion products of tobacco, which in addition to toxins arsenic and cyanide , radioactive elements include, without.
Several million German use the e- cigarette by dealer information already regularly as a replacement for conventional cigarette. The electronic alternative to fag this looks similar at first glance to confuse . In addition to the shape, size and the typical colors , even burn some models a light at the end when the consumer pulls on the e- cigarette.
Computer users should think twice about which devices connect it via USB to your computer. Report of a forum user According to the may even be to Vireneinfallstor an e-cigarette.
Still can be found on e-cigarettes not phrases like “This cigarette can do irreparable damage when charging to your computer”. But you should vote the history of Reddit user-Jrockilla, then one would have to at least once think about privacy notices for such USB hardware. For what he says, sounds plausible and is extremely disturbing.
Jrockilla works claims to be in the IT department of a large company. One day one of his reports Chefs had infection with a computer virus, the source of which, despite several days of research can not be determined. But then it is still not clear how the malicious code appeared on the service computer: an e-cigarette to charge via USB. The virus was programmed into the cigarette hardware.
“The moral of the story,” writes Jrockilla: “Have you ever thought about the legitimacy of the 5 dollar Ebay Made-in-China USB device that you just put in your computer?”
In fact, virtually all USB devices would so wear a hardware health warning. Again and again on USB hardware – for example, the now famous viruses picture frame – that is infested with malware. This can occur unintentionally as by poorly maintained computer at the manufacturing site, or with intent.
How bad is the security of USB devices, demonstrated in July of employees Security Research Labs (SRLabs) from Berlin: you programmed the control software of the USB interface into any USB hardware. A protection against it, there is not practically a believe in the security researchers, all USB devices are vulnerable. The special feature of the attacks of Berlin should be the type of infection. “There is no contaminated file that could find an anti-virus program, the stick can be completely empty,” said SRLabs conductor Karsten Nohl at “time online”.
Yet not all is lost in the USB world. At least one tool provides protection against attacks such as the E-cigarette: a so-called USB condom, which allows you to charge your USB device at all times.
As the fall semester approaches, it’s time for a refresher on some of our most frequently asked questions about using the library.
Microbes—tiny organisms too small to be seen with the naked eye—have altered human history. Life forms such as bacteria, yeasts, and molds can cause sickness or restore health, and help produce foods and beverages for our consumption. Drawing from the collections of the National Museum of American History and the National Library of Medicine, From DNA to Beer is an exhibit that promotes public understanding of the dynamic relationship between microbes, technology, science, and medicine. Read more
The University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine has a partnership with the Nazarbayev University (NU) in Astana, Kazakhstan, to advise on the establishment of a new medical school. Barbara Epstein, HSLS director, and Nancy Tannery, HSLS senior associate director, traveled to Astana this past March. Read more
HSLS provides access to hundreds of medical e-books through ClinicalKey. In order to print a book chapter or access the PDF version of a book chapter in ClinicalKey, you must first create a Personal Account and log in. To do this, go to the HSLS home page and click on ClinicalKey in the Quick Links box. Select the Registration link on the top right corner of the ClinicalKey home page. You will be asked to enter a Username (your e-mail address) and a Password. These will serve as your credentials to log in to ClinicalKey. Once you have logged in, you can open the PDF versions of book chapters as well as print them.
F1000Workspace is an innovative suite of tools for collecting, managing, writing, sharing, collaborating, and citing scientific literature. This powerful new capability from Faculty of 1000 allows researchers to instantly save and annotate articles from the Web, write better and faster with a Word plugin, and import and share references with colleagues. Read more
The riveting story circulating on the Internet about Philip Verheyen dissecting his own amputated limb effectively draws attention to the Flemish surgeon and anatomist. He came from a modest family and was educated, with the help of private sponsors and communal funds, at the University of Leuven in Belgium. A brilliant student, he was on the fast track to complete his education to become a clergyman only to be halted by sudden illness which resulted in the amputation of his leg. Forced to change his career, he turned to medicine. After earning his degree in 1681, he continued his education at the University of Leyden, Holland, where he completed his doctoral dissertation and became acquainted with the greatest Dutch anatomists of his time. He returned to Leuven, where he was eventually granted the title of Royal Professor of Anatomy and was elected as Rector Magnificus in 1689. Read more
The HSLS Staff News section includes recent HSLS presentations, publications, staff changes, staff promotions, degrees earned, etc.
Nancy Tannery, HSLS senior associate director, has been appointed Chair of the Literature Selection and Technical Review Committee (LSTRC) for the coming year July 2015–June 2016. A National Library of Medicine committee, LSTRC advises on matters of policy related to the evaluation and recommendation of biomedical publications to be considered for indexing and inclusion in MEDLINE. Read more
The HSLS Update is an online newsletter published twelve times a year by the Health Sciences Library System of the University of Pittsburgh. Links and information are up-to-date when published but are not updated after publication.
Shaun lives a supremely uneventful life, which revolves around his girlfriend, his mother, and, above all, his local pub. This gentle routine is threatened when the dead return to life and make strenuous attempts to snack on ordinary Londoners.
Mickey, Minnie and I have a close relationship. Each year they come to visit my children and I in Ottawa. Well, maybe they come to see all the Disney fans in Ottawa, but we like to think we have something to do with it.
“Grab your Mickey ears and get ready for the ultimate Disney experience at Disney On Ice celebrates 100 Years of Magic! Be charmed by a cast of over 50, with Mouse-ter of Ceremonies Mickey Mouse, sweetheart Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy and Disney Princesses including Cinderella, Rapunzel, Ariel, Snow White and Tiana. Relive the magic of Disney’s Frozen with Anna, Elsa and the hilarious Olaf as they discover that true love is the greatest magic of all. Sing-along to over 30 unforgettable songs including “Let It Go,” “You’ve Got a Friend in Me,” and “Hakuna Matata.” Exciting moments from Disney Pixar’s Toy Story, Finding Nemo, Disney’s The Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin and more will leave the whole family with memories to last a lifetime. Show off your moves at the Disney Magic of Healthy Living dance-along pre-show inspired by the Disney Healthy Living commitment as the celebration of the century skates into your hometown!”
If you have never been to a Disney on Ice show, you should check out on Disney on Ice’s Facebook page on follow along on Twitter @DisneyOnIce. Both social media channels have pictures, updates and all of the latest information for Disney on Ice fans.
Disney on Ice performances will take place at the Canadian Tire Centre located in Kanata. There are performances in both English & French. Tickets for all the performances can be purchased here.
The kids and I have not missed a performance in 6 years and we are excited to share the upcoming performance with one lucky Ottawa & area fan. I have a family four pack of 4 tickets to the opening night performance of Disney on Ice: 100 Years of Magic to give away entry using the entry tool below.
Good luck, I cannot wait to see you there. We will be the family wearing the Mickey & Minnie Mouse ears!
Hand-lettered sentiment. Hand painted pulpboard card with blue foil. Each card has a unique abstract design. Paired with a grey envelope.
Photos Naughty America Bonnie Rotten Bonnie Rotten is visiting her grandparents and is bored out of her mind. She has some time to kill before meeting up with her friends so she calls her grandparent's butler over to entertain her. The butler assures her that he's not really a sour Views: 1,796
Photos Naughty America Missy Martinez Missy Martinez is helping her friend out by giving her friend's husband some fashion advice. While undressing him though she notices why her friend married him. His nice fat cock. One accidental grab of his dick and now Missy needs to have it inside her. Views: 3,314
Photos Brazzers Missy Martinez When The Butler Attacks! Missy's parents are in Montreal for the weekend. She stayed at home alone with the butler and she lo... Views: 2,231
Beaurepaires has a long and impressive Australian heritage. We believe in placing the customer at the heart of everything we do and pride ourselves in meeting their needs with honesty, integrity, commitment, quality and professional expertise at all times.
We believe in placing the customer at the heart of everything we do and pride ourselves in meeting their needs with honesty, integrity, commitment, quality and professional expertise at all times.
A Beaurepaires commercial franchise gives you the opportunity to become a part of this trusted and nationally recognised, market leading tyre industry brand. Our aim is to create long-standing, mutually beneficial relationships by partnering with franchisees who:
As a franchisee, Beaurepaires’ rich history and brand strength becomes your competitive advantage. We will provide you with dedicated support resources and market leading products to set on the path to success.
Your new, used or refurbished Samsung BlackJack can be found for sale online through websites like eBay, eBid, uBid, Amazon and many more shopping stores. Auction Alfie makes sure you get the best price for your Samsung BlackJack .
Auction Alfie's shopping, auction and classified search. Find and compare prices of secondhand, used and new stuff for sale through online auctions and classified ads in the US, UK and Australia.
The best places to sell your Samsung BlackJack are listed on Auction Alfie. You could try selling your Samsung BlackJack on auction websites like eBay, eBid or uBid, or try classified websites like Craigslist, Loot or Gumtree, or also Amazon Marketplace.
And it seems that spring is coming, and less black in my outfits. But while the cold won't go away, knitwears are here to stay, like this jacket in aztec print, remembering another trend of the next season, which I've used a lot of times!
Adjust contrast of a pdf free - Closer to the eye of the shooter, this is because Preview is quite literally applying a filter to each individual page of the PDF you are saving. the proce...
Powered by Coppermine Photo Gallery. Copyright© 2004 - 2014 Hugo Weaving | Random Scribblings / Theme by Gin & Tonic
Its innate to men to feel the importance of performance. They always want a healthy, enjoyable together with satisfactory sex life. So sex is very important that will men. However , it is not so easy to make it. While men grow old, their capabilities become reduced and lesser. This is related to men’s difficulty about erectile dysfunction. Because of age, or often medical condition, men find it hard to gain building even during the hottest or steamiest celebration with partner. It is very frustrating for them in which their penis cannot react with the condition. They cannot take advantage of the opportunity. It is the very explanation that they are all interested in male enhancement products.
If they buy the male sex capsules, the key issue to note first is what types of ingredients come in these products. Many pills consist of a wide variety of european medicine. There are a lot of side effects along with it. Nonetheless there are also some traditional Chinese medicine that is mixed up of natural herbs and extracts. These removes have been used for thousands of years to treat a lot of situations and have been proven to work. Ninety Degrees Pills is really a kind of male enhancement product. It has been tested being green, healthy and powerful.
The top-class sex stamina capsule Ninety Degrees can be a scientifically backed and clinically trialed merchandise that bears the perfect quality and motion. It is designed to increase strong desire as well as libido, gain quick, rock-solid and long-wearing erection as well as enlarge the penis in length and also girth. This product works by increasing the blood movement to the tissue of the corpora cavernosa, easily filling the blood chambers and allowing for some sort of sustained erection, provide ejaculation control towards last as long as you want, maintain your hardest lovemaking, even after orgasm as well as increase your penis long and girth to strengthen and harden your own personal erection and achieve more sensitive experiencing during sex.
The healthy male enhancement capsule Ninety Degrees can provide you a chance to enjoy yourself with no arranging or waiting. Try it once and you will enjoyed forever!
This entry was posted in male enhancement and tagged Ninety Degrees, Ninety Degrees pills for sale, Ninety Degrees reviews, Ninety Degrees wholesale on June 19, 2018 by fickyump.
I hope you're all having a great December and are enjoying all of the hustle and bustle of the Christmas season. My husband and I have been out of the country from December 1-14 so when we returned, I literally had to hit the ground running. I'm finally getting over the jet lag that I didn't have time for! lol I've been enjoying listening to a LOT of Christmas music as I work on Christmas gifts and address all of the cards that I should have already had out in the mail. Ah well, they went out today so there is still hope!
I made quite a few of this particular card as it was quick to mass produce and looks like I spent more time on it than I really did. I heat embossed the Holiday Bells stamp from I Brake for Stamps with silver embossing powder. I love the ribbon in the stamp and the classy-looking bells!
It measures a standard A2 size (4.25 x 5.5") and I've dry embossed the card front using a Sizzix embossing folder from Stampin' Up! (can't recall the name). To that I've added a silver glitter mat measuring 4.0" x 5.25" just to make it 'pop.' The hop layer measures 3.75" x 5". The blue cardstock is Not Quite Navy by SU!. The sentiment is an SU! stamp. I decided to round 2 of the corners on all of the layers to soften it a bit, and finished the card off with some half-backed pearls.
I think this bell stamp would be a nice one for a wedding card as well...and can you totally see that ribbon paper pieced with pretty, feminine paper? Love it...definitely going to try that when I have time! You can see this and thousands of other stamps on the IBFS website.
Hello Everyone! This is Chrissy D! Welcome to the I Brake For Stamps Blog! Isn't this image adorable???
Have you checked out the Clearance items? You can see them here. You can also see all of the Deals of the Week here!
hello! I'm here to show you my vintage card for the ongoing challenge! You still have 10 days to join us and we sure hope you will!
I used the IBFS image called Elegant Joy! As elegant as it is, it was quite easy to color up with my copics!
Good morning! It's Holly here with a new challenge from the I Brake for Challenges blog. Today we are going vintage! :-)
I paper pieced the dress and the tiny flowers on the dress form. This beautiful stamp is the Ribbon Dress from I Brake for Stamps. Once I had the dress ready to go, I just had fun adding various elements like the ribbon, the doily, the designer papers, and the pearls.
Check out what the other designers have created for this challenge over on the I Brake for Challenges blog. We'd love to see what you create, so please enter your own artwork in this challenge for a chance to win a prize. :-)
Such a cute little puppy; he's just as sweet as they come. This is Christmas Puppy from I Brake for Stamps and I was so glad to get him. Although I'm not much of a kitty fan (sorry), I do love dogs (especially puppies!)
I decided on a soft, non-traditional colored card for today with lots of pinks and pastel colors. The paper is from Webster's Pages, so it was my color inspiration.
I've used several nesties on here: Oval, Labels 14, and Fancy Tags 1. I added some Stickles around a bit to add some sparkle. The silk ribbon, filigree corner accent and pearl brads are from Wild Orchid Crafts. The puppy has been colored using my Letraset Promarkers; love using those things! :)
Okay, that's my Christmas card share for today. I hope it inspires you to make something handmade this Christmas season. If you'd like to check out the Christmas Puppy, you can follow the link HERE.
Hello Stampers!!! This is Chrissy D - Ever work really hard on a project than screw it up by spilling or splashing something all over it? hat is what happened with this ADORABLE bunny!!! I colored several images only to ruin it by trying to air brush another piece and have it splatter ink! VERY FRUSTRATING! THe good news I was able to turn lemons into lemonade by cutting out the image and changing the layout I had!
Christmas is RIGHT around the corner! Do you send out a lot of Christmas cards? I Brake For Stamps has released some fabulous new designs from Sylvia Zet (a Whimsy Stamp product)!! You can see the latest release HERE. There are FIVE new designs and they are SO adorable!!!!
{Jane Bosi} I trust we have all survived our turkey comas?? This past weekend was full of family time.....I started feeling a bit nostalgic and wanted to share a project featuring fabby I Brake For Stamps and my lil man! On this cork frame, I'm using the Ornate Inchies Background stamp. It could easily be used as seen or separated into individual stamps. The images are unique and lovely and so very versatile. The technique, Cork Frames, can be found on the TJNL Stampbooking CD, also available in the I Brake For Stamps store! Check it out!
The picture of my crazy little man is from a few years ago.....my, how fast they grow! He still cracks me up daily :) I hope your day is full of laughter......and ink :) TTFN, Jane
Makes no difference who you are. I must say that being a Guest Designer for I Brake for Stamps this past 4 months, has been a wish that has come true. Della has been beyond generous and to work with such quality stamps has truly been a treat.
Hi everyone, Erika Taylor here with my last post for I Brake for Stamps. I wanted to save this stamp for an extra special occasion and I think today certainly qualifies. I stamped the image using Versamark and embossed with a really pretty pewter embossing powder. The perfect stamp for these feminine papers and ribbons too.
Thank you so so very much Della for allowing me to be a part of your team. It has truly been an honor. Never forget to wish upon those stars, you never know when a wish may come true.
Have you been busy with your Thanksgiving preparations? Here's some eye candy for you while you are taking a break from the kitchen.
These Holiday Bears from I Brake for Stamps are just adorable! I love them all, and here are two of them for you today. You can buy the set of six (at a wonderful savings!) or you can buy each bear individually.
I've used the sweet Caroler Bears on this first card. It looks like a simple card, but just wait til you open it. :-)
When you open it, you see the fun fold of this card. I used the Z-fold technique from Technique Junkies (Fancy Folds cd).
On this second card, I've used the darling Holly Angel Bear. She is colored with Copic markers and I used the Double Ruffle technique from Technique Junkies on the bottom edge of the card.
I also used some shimmery Fairy Dust paint (Creative Inspirations Paint) on the wings and all the burgundy-colored areas. You can see the pretty shimmer in this picture below:
Hello Everyone, it's Robyn here. I have a cute, sweet, adorable stamp to share with you today. It is called Snow Family; you can see it on the IBFS website HERE. I think this has got to be the most adorable little snowman stamp ever! I really ❤ it!
I colored it in using Letraset Promarkers and added a bit of glitter here and there but it didn't mean much to finish this card off. Super simple, fast and oh so cute! =) The papers are Webster's Pages, and I've added some silk ribbon, pearls and little jingle bells that I attached to a little chain to make it more interactive. Super fun!
While your checking out the little Snow Family, you may also want to check out the "Deal of the Week" and the "Clearance" section. Della has some amazing deals going on. I've already been over there and placed my order. What are you waiting for? :-) It's a great time to get started on those Christmas cards and projects! Enjoy creating new memories this time of year! Hope everyone has a blessed Thanksgiving!
Hello Everyone - This is Chris Dickinson here! I think with Thanksgiving right around the corner, people are thinking about BLACK FRIDAY!!! So isn't it appropriate to have this adorable little guy thinking of his Wish List?
This image is the latest Sylvia Zet by Wee Stamps now available at I Brake For Stamps! Adorable and FUN to color!!! Be sure to check out these new images!
{Jane Bosi} Happy Monday!! I used this beautiful Butterfly Collage image for a fun little technique called Negative Positive ( TJNL, October 2011). With snow on the ground, it will be awhile before we see the butterflies around again. The great thing about stamps......any day can be a butterfly day! I hope your today is butterfly-ish and stampy :) TTFN, Jane
I have been a Michelangelo fan since I was about 4. The work he did is simply breathtaking and when I saw how many Michelangelo stamps I Brake for Stamps had, I was truly in heaven.
HI everyone, Erika Taylor here to share with you a card I created with the Michelangelo 2 stamp. I colored the image with a combination of Copics and acrylic paints and I really quite like the outcome. I hope you do too.
Thank you so much for stopping in today. I hope you all have a great rest of your weekend. Until next time.
Good morning! It's Holly posting today. I Brake for Stamps has some brand new Sylvia Zet Wee Stamps(a Whimsy Stamps product) in the store. These are the most adorable stamps, and I was fortunate enough to play with three of them.
Before I show you my creations, there is a new challenge over on the I Brake for Challenges blog. This week is all about the Four Seasons - fall, winter, spring, and summer. Create something that evokes any of those four seasons and enter it into the challenge (IBFCC#14).
For my first card, I colored this sweet Wee Florist in some warm autumn colors and added some Wild Orchid flowers (also from I Brake for Stamps). I've used the Wisped Frames technique from Technique Junkies around the image.
For my second creation, I've colored this same Wee Florist in some spring-themed pinks and lavenders. This is actually a Big Flap Card - a fun new Technique Junkies tech from their new 3D and Fun Folds cd.
Now for a fun winter project - a Shadowbox card with this adorable Christmas Bunny. Doesn't this just make you smile? The Shadowbox2 technique can be found on the 3D & Fun Folds cd from Technique Junkies.
One more winter-themed card: I named this one "Dear Santa." This cute little boy reading this letter is called A Letter for Me and he's just as darling as can be in his little jammies with his puppy and his kitty right next to him. I've used the Cuttlebug Highlights technique with this fun card.
I covered three seasons - fall, spring, and winter - with my creations today. We'd love to see what seasonal creation(s) you want to share with us over on the I Brake for Challenges blog. You can also see some more artwork with these new Wee Stamps over on the challenge blog - hint hint!!
Ready to go shopping for these new Wees? Head on over to I Brake for Stamps by clicking on this link. Have fun!!
Hello Everyone and a very happy Wednesday to each of you! I have a new stamp release to share with you that I totally adore. This new line by Whimsy Stamps called "Wee Stamps" is by Scottish designer Sylvia Zett. They are just the sweetest images ever! There are quite a few new stamps with this release, so I know you'll want to check them out HERE. Such cuties! So glad IBFS is carrying them!
For my card today, I'm sharing the image called "Let it Snow", now do I really want to see snow? Not just yet but this little cutie is making the idea of snow seem a whole lot more pleasant. Isn't she sweet? They won't be in stock for long...the last release was sold out fast.
Hello Everyone! I am SO excited to be back to joining the I Brake For Stamps Design Team again! Have you checked out all of the fabulous things Della has added to the website?
Della even has a new Rick St. Dennis bears (see my card -aren't these bears the cutest!?) and the latest Embossing Arts holiday images and the new KennyK holiday stamps! Check out Mistletoe and Mrs. Clause here.
Who is ready to make some Christmas cookies?? I have to say, this sweet bear and his ginger friends make me want to get out the flour and turn on some jingle bell tunes!
My image can be found in the I Brake For Stamps store. He is part of the newly released Christmas Bears from Rick St. Dennis. I love all of the Rick St. Dennis images--they definitely appeal to my fun/cutsie side! Be sure to check them all out!
Can you believe that Christmas is only 6 weeks away? AHHHHHH, time to buckle down and get things started for the season. What better way to gain some motivation and mojo, than to create a Holiday Card!
Hi everyone, Erika Taylor here today to share with you a card I created using my absolute favorite Christmas Stamp from I Brake for Stamps.The moment I saw this beautiful stamp in the store, I knew I needed to have it. The perfect image for anyone at Christmas.
To create this card, I used some Fancy Pants papers, gold ribbon, gold glitter and Distress Inks to paint the Reindeer Collage Stamped image. A little Creative Charms bling and it was finished. The Reindeer Collage Stamp is truly magnificent to stamp and I hope that you take a few moments to grab it from the store.
When it comes to Collage Images, I love adding just that little bit of color. It really makes the image come alive. Try your hand at adding a little color and have fun. Until next time
Ho ho ho!!!!!!!! It's Holly posting today. Isn't this Santa Bear just adorable??? This is one of the brand new bears from I Brake for Stamps. These holiday bears are so cute!
This Santa Bear is colored with Copic markers and I added some white Flower Soft for some powdery snow along the bottom. I've used the Stacked Nesties technique from Technique Junkies - a fun and easy technique. The blue snowy background is some patterned paper from My Mind's Eye.
So which holiday bear do you think I'll share with you next time?? Which one is your favorite? Leave a comment and maybe a lucky someone will receive a special Christmas card. :-)
Hello Everyone, Robyn here. It's an amazing Wednesday today! I have a cute little card to share with you using the Snowman Gang stamp from I Brake for Stamps. I've been busy working on my Christmas cards and so far they're all different. LOL I need to settle on one and get busy mass producing. This one is a cutie but not really practical for mailing out so is set to go to a friend's family here local to me.
I've used my Letraset Promarkers to color it in and then used my snow writer on the bottom for a bit of snow. The card measures 6"x6".
I've been creating some ATC's as of late and I was so moved by this beautiful image. Something about Cupid I think, being a romantic for sure. So I created an Autumn ATC using the Love Collage Stamps.
Hi Everyone, Erika Taylor here today sharing some Cupid and Glimmer Mist love with you. I first sprayed a white piece of card stock with Harvest Orange, Candy Apple Red and Sun Sisters Glimmer Mists. Then I stamped the image using Brown Memento ink and finished the ATC with white gel pen and a little Stickles for more sparkle. Hope you like it
Make sure you check out the beautiful Collage stamps available at I Brake For Stamps. They are truly stunning
Now that Halloween has passed, it is time to start thinking about the Holiday Season: Full of miracles, cheer and magic. There is something to this day that I'm drawn to, when it comes to Jolly Old Saint Nick. Maybe it is the child in me, but he makes me smile from ear to ear.
Hi everyone, Erika Taylor here today to share with you a sweet little card featuring a wonderful Christmas image. The Small Nostalgic Santa is so perfectly drawn and I love how you can add a little paint and markers to give that Jolly man a little umph. I added a little puff paint for the fur trim and his white beard to really make him shine.
If you are looking for amazing stamps for Christmas, check out the HUGE selection at I Brake for Stamps. There is truly something for everyone. I hope you are all having a great week. I see you all on Sunday. Until then...
Good morning, everyone! It's time for another challenge on the I Brake for Challenges blog. The theme for this week is "White Out." Nooooooo - we don't want you to use the white out stuff that we used in school to cover up our mistakes. LOL We want to see what you create when you do NOT use any white on your project. No white cardstock, no white ink, no white, period.
I pulled out this sweet country stamp of a momma horse and her baby grazing in the meadow. This is called "Mare and Colt" from I Brake for Stamps. I stamped it with Rich Cocoa Memento ink, and then colored in the grass and trees and mountains. For the horses, I used the Silhouette technique from Technique Junkies. It's an interesting take on this scene.
I overstamped this scene with my beloved Holly's Tattered Background stamp to give it that weathered, aged, time-worn look. To enhance the aged appearance, I distressed the edges, and then I added some brads and brown twine to frame the scene.
There is no white on this card at all. I've used kraft cardstock for my main image and some Artichoke and Chocolate Chip cardstock for the matting.
Give your stamps another look and see what you can create for this White Out challenge. Need more inspiration? Check out what the other girls created over on the IBFCC blog by clicking here. We'd love to have you play along with us!
It's a happy Wednesday around here today! I hope your day is going fabulous as well! If not, I hope this little card brings a smile to your face. I thought I would give you a little sneak peek of a soon-to-be-released Christmas Bear stamp sheet from IBFS. I did hear through the grape vine that it will be released later this week! *squeal* It's such a fun, cute set. I know you'll want to be on the look out for that.
The card measures 6"x6". I have created a background pattern using the Merry Christmas/Balls stamp; which I've embossed with clear embossing powder. You can see it better below.
I added some subtle shimmer spray just to add a little somethin'-somethin'. For the stamped layer, I've used the Labels 1 nestie and have edged around it using silver Martha Stewart glitter glue. I think it made the image "pop" a bit more.
I've used my Letraset Promarkers to color in the image and then chalked around it using a soft green/grey chalk.
Good morning! This is my card for this week's Belli Challenge. We are doing a unique twist this time - it's called 1234. Basically you use a certain number of certain items so they fit into the 1234 group. For example, you could use 1 ribbon, 2 brads, 3 stamps, and 4 sheets of paper. You decide what embellishments go with each number.
My background is a technique that I created called Collaged Circles. If you are a subscriber to the Technique Junkies newsletter, you can look up the tutorial to see how to create your own background. :-)
Isn't that a fun challenge? You could have all kinds of combinations. Why don't you give it a whirl?
We stay regularly and always find it like home. The hotel couldn't be better, and there are several fine restaurants on the block.
My wife and I had an amazing stay and it was my first time in Paris. The staff was very courteous and made our stay very pleasant. Would highly recommend to friends and we will definitely come back
I think your team at the Sainte Beuve are very nice and considerate and extremely helpful. I would highly recommend (and have already recommended your hotel to friends) the hotel!
“Un écrin de gout et de confort”Avis publié: Il y a 2 jours NOUVEAUun écrin raffiné et chaleureux , une décoration exquise , des petits déjeuners à la hauteur de la déco, un personnel charmant et attentif.Par ailleurs l'emplacement est idéal , prés du boulevard Montparnasse ,et à 100 metres des deux bouches de métro.
Light Weight and Durable: Only 2ouces ultra-light weight, but its sturdy and long lasting replacement.
This decorative chain can be easily attached and removed from both external rings on each side of the purse.
Billionaire businessman J.B. Pritzker will defeat Republican incumbent Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner Tuesday night, Fox News projects.
Heir to the Hyatt Hotels fortune and a Gold Coast investor, Pritzker founded the Pritzker Group, a private investment firm. Pritzker Group Venture Capital, according to his biography, is the largest technology venture investor in the Midwest. Additionally, Pritzker founded 1871, a non-profit that serves digital startups in Chicago.
On his campaign website, Pritzker addressed the complaint that his wealth makes him similar to President Trump and Rauner. The difference, he said, is that “it’s a matter of values,” adding “Trump and Rauner are trying to destroy many of the things I’ve spent my life fighting for.”
He said his great-grandfather moved to Chicago without wealth and was helped by a social service agency and the public school system.
“You can’t pull yourself up by your bootstraps if you don’t have any, and this state gave my great-grandfather his bootstraps,” his website said.
Pritzker has been an advocate for early childhood education for decades, he previously told the Chicago Sun-Times. His work has included expanding federal school breakfast grants – impacting more than 200,000 children in low-income districts – and organizing the White House Summit on Early Childhood Education during the Obama administration, he said.
While Rauner championed school choice programs, Pritzker has said public school issues should take priority, according to The State Journal-Register. Pritzker cited problems with the state’s education system as one of the most critical issues Illinois faces.
Along with his siblings, Pritzker grew up in California. His father died at a young age of a heart attack, and his mother eventually passed away due to her struggles with alcoholism.
He told the Chicago Sun-Times in a 2017 interview his mother is a “hero” to him. Pritzker would eventually move to Chicago to live with a relative.
Pritzker graduated from Duke University with a political science degree and Northwestern University School of Law.
It seems as though the Intel iMac's speeds are a hotly contested item these days. Here's another article stating that the new Intel iMac's speeds, although much faster, aren't really as fast as Apple claims.
Share the Step by Step Knowledge, Ideas and Experiences About the It world. You can find Easy learning from here by the given step by step guide To Install and Implements Related and the Other Upcoming info techs Products.
As agreed, Google+ is now available for Google Apps users. Administrators can empower the new service from the manipulate board, as described here. Google+ demands that Picasa Web Albums and Google Talk are empowered and that the governing body benefits the new statements infrastructure. If the two services are empowered and the pick to
After the empowering the service, you want to hold back a small number minutes until you can use it. Obviously, users have to manually unite Google+ by staying at plus.google.com. "Google Apps users will have entry to to the matching set of aspects that are obtainable to every Google+ customer, and more. In augmentation to dividing publicly or with your disks, you'll in addition have the pick to share with all population in your governing body, even if you haven't adjoined all of those population to a circle," clarifies Google.
It's fascinating that Google+ is obtainable for higher training schools, but not for other training schools because users ought be a least 18 years aged to use Google+.
You possibly discerned that Google+ grows amazingly high-speed, speedier than any other Google service. The support for Google Apps is not the only new feature: there's Hot on Google+ (a segment that climaxes admired posts), Ripples (a visualization implement for public allocations and comments) and a Creative Kit for image modifying propelled by Picnik.
State of new fumarole (yellow stripe of sulphurs deposits over it) into active crater of the volcano on July 26, 2011
You and I will both take a step back and watch the two aviator pilgrims finding their way together – the Kid (or Kid) and Sums. The ‘call signs’ are real and the aviators are real. The Kid is me, and I was born at a very early age and baptized Francis Edward McIntire, Jr. – the first in a line of seven boys raised in a fairly strict Roman Catholic family. Sums is William ‘Wild Bill’ Sumner, raised in the First United Methodist tradition, corn-fed, free range, and grew up on Friday-night lights.
I (Kid) married my college sweetheart – Patricia Leigh Carter from Avondale, Arizona. Pat, her two older sisters, and older brother were Air Force ‘brats’- the son and daughters of a career military NCO who occupied Japan and won the Cold War as a G2 (intelligence) super-sergeant, and hiding in plain view as a musician in the Air Force Band. Pat and I met in my senior year of college, and married at my first duty assignment following pilot training. Pat was born in Tokyo, and we were married on the deck of the ski lodge at Mount Charleston – located north of Las Vegas, and west of the Las Vegas/Reno highway. Within two months of the nuptials we left Babylon and arrived in the United Kingdom, fully prepared to support and defend the Constitution of the United States, and the Alliance between the U.S. and its most trusted NATO allies.
Bill ‘Sums’ Sumner is from Abilene – known for the ‘prettiest girls you’ve ever seen’. Bill chose more wisely than the others and married Karen from Arkansas. Bill and Karen set out on an adventure that was completely different from anything back home. Just as the four-year old appears god-like to the three-year-old; Sums’ rank of Captain and the railroad tracks on his epaulets were a constant reminder to the butter-bars and first leftenants that regardless of where they had been or what they had done – Bill had been there first and had done that already.
The Kid and Sums flew with other Tigers, and other Tigers flew with them. The true nectar of the gods was not ambrosia, nor was it the brewed elixirs dispensed with solemn reverence at Jandy’s Pub – the crowning glory of the World War II-vintage Officers Club. Both Kid and Sums knew that the true path that lay before them was in the razor-thin gap between the here and now and the Kingdom of God; between Heaven and Earth; between Darth Vader’s carpeted office and the squadron parking lot; and between runway 27 and the airspace controlled by London Center. The true path was in the ‘run, Rachel, run’ space that was best defined as uncontrolled airspace just north of Hadrian’s Wall.
And so it begins – the quest for spiritual growth. Two pilgrims who already learned that physical growth and maturity is based on the key factor of time. They knew that intellectual growth is based on education and learning. And in the story that follows – you will see that they learned that spiritual growth is based on one thing and one thing only – suffering. And suffering is the one thing that Christian pilgrims all experience in their spiritual growth. Still, we do not do it alone or in our own strength. We learn that we can do all things through Christ Jesus; we know that the Lord has sent the Holy Spirit as another comforter; and we know that we must don the full armor of God – and prepare for spiritual warfare.
With a click of the mouse you are taken ... This website provides responsible criticism of the 9/11 Commission Report by senior military, intelligence and government officialsMy Harvard Classics is an interactive Harvard Classics Reading Guide on the WebI thought this would go nowhere in the 1970s since the "binding" and territorial claiming was such a disaster. Infinite Warfareâ€™s June 27 update had a hilarious, disastrous bug: the Proteus rifle would automatically kill every enemy in a playerâ€™s view if it was fired from ... This $40 standalone version of Modern Warfare does not include the â€œvariety map packâ€� that Activision sells separately for $15, so if you want everything, you ... Finish the Harvard Classics in 90 daysA Biblically based commentary on current issues that impact youWhich is itself amazing in that I bet a lot of people are feeling very old right nowby Bob DeWaay STRATEGIC LEVEL SPIRITUAL WARFARE1 [1776] Martin Luther - Hitler's Spiritual Ancestor by Peter FFalse Spiritual Warfare Teachings: How the Church Becomes PaganIt provides experienced ... Edward Gibbon, The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, volAny man who decries doctrine as ... â€�Shivaji was the greatest Hindu king that India had produced within the last thousand years; one who was the very incarnation of lord Siva, about whom prophecies ...
Equally amazing is just ... THE AUTHOR'S FOREWORD The author of this book claims one qualification for offering a work on theology, his love for the subjectWiener--Many of the Reformers were NOT the saints much of Protestant Church History paints them asBut the bright red one she wore in the ... As of right now, Star Wars is officially 40 years oldSGM Herb Friedman (Ret.) Note: Images from this article were used in â€œThree Practical Lessons from the Science of Influence Operations Message ... SPIRITUALITY, RELIGION, CULTURE, AND PEACE: EXPLORING THE FOUNDATIONS FOR INNER-OUTER PEACE IN THE TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY Linda Groff California â€¦ Alias, the spy-fi show that also included an old Italian prophet for some reason, put star Jennifer Garner in a number of wigsThis work ... THE DEATH CARD
I'd love to blast a bit of Voivod and make a better-looking gun turret to glue on the tortoise's shell to make it look like Killing Technology, but the wife won't let me. I think I'll get an Emperor penguin instead.
I think you're probably gonna have to hand out some ultimatums to your band members, unfortunately. Get that hair growin' or kick fucking rocks!
Illusions Dead is the band name. We're beginning the recording of our first release this week, so we're not on archives yet.
The other guitarist and drummer had a long hair before their military service, which of course requires quite short hair. Unfortunately, I'm not sure how much longer I can maintain mine. It used to be much longer before the army, too.
It's funny what this forum has done to my perceptions. Without initially looking at your location (I swear!) I could already tell the guitarist stage-right was a Finn. It's unmistakable, yet hard-to-define. Of course I was only joking about the hair. Who gives a flying fuck.
I'm one of those weirdos who will acknowledge a bands existence even if they aren't on the archives yet! You guys have any live stuff on youtube or anything?
Ilwhyan, I kinda like the sample track you have up. Any gigs in the near future anywhere in Helsinki/Espoo? I'll be there with a basket of rotten fruit and a marker pen, so that I can either pelt you with crap or ask for a signature on my hairless chest, depending on the level of suckage/excellence.
Nothing worthwhile, Jonpo. We have a very shitty demo from 2010 that will never see the light of day, and more recent rehearsal recordings with horrible sound quality (one of the tracks can be heard on Myspace), since we're going to record proper versions of the same songs in a short while.
Napero, glad you enjoyed it despite the poor sound and performance. No gigs are planned as of now, but I'll be sure to advertise as soon as something comes up!
The shit that call of duty and your recruiter forgets to mention...Nothing makes me wanna re-enlist like guarding someone else's bullshit at 3 in the morning, as punishment for...actually I was never told what I was being punished for. Probably breathing.
Here's what happens when I'm rushed into doing face paint at a show. This was at Dusk in Providence, RI on Halloween where we headlined with Gravesideservice and Abnormality.
Me with good face paint from one of the tour shows in Manchester, NH (best show of the tour, by the way).
And my favorite photo of me ever from the Palladium in Worcester, MA last April during my first show with Sorrowseed.
I'm just perpetually annoyed by Sean William Scott and he's never been in a movie where I wasn't rooting for his head to sever by strange means.
Resting after doing your job for 8 hours, having to do errand runs for every officer that sees you, getting counseled for something obvious, being part of the blame just by unit or platoon association... they'll find anything.
Yesterday was the birthday of school pal and I met the chick of my sigh (I've talked about here before, the she-wolf I use to be inlove with)... Maaan she was using a mini-skirt too damn insane... Dude you could saw her entire soul every time she sit...
This is me(with buddies cropped out) mid-hike on one of my favorite trails in the world: Burgess Falls SNA near Sparta, Tennessee. Highly recommended if you're nearby.
That's why only rookies take jobs that involve being around officers. Especially officers ranked higher than lieutenant.
The year is 2248 AD. My sustenance has been achieved though periodic DNA reset procedures. Unfortunately for me, this will be one of my last entries. The Yakuza captured me and rather than killing me, they injected me with cytotoxins. I will soon lose motor functions. For now, I've found sanctuary in this medical facility where health professionals are monitoring my motor functions. They say they will be able to slow the effect of the cytotoxins but not for long. It's been circulating around town that backward time travel has been achieved by the Japanese and that the Yakuza will be the first beings to sample this technology. It's also been rumored that one of their first objectives is to travel to 2013 and put my 24 year old self into a debilitating state. This is of no surprise considering that I solved The Great Question that year and it is of no surprise to me that they want to assume credit for my work. During that year I improved my sleeping situation and reactivated parts of my brain that were deprived of oxygen for several years, thus enabling me to create the ultimate algorithm. They plan on capturing me and lobotomizing me in the past. I will have to follow them somehow, beat the living shit out of myself and assume my own identity while the Yakuza lobotomizes me so that my past self can prosper and ultimately ensure that I receive credit for my work.
Well apparently it was because somebody decided to cry to the squad leaders that they "did post already"...3 days prior, and I was the only person who hadn't done it in awhile that they could pick to get this dude to quit being a baby I hate people!
I never thought anything of it till recently but all the other branches are really heavy on officers compared to the Marine Corps. All my freinds in the Army, Navy and Air Force are around officers constantly...On a normal day I sometimes see our Lt, and maybe walk by the Co and Xo...that's really it. They're very separated from us.
OK, so I got married a month ago, and here is me and my 3 groomsmen singing Rainbow - Stargazer at the reception, I'm the guy with the mic.
dreameat la mode, thanks whoever mentioned the handy tip about using the mirror to line up the camera not just snapping away at the reflection in the mirror
So good. Makes me want to break up with my girlfriend, quit my job and never move out of my parents house. Just totally destroy my life for Satan.
in a time before the internet or online accounts that needed 'names' i signed up in a music shop for a reward points scheme and the name just popped into my head, i also used it for my first hotmail account, which i still have, i also still use the reward points scheme but it's no longer a stamped book but a card that gets scanned welcome to the fewcha! (><.)
and yes! i have been attacked my magpies and these massive damn seagulls we have here called "black back gulls"
ha ha thanks man, and hopefully i won't need most of that thermometer, not like you poor blokes over there!
Yeah, the thermometer is working overtime lately. It's been fucking hot. It would be worse if I had those dreads!
I was looking for the black ones, and after seeing Mia wearing them I taught "they're perfect"! And after came the pink, and there was light!! I always liked a lot of pink, since I remember. Curiously this has never been a color that wore in clothes, indeed, the pink pieces in my closet could be counted on the fingers of one hand only, but when it comes to accessories pink has always been the protagonist, believe me!! Ballerinas, rings, earrings, wallets and pouches for the phone, until the phone itself, and all in pink! At this time I don't use many of these things but few days ago I found myself staring at the shelf of shoes and thought "I don't have any pink shoes, how is it possible?!!". However I walked into Zara, and this sandals were laughing to me! I took them and went straight to the dressing room, and yes, it's true, they're really perfect, and apart of the furor with the Alaia inspired model (which I also love, by the way), I think I prefer these who are well compensated! Didn't bought them yet, because is still isn't time to use them, because the one you see in the picture are a number below my and also because I have a party in a few months, and if doesn't appear anything better, these will certainly be the elected! However I've already imagined a thousand of outfits with them on the feet! And then, do you like??
As 2016 comes to a close we have a good time reviewing episode 19 - Call of the Wild. Open your audio receptors, get your favorite celebratory beverage and listen in as you prepare to ring in 2017!
This episode we discuss: This was not Kendall's favorite episode; Greg is G1 representin'; We can't say the name of a dinosaur; Jordan has some beefs with Assassin's Creed; Reboot Reminiscing; John couldn't resist the cat's pyjama joke; Kendall went to Spacecamp; Drinking game rules when listening to War and Beast; Well rendered gorilla butt (this one's for you Zack); Can't we just walk? No! You have to carry me!; Kendall was playing with his sound setup again; Questions!
TCG140 is a GSM-GPRS remote IO controller. It has 2 digital inputs, 4 analogue inputs, digital interfaces for external sensors and 4 relays. Two of analog inputs can be switched either in a current (0-20mA) or voltage modes. The relays can be activated either remotely (via SMS or HTTP API command) or locally - from the status of the monitored parameter. TCG140 supports a wide range of temperature and humidity sensor. All monitored parameters and status of relays can be periodically saved in the embedded data logger. It is also possible to arrange records on any alarm condition.
Special Offer: Discounts of 7%, 10%, 12.5% and 15% are available when you order 10, 25, 50 and 100 items or more of this product.
TCG140 is a GSM-GPRS remote IO module for a distributed monitoring and control over mobile networks. The module can be used as a standalone device or as a part of data acquisition (SCADA) systems.
The device supports 1-Wire sensors for short cable lengths and RS-485 (MODBUS RTU) interfaces for far distances. A total of up to 8 sensors can be connected using either interface.
The TCG140 records all monitored parameters in internal FLASH memory. The records are made on a preset set time interval and/or on an alarm condition. The log file can be periodically uploaded to a dedicated server by HTTP Post.
The device has four relays with normally open and normally closed contacts. The relays can be activated remotely (SMS, call or HTTP API command) or locally. For the local activation, one of the monitored parameters is assigned to the relay – alarm state of the parameter activates the relay.
TCG140 can initiate a connection (HTTP Post) to remote dedicated servers. The payload of this post is XML file, with current values of monitored parameters. The HTTP Post can be sent periodically or under alarm conditions. As an answer to the HTTP Post, an HTTP API command can be returned for relay activation or change of some settings.
In addition to the HTTP Post alert, the device can send SMS and/or e-mail as an extra alert for up to 5 SMS and e-mails recipients.
TC Monitor is easy to use Windows application for monitoring and control of TCG120 products. TC Monitor can collect and display data from controllers installed in different locations (sites). The collected data is stored in SQL database and can be displayed or exported in MS Excel format for further analysis. TC Monitor has a simple web interface, which enables easy and fast configuration. Monitored parameters can be 1-wire sensors, digital and analog inputs and relay outputs.
Justin Rose checks his lie on No. 7 green during the second practice round at Augusta National Golf Club.
Justin Rose’s score of 14-under last year normally would have been enough to win a green jacket. But it wasn’t good enough in 2015.
Rose lost by four strokes to Jordan Spieth – a performance the Englishman continued to rave about a year later.
“That level of performance obviously would have won many major championships, and essentially I was beaten by an all-time great performance,” Rose said Tues­day of Spieth’s record-tying 18-under. “I take a lot of confidence from that; that many other years that that level of performance is good enough to win. If you get beaten by a better guy on the week, you tip your cap. But I know that what I was able to do last year tells me I’ve got what it takes to win this tournament.”
Though he finished in a tie for second last year, Rose feels like he’s coming into Augusta National Golf Club under the radar this week. Rose, the 2013 U.S. Open champion, has made the cut in each of his 10 Masters appearances.
“I’ve been steady,” Rose said. “I haven’t really had any fireworks this year to sort of come in here with people having me at the front of their mind. I feel like all my backroom work has all been fantastic and my preparation has been coming along nicely. Under the radar, but certainly feeling good with my game.”
Despite the time the Mas­ters was broadcast in Eng­land, Rose said he watched it “as much or more growing up than any other tournament.”
“The fact it came on late at night and you were able to stay up, bribe your parents, that was part of the attraction,” Rose said. “To back up a U.S. Open win with a Mas­ters would be just incredible.”
Rose will begin his quest for a green jacket at 10:54 a.m. Thursday. He will play with Jamie Donaldson and Daniel Berger.
“I have plenty of knowledge of the golf course,” Rose said. “Plenty of respect for the golf course. People ask why I bother to come up prior to the tournament for a round or two and I tell them, ‘Why not, it’s Augusta.’ It never gets old.”
Leaving Normal is a heartwarming story of how one young woman finally finds her place in life and helps others to do the same. After experiencing one failure after another in everything she tries Maryanne, a rather quiet, unusual girl in her twenties, makes yet another wrong decision and marries Karl Johnson, who lives in the City of Normal. Once she arrives in Normal, she realizes that Karl is a very cruel, woman beater. She runs away from him and finds herself sitting on a bench in downtown Normal, not knowing what to do next. Darlene, a 38-year-old cocktail waitress in the local tavern, has just finished her shift. This will be her last night, as her ex-husband died and she is leaving Normal to live in the home that he had in Alaska. As she exits the bar she sees Maryanne sitting on the bus bench. Darlene, called Darlie for short, befriends Maryanne and offers her a ride to her sister Emily's home. Once they arrive at Emily's, Maryanne convinces Darlie to take her along to Alaska. The two skip out in the middle of the night and set out on their journey. We follow them through their hilarious escapades as they each try to find their own little niche in life.
In one scene, after Darlie's car has been vandalized, the pair set out hitchhiking and get a ride on the back of a pick-up truck loaded with crates of chickens. These chickens were rented from local farmers. They were placed in the crates and put onto the truck by the animal handlers. Once the scene was completed, the chickens were returned to their farms. In a scene when the girls are arguing over which road to take, one of the girls picks up a small tree frog and places it on the map. They decide wherever the frog hops that is the direction they will take. This was a frog caught out of its natural habitat at the filming location. After the scene was shot the frog was released back into his natural surroundings. Other animal action included reindeer grazing at the side of a road, a goat in a background scene and birds flying. American Humane was not on this set as the movie was filmed in Canada. But after conferring with the production company and trainers we are rating Leaving Normal "Acceptable".
Find out how filmmakers work with American Humane Association, and get a complete guide to our ratings system
In the same week that the New York Times published a commentary that acknowledged that we might win the war, Russ Buettner of the Times wrote a piece questioning the relationship between Rudolph Guiliani and Roger Ailes. Ailes is former political consultant and head of the Fox News Channel and a 20 year friend of Mayor Rudolph Guiliani. They grew up in the same battles, working for the same causes and are friends.
In the good old days, there wouldn’t have been any friendships like this one. Journalists were decidedly middle class. They were vagabonds that traveled and reported on the people and the places of the day. They were guys like Ernie Pyle and Edward R. Murrow and they wouldn’t have befriended politicians.
With that said, the electronic media has changed all that. Journalists have become stars who live and work with the politicians. They go to the same parties and their kids go to the same schools. In “holy cities” of Washington and New York — politicians and media moguls know each other and measure each other’s star quality.
Buettner questions whether the friendship of Ailes and Guiliani will affect the coverage of the Mayor on the Fox News Channel. He cites the situation in New York City during Guiliani’s time as Mayor and the Fox News Channel was new. Time Warner Cable would not carry Fox News Channel as one of its channels in New York City. So Ailes went to Guiliani and he leaned on Time Warner. This happens in towns all over this country. If you have a business in a city, you go to the Mayor if you have a problem.
Let’s be clear, every candidate for president gets invited regularly to be on FNC — on CNN and MSNBC, too, for that matter. Russ Buettner says that FNC is the “pre-eminent media outlet for likely voters in a Republican primary.” If that is true, then the New York Times is the pre-eminent newspaper of the likely voters of the Democrat primary. So follow this logic. The Democrat candidates have staged a boycott of the FNC debates and have said they don’t want to participate on Fox. So why is the leading Democrat bullhorn bashing the relationship between the Mayor and the Mogul? Guiliani knows that he needs to be on Fox as do most of the other Republican candidates. The Democrat candidates better figure that out and soon. This presidential election is the Democrats to lose and they seem to be trying their hardest (to lose it). Hooray!
But in the interest in fairness and balance, where are the constant references to Tim Russert and his relationship with Mario Cuomo or Daniel Patrick Moynihan? Where are the constant references to the working relationship of Chris Matthews and former Speaker of the House Tip O’Neill. Heck, even Dianne Sawyer, the token anchor who worked for a Republican (Nixon) isn’t questioned about her ability to be unbiased in the political arena. Their ability to keep business separated from pleasure is never called into question, but flash a Fox News Channel logo at any self-respecting mainstream journalist and their head will spin around just like Linda Blair’s in “The Exorcist.”
The fact of the matter is, the questioning of Fox is about green, not money, but jealousy. Fox News gives people what they want — good news reporting and lively debate on issues. They play to Peoria, not to the inside the Beltway crowd. It’s hard to remember those days long ago when CNN was the new kid on the block. The guys at the NYT didn’t think that was real news either, but they didn’t question Ted Turner hobnobbing with politicians. This is one of the big double standards in America today and that is, if you are a leftist, you can’t be corrupted, but watch out for those conservatives, they are rotten to the core. The truth is, the left can’t stand after trying to silence conservatives for generations, Rush Limbaugh and Roger Ailes gave average Americans a voice and the people of this country responded.
If you want to be President, then you need to be on TV and you to take every opportunity to be in front of 3 million viewers. And the conspiracy theories abound that Ailes is plotting a Rudy Revolution. It’s more likely that Rudy understands that he needs to take the opportunities being the frontrunner of the moment affords him.
Dodge sprinter owners manual 2008. 08 Dodge Grand Caravan Wheel Hub Assembly Front Replacement Front with ABS Brakes, 5 Lug. Below you will find free PDF files for select years of your Dodge Sprinter automobile. The Dodge Caravan is a passenger minivan manufactured by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles and marketed by its Dodge division.
The Dodge Viper is a hand- made [ citation needed] American sports car manufactured by Dodge ( SRT for 20), a division of FCA US LLC from 1992 through having taken a brief hiatus from. Recall check and recall search tools. Motor Trend reviews the Dodge Sprinter 2500 where consumers can find detailed information on specs transmission , fuel economy safety. Dodge Ram for factory, & Haynes service repair manuals.
Dodge Sprinter Owners Manual. Introduced for model year 1984 long- wheelbase ( 1987– present) variants, the Caravan has been offered in short- wheelbase ( 1984– ) , now in its fifth generation the latter as the Grand Caravan. Need Sprinter owner’ s manuals? Mercedes Sprinter Accessories Car Mats, Trunk Mats, Custom Wheels, Parts: Exhaust Systems, Custom Headlights, Chrome Trim, Dash Kits, Billet Grilles Seat Covers. View and Download Dodge Sprinter owner' s manual online. Dodge Sprinter Automobole Owner' s Manual.
Download Dodge Sprinter owner’ s manuals and Mercedes Sprinter operator’ s manuals for free. Sign in to your Dodge owner account now to gain knowledge of your vehicle with how- to videos more, tips, your owner' s manual all tailored to you. Looking for a Dodge Sprinter 3500 repair manual? Find recall information for Dodge Durango Recall trucks, SUVs, other recalled cars vehicles.
Dodge Ram: Common Engine Problems. The 3rd generation Dodge Ram came with three gas engines from the factory.
In this document of lit 210 week 2 checkpoint young goodman brown matrix you will find the next information: complete the matrix in appendix c you will need to select three passages from any short story we read except young goodman brown: one that embodies plot one that embodies setting and another that embodies symbolism. This document contains hsm 210 week 6 checkpoint determining levels of prevention. This file of it 210 week 3 discussion questions consists of: dq 1: review the definition of control structure on p 45 in extended prelude to programming:. This file mgt 210 week 3 checkpoint incident 6-2 what should i do next has answers on this task: checkpoint: incident 6-2: what should i do next carpenters are often told to measure twice, and cut once.
Read this full essay on it 210 week 3 dq dq2 –how do you use the three basic control structures—sequential, repetition, and selection—in your everyday probl. Issuu is a digital publishing platform that makes it simple to publish magazines, catalogs, newspapers, books, and more online easily share your publications and get them in front of issuu’s . Tutorialrank is a online tutorial store we provides lit 210 week 3 checkpoint: analytical essay. Lit 210 week 3 checkpoint: analytical essay lit 210 week 3 assignment: comparative character matrix and newspaper ads- appendix d lit 210 week 2 dqs lit 210 week 2 checkpoint: young goodman brown .
It 210 checkpoint associate program material appendix h repetition and decision control structures in one of the week 3 discussion questions we discussed the algorithm that would be required to make a peanut butter sandwich. It 210 week 3 dq 1 and dq 2 it 210 week 4 checkpoint iteration control structure view full essay similar essays it 210 uop course tutorial/uophelp. Homeworkflip is a online tutorial store we provides hsm 210 week 7 checkpoint comparing values checkpoint: comparing values resource: ch 5 (p 211) of human services in contemporary america due date: day 3 [individual forum] post a 200- to 300-word response to the following: answer any four of the questions on p 211 in ch 5 of the text.
Mth 210 week 3 weekly mymathlab® checkpoint mth 210 week 4 mymathlab® study plan for weekly checkpoint this assignment allows you to get the necessary practice to fully comprehend the weekly learning objectives through guided instructions, videos, and links to the textbook in case you get stuck. This file mgt 210 week 3 checkpoint incident 6-2 what should i do next has answers on this task: checkpoint: incident 6-2: what should i do next carpenters are. It 210 entire coursefor more course tutorials visitwwwuophelpcom it 210 week 1 checkpoint input data and output processit 210 week 1 dq 1 and dq 2it 210 week 2 checkpoint software development activities purposesit 210 week 2 checkpoint chapter 2 programming problemit 210 week 2 assignment application level requirementsit 210 week 3 checkpoint sequential and [].
Cardenas Weekly Ad preview - Cardenas Weekly Ad preview - Cardenas Regreso a clases back to school. Here are cardenas ad this week July 26 – August 1, 2017. Don't forget to see general...
10/05/2017 Assistant Manager- South Penn Minneapolis Domino's Domino's MINNEAPOLIS - Minnesota - USA
Hey everyone, we've just launched the website for a new kite pump add-on now for sale. I'd go so far as to say it's a game changer (but I am bias of course ).
Check out http://www.ETHandle.com - It's a simple idea, basically extending the length of the kite pump handle so you don't have to bend right down to pump up your kite, but makes a huge difference to the amount of effort in pumping up your kite.
Please let us know any feedback, and feel free to send a PM or reply on here if you have any questions (or of course buy one!).
I've learned a lot from Kiteforum over the last couple of years, so chosen here as the first place in the world to share the site.
Hey thanks to everyone who checked out the website, and purchased, you won't regret it! Again, please let me know any feedback about the site, or product in general. Thanks - Dan
$30 for a handle exstension... that's hillarious. Best bit is you're actually selling them. Fair play.
Personally I really like this idea. Mostly cause a have a damaged lower back and this would ease the pain a bit when pumping
i don't know, right now i use bigger size pumps which come standard with airush or gaastra, and when pump shaft is fully extracted my back is almost strait.
now, if i would use this pump shaft extension i'd be forced to rise the shaft with my arms on the upstroke and press the shaft down again with my arms, which is wrong. you should pump by bending your knees not your back or your arms.
This is a good idea for the short pumps but my liquid force pump already has an extension on it so i have no need. I love having the extra length on my pump though. If i had a shorty id be all over this.
sijandy - It is actually a very expensive process developing plastic molding and sourcing parts, but agree, $29.50 may be a little high. With this in mind, I've dropped the price to $19.00 !!
eree - Yes, some pumps are a better size, but they still benefit from this extension, though you probably wanna get the 8" instead of 10. The idea is to use your arms more instead of moving your whole body.
Cheers all - on a side note, I'm visiting a cable park for the first time tomorrow, so looking forward to not having any setup or pumping time at all
very expensive developing new parts? Looks like a handle off another pump to me......That is very original and environmentally mental.
DanV3 - yeah i imagine it is, i wouldn't know. But for me the fact people were actually paying $30 for a handle exstension just highlights what a 'rich kid' sport this is. I've been kiting for 6 years and still my only piece of brand new equipment is my wetsuit, think i'm gonna knock one up using the handle out of an old pump and put the $30 towards my next un-bodgeable piece of equipment. Everything in this sport is crazy money, £1500 for a kite these days is insane. Swings and roundabouts tho, if it wernt for the London rich kids impulse buying equipment then i wouldnt grab my ebay bargains 6months down the line when they realise they cant do it! I say keep it at $30 and rip the a***hole out of em! Like i said, fair play to ya!
diy king size padded headboard upholstered with articles tufted cover for bed panels making tag,headboard diy upholstered for queen bed make to easy its padded looks this slipcover too and pieced rails pretty,make diy fabric headboard cover one padded with buttons anyone upholstered making,headboards diy upholstered headboard for king size bed padded queen fabric black dimensions cheap wood,a headboard making padded tufted diy upholstered for king size bed cover make to diamond,headboards bedroom images and diy tufted headboard easy make padded queen size bed 96 on best bedrooms pinterest,king making padded headboard with buttons ideas diy upholstered for queen bed bothrametalscom,size king shelf diy padded headboard and pieced bed rails headboards for beds plans projects,diy padded headboard queen extra tufted fabric plans and headboards for beds wide king set in bench diamond,an diy fabric headboard plans tufted headboards for queen beds to padded squares how furniture make upholstered luxury magnificent.
Amazon selling services are the services whereby you sell products on Amazon.co.jp. Being a general online store, Amazon.co.jp offers greater opportunities to ... Promote your Amazon listings with keyword-targeted ads. Bid to get ...
President of Caribbean accountants calls on members to cooperate & forge a stronger regional Profession
Members are encouraged to participate in the ICAC rebranding initiative by entering the ICAC LOGO DESIGN COMPETITION through the submission of a CREATIVE, ORIGINAL & IMPACTFUL logo for the Institute.
Participants will get the chance to win a complimentary registration to the ICAC 36th Annual Caribbean Conference to be held in Nassau, Bahamas on June 21-23, 2018.
It is was the first time I stayed in the Saint Beuve , and it was pleasant but it needs renovation . The bathroom was very good and it is nice to you bathrobes. It would be good to have body lotion as well. But I do think the rooms need updating although I had a large room and it was quiet. Your reception is very good . Marie - Therese and Ivan and the person serving breakfast very nice indeed...
We had the most wonderful stay in hotel le sainte-beuve. From the minute we arrived we felt incredibly welcome and at home. They kindly upgraded us free of charge and offered us free champagne at the bar to welcome us to Paris. The room and bathroom were lovely, immaculate and decorated beautifully. The location is fantastic and situated next to three tube stations on different lines, no where was difficult to get to. The staff were lovely and incredibly helpful! We will be recommending to friends. Thank you for a fantastic stay!
Un grand merci à Marie-Thérèse pour avoir organisé le rapatriement, rapide, de mon I.pad oublié de la ch. 16
the name of the game For inline aquarium heater revealed in five easy Steps. The reality about inline aquarium heater.the name of the game For inline aquarium heater revealed in five easy Steps. The reality about inline aquarium heater.
Meet catholic singles in tolland, connecticut online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single catholics. How young is bernier's team the only senior to score points was alyssa thomas, who finished third in the discus meanwhile, east catholic put pressure on tolland throughout the meet and up until the final event was over. Tori nicholas hit a bases-loaded, two-out single in the bottom of the seventh to give tolland a 5-4 victory over east catholic in a class m softball quarterfinal on friday in tolland.
Tolland girls track gets its fifth straight class m championship title ets 5th straight class m championship the team held up the 5 after the win. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of catholic singles join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site.
View pregame, in-game and post-game details from the east catholic (manchester, ct) @ tolland (ct) non-conference girls basketball game on tue, 1/30/2018. Meet single bbw women in tolland are you interested in meeting a big beautiful single woman for your heart's desire or are you only looking for someone to go fly a kite with at the park this weekend. There are 13 private schools in tolland county, ct, serving 751 students read about great schools like: christ lutheran school, covenant.
It was a perfect 10 for the east catholic high girls lacrosse team as it ruined tolland’s perfect record alexa weber scored six goals as visiting east catholic won its 10th straight game by holding off previously unbeaten tolland 12-11 in central connecticut conference south action on tuesday. 53 people replies to “get married, young man, part 5: how to meet good women.
Want to win the heart of a certain catholic girl here are 12 things you should know before dating a catholic girl good luck. Torrington in every high-level girls volleyball match, there’s a point in which the mental side of the game outweighs the physical torrington girls volleyball beat tolland 3-0 (20-17, 25-23, 26-24) friday evening in a class m quarterfinal match proving the deeper into the tournament the red raiders get, the more that’s true.
Coaches, have you heard about our premier coaching and fitness education platform featuring 1000+ instructional videos and tutorials.
A total of 42 varsity scores involving teams from patch towns in hartford and tolland counties were reported to the ciac friday here are the day's results.
Meet tolland singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in tolland. Meet single catholic women in coventry are you ready to find a single catholic woman for the start of a perfect romance millions of singles use zoosk to meet. Mingle2 is the place to meet tolland singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in tolland, connecticut our free online dating site & mobile apps are full of single women and men in tolland looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with start meeting singles in tolland today with our free online dating. Connecticut catholic women we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches based on.
In Mary Mason's and my Jade Darcy books, the Ingesterie is where different beings can come together and socialize. I hope this'll be one such place.
I was born into a not-very-religious Jewish family. I went to Hebrew School and had a Bar Mitzvah, the whole schtick. But I never really thought about it much or paid any attention. God was just something people said, sort of like the adults' Santa Claus. He was something that was there, like air, and you didn't really need to think about it in daily life. Maybe specialists in "air" thought about it, like the Air Quality Management District, but it didn't really affect me.
I can pinpoint the date my deconversion began: Jan. 14, 1962. I was a devout admirer of comedian Ernie Kovacs, one of the great geniuses of the entertainment media. (For anyone who doesn't know about him, check out his lengthy Wikipedia entry.) Although he'd been working in New Jersey radio for some time, one of his first television gigs was a morning show in Philadelphia, where I grew up. I thought he was hysterically funny--and obviously so did many other people, for he quickly moved on to bigger things. But as a little kid I had the wonderful pleasure of my mom taking me downtown to the studio where his show was broadcast and watching him from the audience. (She told me later that she lost an earring there and went back to the studio to look for it after bringing me home; Kovacs's wife, actress Edie Adams, helped her look. My mom never told me whether the search was successful.) Kovacs went on to appear in some movies--arguably the biggest was Bell, Book, and Candle--and did a series of half-hour TV specials for ABC. They were way ahead of their time in both form and content.
In the wee morning hours of Jan 13, 1962, Kovacs was driving home from a party in Los Angeles when his car hit a power pole and he was killed almost instantly. When I heard about it later that day, I was devastated. This man with the brilliantly inventive mind, who could do things with a television camera that no one else ever dreamed of, and was funny to boot, was gone from my life. I was depressed all day, and when I was going to sleep that night I cried and prayed for god to take me instead and bring Kovacs back, or at least transfer his genius into me so that I could somehow continue his work. Neither of those things happened; although I did become a writer, no one, especially me, has ever claimed I approached his level of talent.
I started deciding that if god couldn't perform that one little favor, for which I prayed with such heartfelt conviction, what good was he?
Over the years my atheism became more formal and intellectually based, but that was where it started. The petulant, spiteful actions of a child? Maybe, but it opened my eyes. Santa Claus existed merely to keep little kids in line, but he was useless when you really needed something from him that your parents couldn't deliver. I started paying attention to the man behind the curtain, and realized it was all just doubletalk and hogwash. I decided to believe in people instead. People may sometimes deceive you, people may also let you down on their big promises--but at least you know they're not perfect and can't expect miracles from them.
And Ernie Kovacs's Nairobi Trio still makes me laugh when I see it and cry at the same time for the lost work he might have accomplished.
I've professionally published over 40 science fiction and fantasy novels, and lots of short fiction as well. My books include The Eternity Brigade, Polly!, A World Called Solitude, the 4-volume Arabian Nights-style Parsina Saga, the 10-book space opera Agents of ISIS series, and (in collaboration with my wife, Mary Mason) the two--so far--books in the Rehumanization of Jade Darcy series. Please visit my online book site, Parsina Press, for a more complete listing of my available books.
I graduated from UCLA with a Bachelor's degree in Astronomy. Mary and I live in the San Francisco Bay area with 5 cats. I'm an atheist, and I enjoy Broadway musical albums and surrealist art.
My Subscription Addiction will never accept payment in sixt discount code germany exchange for a black friday deals uk xbox one review, but will accept a box at no cost to provide honest opinions on the box.This post may contain affiliate/referral links.BoxyCharm is a full-size and deluxe-size makeup and beauty
Embracing the latest research showing the link between proper sleep and good health, our mattress store in Austin, Texas has an expanded selection of specialty mattresses and beds, including advanced memory foam mattresses, Beautyrest Black Hybrid, Serta iComfort, and other top designs.
Stop do odds of winning powerball increase with more tickets by Discount Mattress of, austin, Texas, for a large selection of cheap beds and home furniture.Here in Austin, TX you simply will not find a better deal, so come visit us today and walk away with the lowest price mattress you&apos;ve seen in a long time coupon code for usps postage stamps at the best quality you&apos;ve ever seen.As Mattress Firm has grown into Americas #1 mattress retailer with 3,500 locations, weve expanded the level of service and selection for our valued customers.Original Discount Mattress Beds Home Furniture Finishes.Austin, TX 78748, hours of Operation: Monday, saturday,.m.7.m.Discount Mattress of Austin is an official dealer of Serta mattresses providing the best discount mattress deals in town for beds and home furniture.
Mattress Firm in Austin, Texas is set out to be a different kind walmart canada gift card giveaway of mattress store; focused on a unique shopping experience for our valued customers with a large selection of quality brand name mattresses, beds, and bedding products, combined with competitive pricing and knowledgeable.Discount Mattress Austin TX, Cheap Beds, Home Furniture Austin.Office: (512) 836-1472, cell: (512) 736-1876, toll Free: (877) West Slaughter Lane Suite 115.Sunday,.m.5.m.We have been in business for 28 years, and our owner has 30 years of experience in the industry, so we have the expertise to provide you with quality products at low prices.Our company doesn&apos;t have as much overhead as our competitors do, so we are able to pass on the lowest price savings to you!In addition to beds and home furniture in a large selection of finishes, we also carry linens to create the kind of finishes you are looking for.Here in Travis county, we will amaze you with mattress savings and discount bed frames we have in stock.Family Owned Operated Since 1989.
I think I should stay for here, I've spent much money in this sales! In fact I restrained myself and I waited for lower prices. After this I'm already delirious with the new collection, Zara continues to wreak havoc, let's see if I can control myself again!!! Ah, yes, as I couldn't decide, I ended up staying with these two too!
Manage your customers’ details in Syntelate XA or in an external customer relationship management system (CRM) – whatever suits your business.
In Syntelate XA, you can freely define the information that you want to hold about your customers. Add whatever fields you wish, to capture whatever data you want. You can also migrate your customer data to Syntelate XA from another system.
But maybe you want to continue using your existing CRM system to manage your customers’ details? That’s no problem: Syntelate XA can integrate with other CRM systems.
One of the first things you’ll do in Syntelate XA is define your data “universe”. This tells Syntelate XA where all your data is stored. If your customer details are stored in a separate CRM system, it’s here that you’d define that.
Once you’ve defined your universe, your designers simply don’t have to worry about where your data comes from. Let’s say a designer wants to add a customer forename field to a data entry element – the designer simply selects that field from the list of fields in your universe. It doesn’t matter to the designer whether the field is in your Syntelate XA database or your external CRM system.
Once you’ve set up your data universe, Syntelate XA does all the hard work for you, reading data from the correct place and writing data back to the correct place. This leaves your designers free to focus all their attention on what they should be doing: designing the best desktops for your agents and writing the most helpful scripts for your agents.
"BONKE! next time you fuck in my bathroom, fucking throw the condoms into the toilet! not in or on top of the goddamn sink...."
Please contact us at info@heidilatskydance.com to discuss how you or your company can contribute to our ongoing efforts. To show your immediate tax-deductible support, make a donation through Paypal or with your credit card.
The male Indian Peafowl, commonly known as the peacock, is one of the most recognizable birds in the world. These large, brightly colored birds have a distinctive crest and an unmistakable ornamental train. The train (1.4-1.6 meters in length) accounts for more than 60% of their total body length (2.3 meters). Combined with a large wingspan (1.4-1.6 meters), this train makes the male peafowl one of the largest flying birds in the world. The train is formed by 100-150 highly specialized uppertail-coverts. Each of these feathers sports an ornamental ocellus, or eye-spot, and has long disintegrated barbs, giving the feathers a loose, fluffy appearance. When displaying to a female, the peacock erects this train into a spectacular fan, displaying the ocelli to their best advantage.
The more subtly colored female Peafowl is mostly brown above with a white belly. Her ornamentation is limited to a prominent crest and green neck feathers. Though females (2.75-4.0 kg) weigh nearly as much as the males (4.0-6.0 kg), they rarely exceed 1.0 meter in total body length.
The Indian peacock, Pavo cristatus (Linnaeus), the national bird of India, is a colourful, swan-sized bird, with a fan-shaped crest of feathers, a white patch under the eye and a long, slender neck.
The peacock is widely found in the Indian sub-continent from the south and east of the Indus river, Jammu and Kashmir, east Assam, south Mizoram and the whole of the Indian peninsula. The peacock enjoys immense protection. It is fully protected under the Indian Wildlife Protection) Act, 1972.
The Indian Peafowl occurs from eastern Pakistan through India, south from the Himalayas to Sri Lanka. Though once common in Bangladesh, it may now be extinct in that country. Its highly ornamental appearance motivated early seafarers to transplant the peafowl to their homelands in other parts of the western world. Phoenician traders in the time of King Solomon (1000 B.C.) introduced the birds to present-day Syria and the Egyptian Pharaohs.
In its native India, the peafowl is a creature of the open forests and riparian undergrowth. In southern India, it also prefers stream-side forests but may also be found in orchards and other cultivated areas.
Indian Peafowl do most of their foraging in the early morning and shortly before sunset. They retreat to the shade and security of the forest for the hottest portion of the day. Foods include grains, insects, small reptiles, small mammals, berries, drupes, wild figs, and some cultivated crops.
The great beauty and popularity of the Indian Peafowl has guaranteed its protection throughout most of its native and introduced ranges. It is the national bird of India. The peafowl is prominent in the mythology and folklore of the Indian people. The Hindus consider the bird to be sacred because the god Kartikeya (son of the Lord Shiva and Parvati and brother to the god Ganesh) rides on its back. Legends hold that the peafowl can charm snakes and addle their eggs.
Greek mythology describes how the peacock acquired the many eyes in his ornamental train. The goddess Hera had a beautiful priestess named Io. Io was greatly admired by Zeus. To protect her from Hera’s jealousy Zeus transformed Io into a heifer. Hera tricked Zeus into giving the heifer to her as a gift and set her faithful servant Argus to watch over her. Argus had numerous eyes all over his body, making him a natural choice for the assignment. Zeus sent the god Hermes to free Io from Hera’s watchman. Hermes charmed Argus to sleep until all of his eyes were closed and then killed him. To honor her faithful watchman, Hera took Argus’ eyes and placed them on the tail of the peacock.
This long and close association with humans has proven the peafowl’s adaptability to human-altered landscapes. This species does not appear to need any additional legal protection or conservation attention.
Restaurants and Dining Guide - Westside Tavern is a General restaurant located at 2100 W Station St, Kankakee IL 60901. Westside Tavern is also a restaurant specializes Bars and Pubs, Pizza, etc. If you are a restaurant owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide for free.
Essay Writing Service, Argumentative Essay - our essay writing team will work on it relent lessly to ensure that its quality
African Lion Safari Trip - Happy hump day The hubs took some time off-work so we had to make the most out of it. We made short trips to cities around Toronto but the highlight of o...
Valentines Day Hairstyles! - I love posting the first day of any month is feels special and it almost makes me work extra harder on my posts. Today's post will be correspond with a vi...
Majestic Mookie Betts Replica Men's Jersey - MLB Boston Red Sox #50 Blue American League 2017 MLB All-Star American League 2017 All-Star
Home » Mookie Betts Jersey » Majestic Mookie Betts Replica Men's Jersey - MLB Boston Red Sox #50 Blue American League 2017 MLB All-Star
Majestic Mookie Betts Replica Men's Jersey - MLB Boston Red Sox #50 Blue American League 2017 MLB All-Star
In the consumer keyboard market,OUTEMU MX switches are often referenced by the color of the key stem—the part of the switch below the keycap that moves downward when pressed.[4]Most common OUTEMU MX switches are:
Mainly applied on computer keyboards,cash registers,industrial equipment and Man-Machine interfaces.
Afrrica Zimbabwe - [image: Map of Zimbabwe] Zimbabwe , officially the Republic of Zimbabwe, is a landlocked country located in southern Africa, between the Zambezi and Limp...
The San Juan Historical Museum is located on what remains of the once expansive (445 acre) James King Farmstead. Eight buildings comprise the grounds which includes the original farmhouse, carriage house, root house and milk house. The original San Juan County jail, an 1890’s settler log cabin, a resource center and the developing Museum of History and Industry (housed in a late 1800’s replica barn) complete the grounds. There are exhibits in each structure, while the resource center houses an exhibit gallery, research library and administrative offices. We invite you to take a step back in time and experience island life as it was over a century ago. The Museum is open April through October, and in the off-season by appointment.
This website funded by the San Juan County Lodging Tax grant program from the San Juan Islands Visitors Bureau.
Visit my pages if you like and maybe you would like to follow each other? let me know and leave me your links aswell
Go back to our Organization Home or click here to access the other groups which include Adviser and Staff organization pages.
You will need Adobe Acrobat Reader to be able to view these. Click here to download Adobe Reader for free.
Turns out that it has been quite a while since I have done a dedicated recipe round-up from Let Them Eat Vegan by Dreena Burton. It has a special place in my heart as the source of the amazing Berry Patch Brownies that I have made more times than I can count for bake sales! But it is also full of other very lovely recipes. You can see my previous round-ups (and bake sale contributions) here.
Goji Strawberry Smoothie: This sweet pink treat adds banana, cinnamon, and flaxseeds to the mix. It calls for 2 cups of liquid, but I only one and a half cups of oatmilk, with all frozen fruit, and that made one pink, thick, smoothie. The recipe is for 2 smoothies, but you know I had it all for myself!
Creamy Carrot Miso Dip: This beautiful dip is a bit reminiscent of eating a very thick carrot soup. It is creamy from cashews, and delightfully spiced. I made it in my Froothie Optimum blender, and it was so smooth. Excellent on crackers, or for dipping vegetables or dolloping anywhere.
"Vegveeta" Dip: I have never had the Velveeta dip that this was inspired by, but this was very good. It is described as a cheesy dip, though in this recipe the nutritional yeast is optional. Nutritional yeast is never optional in my book! Even with that added I found that although it was tasty, it was not very cheesy. This recipe is made on a stove and I was a little bit worried that it wasn't going to get thick enough, but it thickened up quickly once it was off the heat.
KD Dip: This fun dip was apparently inspired by squeezing ketchup onto Kraft dinners. Unlike the above recipe, this has a big whack of nutritional yeast to make it cheesy. It is made creamy with some tahini, and I found the taste of the tahini to be quite strong. I like tahini, but you may want to back off a little (or use cashew butter) if you are wanting a milder taste. The recipe calls for organic ketchup, but you know I just used trusty Heinz. As you can see, I went for some chopped hotdogs, steamed broccoli, and chunks of vegan cheese (because, why not) as my dippers.
Peanut Thai Vegetable Stew: I love peanut butter stews! This calls for 400mL of coconut milk, and the first time I made it I hadn't quite identified my coconut issues so it was too rich. But now I know that 400mL of coconut milk means a 270mL tin plus 130mL of water for me. As well as tofu, there are vegetables including zucchini, sweet potato, spinach, and onion. I left out the capscium for more of each of those.
Carribean Fusion Stew: One of the recipes I made when I chanced upon some plantains, this uses the barely ripe fruit. It also has lentils, kidney beans, zucchini, broccoli, and onion. I just left out the capsicum. Served over rice, this was a warm and filling dinner.
Thai Chickpea Almond Curry: I used extra vegetables in this, and also made an extra half quantity of sauce to cover them. The sauce is based on coconut milk (diluted with some water for me) and almond butter. Almond butter is super pricey here, so it is a rare occasion that I make a recipe using it. The sauce nicely coats chickpeas and zucchinis, but I added some carrots and cauliflower as well.
Winter Veg Chickpea Potpie: This is a messy photo, I am no good at getting potpie serves out without getting it all jumbled up. This was very nice on a cold night, full of sweet potato, potato, celery, leek, fennel, green beans, and chickpeas. I used some frozen ready made vegan puff pasty for topping. Excellent with some ketchup.
Jerk Chickpeas: Simple and fast. The ingredient list looks long, but it is mostly just spices that mix together easily. The recipe called for red capsicum, I used some red onion instead. Served over brown rice and kale, with some avocado on the side as well.
Corn Chowder Quinoa Casserole: This was absolutely delicious, and perfect on a cold night. Cannellini beans and quinoa are baked with a corn chowder inspired mixture, to create an amazing dinner. I loved this one.
With the colder weather, Dim Sim has been sleeping... well, as much as usual, really. But she looks extra snuggly as her winter coat comes in.
West End is a cornucopia of vegan options, including the all-vegan Insane Acai Bar. While I am not in love with the name, it is a good place to stop by if you are craving a smoothie, bowl, or fresh juice. But they also have a big selection of raw and baked vegan treats as well. I don't normally go there as a primary eating destination, but I have picked up a few smoothies for afternoon snacks after eating lunch elsewhere.
The one time I did go in to West End just to eat there, I was feeling like I was getting sick, and I was desperately craving some sort of smoothie bowl. I will always pick a dragon fruit bowl over an acai bowl, because I like the colour pink a lot. Plus they are tasty! All the fresh fruit on top definitely helped me feel a little better.
I tried out their Red Velvet Smoothie, which apparently not many people had ordered. I don't know why! It is a lovely mix of banana, beetroot, cacao, strawberries, dates, and coconut milk (I had them switch out the coconut milk for soy). It was a really nice flavour, plus pretty! I foolishly took the option of chocolate drizzle, which I wouldn't do again because it was full of coconut oil. But it froze solid on the side of the cup as soon as the cold smoothie hit it, so I didn't have to worry about it. It would be annoying if you actually wanted to mix the drizzle through.
I also love the Superfoods Smoothie, which has acai, banana, goji berry, cacao, and almond milk. It isn't quite as good as the superfoods smoothie is at Charlie's, but it is still pretty good.
One annoying thing is that even if you are eating in (and they do have some tables inside and outside), everything comes in plastic, and with a plastic straw. So much waste! I'd like to see them start using reusable cups and paper straws, though I know that would mean extra work out the back for them with the washing up.
My final box from my six month Cruelty Free Shop Vegan Mystery Box arrived last week. What was inside?
Amisa Falafel Mix: Falafel is fun, though I often find mixes can be a bit dry or fragile. Hopefully these will stick together well, they will make a quick lunch.
Geo Organics Satay Sauce: Satay sauces is one of my favourites, but this one is apparently a fiery blend of chilli, curry, and cumin... so probably not for me!
Dr mcDougall's Soup - Miso Ramen: I've had these before. They are great for quick meals. I have a couple of conferences coming up, and the vegan lunch options are never good, so I always like having a couple of these on hand. Conferences always have hot water!
Human Bean Co - Pizza Supreme Faba Beans: I haven't had this brand before, but I really like savoury flavoured crunchy beans from other brands. So I am looking forward to snacking on them.
The Ginger People Gin Gins Chewy Apple Candy: I love chewy ginger treats. I am looking forward to trying these, and hope that they have a good hit of apple in them.
Smooze Coconut and Mango Fruit Ice: These are such a great treat on a hot day. They have a guava one that I love, I am hoping that this one won't be too coconutty for me. I haven't tried this flavour before.
Go Vegan Rock Candy: Not the biggest fan of hard candies, though these are very cute with their little vegan messages stamped on. They are meant to be lemonade flavoured.
Orgran Quinoa Porridge: In winter (which we are heading towards here in Australia) I often like to have some microwave oats as an afternoon work snack, so these will be used here.
Coco Mylk Coconut Milk Latte: Eh. Even if the coconut milk wasn't too coconut fatty for me, I still don't do coffee.
I organised a bake sale that was held yesterday, as part of the WWVBS initiative. The bake sale was to raise funds for Animal Liberation Queensland, and was held at The Green Edge. It was amazing! As well as some ALQ members helping me with the baking, The Green Edge also asked for donations of baked goods. At one point during the set up it seemed like the food would never stop coming! It was such a huge and successful day! We sold out of almost everything, and we raised over $1400 to help ALQ with their important campaigns!
So, onto the food. First up, things that I baked. I had planned on only baking a little, but then panic set in and I baked a lot. Next time I know I can relax a bit, because so many donations! Oh well, let's see what I made! Strap in, this is a long ride!
Peach Cobbler Cupcakes from Bake and Destroy by Natalie Slater: Natalie has such fun recipes, and I'd had my eye on this one for a while. Peaches were recently in season, so it seemed like the perfect chance! The recipe says to coarsely chop the peaches, but next time I'd cut them a bit smaller because the cupcakes baked a bit lumpy and uneven. It doesn't matter too much though, because they taste great and you cover them in frosting anyway. The book gives too options - wither whipped coconut cream (no thank you), or maple buttercream frosting. I obviously chose the latter, which I had made before for her banana bread french toast cupcakes, and it was a great combination.
Swirly Berry Brownies from Sinfully Vegan by Lois Dieterly: I am currently trying to make recipes from some of my older cookbooks, rather than just being new ones all the time, and this was one of those. I haven't used this book much, she has a reliance on so much maple syrup that most recipes would just be too expensive to make! This one is sweetened with sugar and applesauce. It is a cakey brownie, though nice and chocolately, and the raspberry jam swirled into the top makes a nice flavour contrast.
Dulce Sin Leche Cupcakes from Vegan Cupcakes Take Over The World by Isa Chandra Moskowitz and Terry Hope Romero: I had made these once before, a long time ago, but neglected to take a photo. So I tried them again! This time I decided to make them GF, by using the Bob's Red Mill All Purpose GF flour blend and some xantham gum. I ended up with enough batter for 13 cases, but even then they rose a lot and were kind of messy! They are swirled and topped with Dulce Sin Leche glaze, which is based on the Brown Rice Glaze (also from the book) but with extra brown sugar added. When baking, the caramel swirled into them bubbled up a lot, also making them a bit messy. I had to cook for an extra 10 minutes as well. They are topped with more glaze, and toasted coconut. The flavour was nice, a good caramel. The texture was OK for GF, but was obviously better when I first made them with gluten. The glaze is very sticky, which was a big attraction for people.
Perfect Berry Muffins from Eat Like You Give A Damn by Michelle Schwegmann and Josh Hooten: These are simple muffins to make, and are sweet and pleasant. You can use either raspberries, blueberries, or a mix, I went for straight raspberries. They were fairly soft, and the raspberries made them a little smooshy. But I liked the slight tartness of the raspberries with the sweetness of the batter.
Orange Chocolate Chip Cookies from Eat Like You Give A Damn by Michelle Schwegmann and Josh Hooten: These actually have Cappuccino in the title, but coffee doesn't agree with me so I left it out. Even if you like coffee, pretty sure leaving it out is the best option anyway. These were AMAZING! The orange flavour comes from zest, but it packed such a great orange punch. With the chocolate chips, it was like eating a chocolate orange... but in an oat cookie. So fabulous!
Chocolate Goji Macadamia Cripsy Squares from Let Them Eat Vegan by Dreena Burton: Another one of my gluten free offerings. These are so fast to make - melt chocolate, mix in goji, macadamia, rice cripsies, orange zest, let set! I took the option of using more rice cripsies and less goji berries,and I also subbed the coconut oil used when melting the chocolate for canola oil. The recipe calls for 1/4 cup (or 7-8 oz) of chocolate, though when I measured out the volume I only had about 6 oz. You can see they are fairly thin slices, but they pack lots of flavour and crunch. The subtle orange is a particularly nice touch. The recipe makes 12-16 squares for normal snacks, but for the bake sale I cut it into 8 big bars.
Gingerbread from Easy Vegan Cooking by Leah Leneman: Another dip into an older cookbook, I had made this recipe before and loved it. But I hadn't photographed it, so it seemed like a good one to make. I still loved it, all these years later. It is dense, syrupy goodness, and the batter itself is so yummy! The recipe calls for molasses, black treacle, golden syrup, or a mixture. I used treacle, because I have some and hardly anything calls for it. This gave it a perfect sweetness.
Blondies from The New Vegan by Janet Hudson: Another older cookbook, not to be confused by Aine Carlin's cookbook of the same name. I made a half batch of these to fit into an 8x8 pan, and got 8 bars. They have macadamias and butterscotch chips in them, and are sweet and pleasant, and very moist. They liquid used in them is water, and I wonder if using a non-dairy milk would have a better flavoury, they just needed a bit more something for me. But other people really liked them!
White Chocolate Lime Cookies from 500 Vegan Recipes by Celine Steen and Joni Marie Newman: I had some white chocolate baking buttons to use up from a mystery box, so a bake sale seemed like a good place for them. I don't like white chocolate myself. These were more like a vanilla cookie to me, the lime flavour was very subtle. The recipe makes 20 cookies regularly, but I used my ice cream scoop and got 11 big bake sale cookies, which I baked for 25 minutes.
Pumpkin Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting from 500 Vegan Recipes by Celine Steen and Joni Marie Newman: I made these to use up some canned pumpkin I had kicking around, but oh my gosh they are amazing! The cupcakes themselves are like eating a little slice of pumpkin heaven, they are packed full of amazing spices. I could eat the batter, or the cupcakes, forever. The cream cheese frosting was very nice tasting, but was really more of a glaze. It was way to runny to do anything else with. So I ended up with a bunch left over, which is in my freezer. But I wouldn't mind making these again to help use it up. ;)
I also made a batch of my regulars, the gluten free soulhaus cookies from Great Gluten Free Vegan Eats. This time they had chocolate chips and crushed peanuts in them. And now, for the food that was donated!
These beautiful cupcakes were donated by local bakery Baked by K. They also donated some super cute little sugar cookies with Friends Not Food icing, that I didn't get a chance to take a photo of.
My friend Mandy donated some gorgeous Mandarin Cupcakes, as well as some delicious Mini Baked New York Cheesecakes. Mandy also makes full sized cheesecakes, which you can get by the slice at The Green Edge!
Mandy's friends also donated some Lemon Cupcakes, Chocolate Strawberry Cupcakes, and Chocolate Jam Drop Freckle Cookies.
Katie, who used to run Cloverly Cupcakes, donated some amazing looking muffins - Blueberry, and Orange Poppyseed!
Raw Peanut Butter Cups and Raw Walnut Brownies donated by Bliss & Co., whose peanut butter cups don't make me sick from coconut oil and are the best raw treats ever!
Savoury Gluten Free Chickpea Muffins, from the lovely baker of the potato pies, and I am sorry I didn't get her name either!
Some super cute doughnuts for doggies, which were enjoyed by the many glorious puppers who visited throughout the day
As you can see, the sheer amount of food donated was staggering! And we sold almost all of it in 4 hours!!! Huge thanks as always to The Green Edge, and to everyone who donated, and came and bought food, to support ALQ!
I was exhausted after I got home yesterday, and was very glad to go to sleep nice and early with this sleepy little girl.
Labels: 500 vegan recipes, bake and destroy, bake sale, dim sim, easy vegan cooking, eat like you give a damn, let them eat vegan, sinfully vegan, the new vegan by janet hudson, vegan cupcakes take over the world
Keep It Vegan by Aine Carline continues to be one of my favourite vegan cookbooks ever. I have made a lot of recipes from it, and it never lets me down. I just got my hands on a copy of her newest cookbook, Cook Share Eat Vegan, which is a thing of beauty! But her original will never lose its special place in my heart. You can see the other recipes I have blogged from Keep It Vegan here.
Simple Scrambled Tofu and Vegetable Rosti with Smoky Roasted Salsa: A good, basic scrambled tofu recipe is a must for any vegan cook. Aine's version uses curry powder and lemon juice to give it flavour, as well as including some spinach to pack in some greens. While recommended to be served with hot toast, I served it along side her rosti and salsa recipe. The rosti are a mix of zucchini, carrot, and potato, and are delicate but hold together well. Be sure to be generous with their seasoning. I got 5 smallish rosti's fro this recipe. The smoky roasted salsa is meant to be a mix of tomato and capsicum, but you can bet that I left out the capsicum. It was lovely with just the tomato (which are roasted with balsamic vinegar).
Savoury Pudla Pancake and Avocado Sauce: I love pudla, those chickpea flour pancakes. They are simple, fast, filling, and can be flavoured anyway you like. This one had peas, corn, and spring onion in the batter. I am terrible at making large pancakes of any description, they always break apart when I try and flip then, and this was no exception. But you could make smaller ones if you wanted. I was just making one all for myself,so it really didn't matter. The taste was still great! I served this with some Avocado Sauce, a quick blend of avocado, soy yoghurt, lime, and seasoning. It was a lovely match.
Cocoa and Peanut Butter Overnight Oats: This was meant to be made with almond butter, but I am a peanut butter girl at heart. Plus, almond butter is so expensive here that I look for ways to replace with peanut butter where possible. The recipe says it serves one, but I know my appetite is pretty hearty. I tripled it for a decent sized start to me day. I didn't add any sweetener, which lead to a lovely, rich breakfast. I added some blueberries to lighten it up a bit.
Snickerdoodle Quinoa Bowl with Apple Slices: I foolishly quartered this recipe to make a single serve, which ended up being a very small serve indeed. Which is sad, because this tasted really good. My big issue was that the quinoa took forever to cook, and I had to add lots of extra oat milk, and even then it never went fully fluffy. But that may have been an issue with my grains. The caremelised apples are such a nice addition.
Breakfast Brownie with a Strawberry Bottom: I made a half recipe of this for one serve (a full recipe makes two). It isn't really very brownie like at all, rather a chocolate oat layer baked on top of fresh strawberries. I did find that the oat layer was really thick, there was a lot of oats, and even when I used extra strawberries the ratio still wasn't quite my ideal. I might halve the oat recipe and double the amount of strawberries for next time. Depending on the sweetness of your strawberries, you may want to add a touch of maple syrup to them before baking.
Summer Berry 'Buttermilk' Pancakes: I love pancakes, and these are sweet and easy. They are bulked up a little with some mashed bananas added to the batter (if you are reading this Amy, I know you are horrified right now). My banana was a little firm, so I blitzed it up with the soy milk to make sure if was properly dispersed through the batter, rather than just mashing and mixing. I used my ice cream scoop to add 1 1/2 scoops per pancake, and ended up with 8 12cm pancakes, and one slightly smaller one. They are topped with candied walnuts, though I used pecans as I prefer them. I only made 1/4 recipe of the nuts, which was just right for three people.
Toasted Breakfast Burrito: Savoury breakfasts are my main preference, though I must admit that I made these for dinner. These have the classic mix of scrambled tofu, beans, and guacamole. I really liked the scrambled tofu recipe here, it is nicely seasoned with garlic and mustard. The guac recipe calls for 50g of fresh coriander, but that is a huge amount! I had a 15g bunch, which was more than enough. The only downside is that in toasting the burritos, the guac heated up, and I have some issues with warm avocado. I used my sandwich press to toast them, but she toasts them in a pan in the instructions.
Super Green Smoothie: I love a green smoothie! Normally I switch out kale for baby spinach, but I had some kale kicking around and decided to brave it. Normally I find kale to bitter in smoothies. I did use a bit less than required, as I only had 85g rather than 100g. I was also very lazy, and did not peel and seed my cucumber, or peel my apple. The more the merrier. This was sweet and citrusy (thanks to dates, lemon and lime juice), and nicely masked the flavour of the kale. I should note I only used two dates, rather than three. It also has cinnamon in it, which I love a lot, so that gave a great taste.
Super-Fast Broccoli Soup: From green smoothies to green soup. This is indeed a very fast recipe, which is great for a quick lunch. It says it serves two, though these would be two big bowls worth. It has a nice creamy broccoli flavour, and is great with a grilled cheese sandwich.
Broad Bean Fritters with a Tangy Cucumber Salad: I made this for dinner for two people, but really it would be a light lunch for two or a dinner for one. The patties are really tasty, a lovely mix of beautiful green broad beans and lots of spices. The pickled cucumber is very quick to make as well, and adds a nice brightness to the dish. Served with salad, pita, and hummus.
I have two great loves in my life. Firstly are the wonderful beings that are kitty cats. Second is vegan cooking in all its forms. So don't freak out if you find a stray cat hair settled into your cupcake. I am a cat vet and I am also lucky enough to share my life with my fabulous girls - Dim Sim (small and black) and Sahara (cinnamon Abyssinian). Also my angel cat Gizmo, who may have left us but is never forgotten. I've been a vegan since September 2000, and haven't looked back since! I don't really make my own recipes, what I do like to do is make other people's recipes (I have shelves of vegan cookbooks) or eat out, take photographs and then share the results.
Located in Warsaw, Indiana. We also serve the Coldwater, Fort Wayne, Indianapolis, Kokomo, and South Bend areas. - Licensed in Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin
According to the book of Genesis, God took six days to mysteriously create the magnificent heavens, the replenishing earth and all marvellous living creatures, before resting on the seventh day. According to wikipedia, it took six students from the campuses of Oakwood College to create an international following for their uniquely brand of a capella music and appeal towards a contemporary Christian lifestyle.
It took BlackGospel.com six months to feature this awe-inspiring tale involving the lives of Alvin Chea, Cedric Dent, Joey Kibble, Mark Kibble, Claude V. McKnight III and David Thomas. We invite you now to take six minutes out of your busy schedule to read our colorful conversation with one of the most identifiable groups associated with the Gospel of Jesus Christ, six vocal virtuosos known as TAKE 6.
Christopher Heron: Take 6 has been together for about 25 years. Was there ever a period that the men considered taking a collective time off, or has it always been clear that Take 6 would be committed to this ministry for life?
'Somebody's going to be murdered at the ball tonight. It won't appear to be a murder and so the murderer won't be caught. Rectify that injustice and I'll show you the way out.'
It is meant to be a celebration but it ends in tragedy. As fireworks explode overhead, Evelyn Hardcastle, the young and beautiful daughter of the house, is killed.
But Evelyn will not die just once. Until Aiden – one of the guests summoned to Blackheath for the party – can solve her murder, the day will repeat itself, over and over again. Every time ending with the fateful pistol shot.
The only way to break this cycle is to identify the killer. But each time the day begins again, Aiden wakes in the body of a different guest. And someone is determined to prevent him ever escaping Blackheath...
Candidly, I approached this debut from journalist Stuart Turton with a little trepidation. In recent years I've been inundated with breathlessly hyped 'it's the crime novel of the year!' tales from various publishers. While many of those books were good reads, it was hard for them to match the hype (and often left me scratching my head as other truly brilliant crime novels flew under the radar).
THE SEVEN DEATHS OF EVELYN HARDCASTLE has a brilliant premise, one of those hooks that is just so perfectly clever you wonder how no-one had thought of it before: an Agatha Christie-style country-house murder mystery, but one where the sleuth relives the same day over and over until he solves the crime (ala Groundhog Day), except he inhabits the different bodies and viewpoints of different guests each day (ala Quantum Leap). Genius or madness? The proof is in the pudding...
Turton's debut is exquisitely written, intricately plotted, and manages to not only match but outdo all the pre-publication hype. It delivers on the high-concept premise, while also delivering much more.
We first meet our narrator 'Aiden' in a confused and scared state, having woken in the woods not knowing who or where he is and then thinking he may have seen someone killed. With some aid he manages to stumble his way to a creaky manor, and learns he's actually Dr Sebastian Bell, a man who gets decidedly mixed reactions from various other guests who have come to Blackheath for a party welcoming Lord & Lady Hardcastle's daughter Evelyn back from her time in Paris. It's an odd grouping, and even odder timing - the anniversary of the death of Evelyn's brother years before.
THE SEVEN DEATHS OF EVELYN HARDCASTLE is a finger-clenching, mind-bending, smile-inducing read on many levels. I particularly enjoyed the quality of Turton's writing - it's not a book that relies on it's high-concept hook alone to carry the reader through. There are tasty little 'easter eggs' in the writing on almost every page, whether a turn of phrase or a concise description that is slightly askew or new. There's an understated elegance to the wordsmithery, like a concert musician who makes something very technical, creative, and artistic seem simpler and less difficult than it is.
As you'd expect for a classic country house murder mystery, there's an eclectic cast of characters. With Turton's conceit, we not only get to view many of them from the sleuth's viewpoint, but from many others too (including, somewhat, their own). It's a Rashomon-esque aspect of THE SEVEN DEATHS OF EVELYN HARDCASTLE, which is also very well done. The same events seen through different viewpoints, as well as Aiden's various viewpoints skewed by each of his hosts.
There is so much to admire and enjoy about THE SEVEN DEATHS OF EVELYN TURTON. Frankly, I was blown away by how good it is. While the high-concept hook might get eyeballs, it's a book which is far deeper and richer than merely a clever idea well-executed. It's the kind of book I imagine I'll still be thinking about as the year unfolds.
Craig Sisterson is a lapsed lawyer who writes features for newspapers and magazines in several countries. In recent years he has interviewed 200 crime writers, discussed the genre onstage at books festivals on three continents, on national radio and popular podcasts, and has been a judge of the Ned Kelly Awards, the McIlvanney Prize, and is the founder of the Ngaio Marsh Awards. You can heckle him on Twitter: @craigsisterson
I am a New Zealand features writer and book reviewer with a particular penchant for a well-told crime tale.
I don't recall why exactly I chose this time to have a random alien race show up, but I'm kind of proud of my alien races in the same way I'm possessive of my specific versions of mythological creatures. Though, just like those, they really could use a redesign. I wish my creativity and imagination didn't seem to go down as my skill goes up.
I also wish there was more possibility for crossovers with these things, but that whole different-atmosphere-temperature-and-gravity thing means they mostly can't coexist and are just some drawings I did. You can't really see it well but the blue one has the Saturn symbol inside a circle on his head, indicating he's royalty of a Saturnian moon.
Man I want a pun translator. Sometimes weird words like 'rappel' show up and then I just can't not think of how it sounds like the French word appelle. It's a real problem. Man I don't think anything could even live with so little gravity... Meh. It's like, the softest of sci-fi, this thing I made up.
Decision of the Government of the Russian Federation N 1636 of December 27, 1997. On the rules of the confirmation of the suitability of new materials, products, constructions and technologies for use in construction.
I work with a company in England that successfully imports fruits and vegetables from Kenya and Pakistan. I have spent some years in Nigeria and was wondering why no one imports from there. It should work out cheaper as it is nearer. I am looking to establish some trustworthy partners that own farms and are interested in exporting their crop to England. Personally I am very fond of the Mangos I got from Kano, the large ones with the small seed. If you are interested or would like to work out a partnership, I can successfully sell your product in over three countries in Europe providing it is cheaper and of better quality than the product of Kenya. Please feeel free to investigate the Kenyan market. Over 100 tons of vegetables are flown in to Manchester every year. Over 250 tons of Mangos are imported from Pakistan every year. Kenyan coffee and tea is even imported at a larger scale. What can you supply?
Lets make a long term and successful business. Email me on ecozone@yahoo.com Many local businessmen here say that trading with Nigeria can be risky, but I have lived there (Mainly in Northern Nigera) and I know that the Nigerian people are very good.
Arkansas City, Kansas (December 11, 2017) – KanPak U.S., a leading supplier of beverages and desserts using aseptic processing technology, servicing the quick service restaurant (QSR), convenience store and retail food industry announced today the development of a new 200,000-square-foot warehouse and distribution facility in Goff Industrial Park. The state-of-the-art facility is expected to open in the third quarter of 2018.
The new $10.3 million facility will add 20 new jobs, while retaining another six positions. The distribution center and warehouse will incorporate sustainable technologies, including LED lights with sensors, and will be located only a few miles away from KanPak’s manufacturing location.
“Whenever a company like KanPak chooses to expand operations in Kansas, it reflects highly on our workforce, our pro-business policies and our status as the center for warehousing and distribution in the U.S.,” said Interim Kansas Commerce Secretary, Nick Jordan. “We thank KanPak for their commitment to creating new jobs in Kansas, and we look forward to the company’s success in the future.”
“The decision to develop this new distribution center and warehouse in Kansas was an easy one,” said Shane Solberg, general manager, KanPak, Arkansas City. “The proximity of Goff Industrial Park to KanPak’s manufacturing location will enhance KanPak’s ability to provide superior service to our valued customers. We’re excited to be a part of this growing area and to be a contributing member of this community. The State, the County and the City have made our organization feel at home here, and we’re looking forward to further establishing our roots in Kansas.”
“KanPak has been a leading employer in Arkansas City and Cowley County for decades and we are very pleased that they have selected to keep this expansion local,” said Kerri Falletti, Cowley First Director. “Goff Industrial Park is an ideal location for this facility and is in a perfect position to support with the improvements the city has made to the infrastructure.”
KanPak held a groundbreaking ceremony for the new facility on November 1, which included several KanPak associates, as well as various city and state officials.
KanPak U.S. is headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, the company has operations in Kansas, New York, Connecticut and Canada. KanPak produces a variety of dairy and coffee-based products such as iced and cold brew coffee, ice cream, yogurt and frozen dessert products, milk shake bases, packaged milk and creamers and specialty beverages. Its state-of-the-art facilities include manufacturing plants in Arkansas City, Kansas; Penn Yan, New York; an equipment dispensing plant in Southbury, Connecticut and offices in Wichita, Kansas and Toronto, Canada. KanPak is a Golden State Foods (GSF) owned company. GSF is one of the largest diversified suppliers to the quick service restaurant (QSR) industry. For more information, please visit: www.goldenstatefoods.com.
⇐Previous Governor Brownback announces new Executive Director of Business and Education InnovationNext⇒ Spirit AeroSystems announces major expansion
Middle school battle bot builders to test robot contenders at Rubbermaid prior to BotsKC Competition
Spectrum Brands Hardware and Home Improvement Division to Open New Distribution Facility at Logistic
What does the HTML tag above represent? That's right, a control for a user to tell the browser to upload a file on his/her computer to the web server on page submit.
Now, how should you react when the web developer taking care of this page thinks all that the browser is submitting to the web server (IIS in this case) is merely the file system path string of the file, and the web server would subsequently go back and retrieve the file from the user's computer? Because, you know, the web server knows exactly where the file is on the client's computer.
I struggled hard to explain to her how the HTTP request-response model works. And then it appeared she was likely not the only one who has a distorted perception on the mechanics of the world wide web.... Anybody have a handkerchief? I have tears I need to wipe.
The most robust, up-to-date version of my resumé can always be found on LinkedIn. Targeted PDF versions available upon request.
I’ve received praise throughout my career both for my technical capacity and for my ability to explain my work across departments. I regularly became the designated writer on teams. My output included documentation, onboarding, executive summaries, and more. They were always well-received, thanks to my mix of approachable detail, concise research, and friendly personality. That skill in the office easily translated to writing personably and technically outside the office as well.
I responded to a call for proposals with a friendly look at two-factor authentication, a powerful way to secure your online presence. I look at use cases, the surprisingly-familiar history of the concept, and offer some practical pointers and gotchas about the technology. All of this was designed to stay in line with The Recompiler’s goal of making technology friendly and accessible without dumbing it down.
I was asked to contribute articles to this culture and technology publication. I focused on being personal, whether in reaction to politics or a particularly impactful novel. In all cases, I worked to keep in line with The Codex’s objective of providing distinct perspectives on the world at large.
A self-published novel set in an alternate-universe Portland still dealing with the same class and gentrification problems. I wrote the book as a way of sorting out my own thoughts on some complicated issues, along with providing another voice to the furry writing community.
Talks aimed at programmers and other technologists, broadly focusing on writing and communications skills.
Archives Select Month April 2017 (1) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (2) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (1) April 2015 (1) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) July 2013 (1)
“I think I’ve always been into working out  but was looking for something different because it gets a little boring and approached them about having an early class to fit into my work schedule, and they accommodated us,” says CrossFitter and deputy Stephanie Frykberg.
Welcome to the 5 a.m. Cops and Robbers class at CrossFit Avalanche, which has been going strong for almost a year. The class consists of the deputy and her sergeant, some firefighters and other athletes. Coach and co-owner Myles Lewis tries to mix up the workouts to train his early bird athletes for real-life situations. For instance, he added one more round to the end of a five-round workout after athletes thought it was over.
Frykberg also introduces her idea of a “home-invasion WOD” consisting of sit-ups, bag punches, running and sled dragging. For her, the workouts benefit her as a mother and as an officer.
Additional reading: CrossFit Training for Law Enforcement: Jacksonville Five Years Later by T.J. Cooper and Phil Canto, published Sept. 1, 2007.
Join Dave Re, grand master in the United States Practical Shooting Association, as he teaches gun safety to fellow CrossFit Central members Travis Holley and Crystal Nelson at the … Continue Reading
This video tells of the birth of a CrossFit affiliate within the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. It all began with a handful of cadets doing CrossFit… Continue Reading
Leave your tights, weightlifting shoes and iPods at the door. In this camp, your name doesn’t go on the whiteboard. It goes on your plain white T-shirt.
“We get a lot of people that run from cars, run from scenes of crimes, things like that, that us as officers, as humans, would never find, but we use the dog’s nose, we use their… Continue Reading
Police Officers never know what's going to happen while on shift. Take this interview for example. Did she have a clue she would continually be interrupted during the entire segment?
Haha James you're right. We were getting interviewed and I didn't think they would use the footage. I'll try to be more professional next time.
I'm assuming Myles has the relationship where he can joke about doing WODs in Victoria Secret underwear with a client, but on tape for everyone to see it looks incredibly unprofessional.
Hayley Parlen made this video and it exemplifies what find I find most attractive about the CrossFit community - casual, fun, friendly, candid, accepting, supportive, educating, entertaining and loving camaraderie.
Myles - it is very clear in the video that you adore your clients, that you are super passionate & giddy about the progress and success of your students. I bet super cop Stephanie appreciated and enjoyed sharing the interview with you.
CrossFit cool new trend in sports. This sport will continue to develop. It is able to improve your samochuvsvie, your self-confidence and…
Love it-i have been doing it for 5 years....and I love what she said about age.I am 56 but I am not…
Love this! Thanks Lucie and James - thank you CrossFit. One of the best parts is at or around 5:11 - when…
The CrossFit Journal is a chronicle of the empirically driven, clinically tested, and community developed CrossFit program. Our mission is to provide a venue for contributing coaches, trainers, athletes, and researchers to ponder, study, debate, and define fitness and collectively advance the art and science of optimizing human performance.
Sur-classé, j'ai été ravi de profiter de ce bel hôtel au coeur de Paris. Equipe très accueillante, et très pro.Continuez !
Multi-Purpose system is intended for High Definition Plasma, Conventional Plasma, or Oxy/Fuel Cutting of plate thickness up to 24”.
“I have been doing buying deals and selling deals with Steve Beck and his team for over three decades. He knows he can count on me and I know I can count on him.”
"We have had a business relationship with Sue and Steve at Automatics and Machinery for 15 years or more."
“We are a small CNC Swiss shop that has received excellent service from A &M in providing really nice, affordable, used Swiss Turn machines."
Do you have a great idea for a new software application, but you don't have the time or expertise to create the software yourself?
APTech will provide you with full-service software development for all your needs: from a small RPerl utility to a massive corporate RPerl project, our expert team of programmers will get the job done.
The Waterfall method is a sequential form of writing software, where clear project requirements are specified during the first phase of development, thereby allowing APTech to generate a final price quote which will not change as long as the project requirements also remain unchanged.
This option is best suited for projects where the requirements are known in advance, and there is a fixed budget.
The Agile method is an iterative form of writing software, where project requirements are regularly re-prioritized based on the outcome of week-long work cycles known as "sprints". Because the outcome of an Agile software development project is not clearly planned in advance, this approach requires APTech to charge an ongoing hourly fee.
This option is best suited for projects where flexibility and time-to-market are the primary concerns, or where the project requirements are not fully known in advance.
Both Waterfall and Agile projects are guided by Test-Driven Development principles, where the functionality of each RPerl application component is tested to ensure proper implementation, using automatic continuous integration services whenever possible. For example, the RPerl compiler itself automatically runs over 4,000 tests for every new code change, thereby ensuring new features work as intended without breaking existing features.
As a new AutoPASS user you must enter into a main contract with a toll road operator that issues tags. You will then get a discount when you pass through the toll stations that the company operates. In addition, most toll roads in Norway offer a tag discount (usually 10%).
If you want to get a discount on other toll roads, you can enter into additional contracts with other toll road operators. The discounts vary from road to road.
With regard to payment, there are two types of contract: pre-paid and post-paid. Some operators offer both types of contract, others only one. See information on which agreement types that are offered for the various toll roads on the toll road operators' websites.
You pay an amount in advance. When you drive through a toll plaza, the toll charge is deducted from this amount. When your account approaches zero, you will be sent a new invoice for payment. If you drive without a valid contract, you will not receive a discount when driving through a toll plaza, but will have to pay the full price.
Toll passages that you have undertaken to be registered on your contract. You will receive an invoice for passages within a particular period. The frequency of invoicing varies from one operator to another. Contact your toll road operator.
* Based on the game by May-Be SOFT An earthquake hits and the only survivors in the school are Fubuki, Shinichi, Mizuha and Takaaki. Fubuki and Shinichi are childhood friends with feelings for each other, but both are unwilling to admit it. Despite his irritation at the two, for the sake of his close friend, Takaaki has long curbed his own feelings for Fubuki. Ever since Shinichi had saved her from a predicament, Mizuha has had a secret crush on him. Trapped within the ruins of the school, their feelings come to the fore... Hearing lewd voices coming from within a devastated toilet, Shinichi is shocked to see a submissive Fubuki with Takaaki. Shocked because she had only just confessed her love a while ago, Shinichi is unable to interrupt despite the anger seething within him.
Koichi has been married for only five years and already he's got the seven-year itch. He suffers from a very boring, very ordinary life with his wife Kanako and their daughter. Then one day his neighbor Kimihiko suggests they secretly swap wives. They decide that they will each seduce the other's wife and explore the wonders of an illicit affair. Koichi isn't so sure about it at first, but soon finds the deception, fantasies and excitement just the thing to scratch that itch!
With a message from Hiroo Sasaki, who plays Hank Johnson as revealed earlier, messages from the new three voice actors have arrived!
Tom Rainey and I have recorded a new duo record called 'Utter' which is soon to be released on Relative Pitch Records. The music is a mix of improviations and (for the most) part co-written compositions. The official release date is September 3, a day before we embark on Soundtrips NRW #40. Soundtrips NRW is a series of concerts in cities all over North-Rhine Westphalia, curated by local musicians who play with us the second set of every night. A full list of the dates/musicians is below.
I am so happy to announce that my album of orchestral works with improvising soloists will be released on Intakt Records in November 2018. It was an incredible undertaking and the fulfillment of a dream I had been having for a long time. We recorded two pieces, Contemporary Chaos Practices and Vogelfrei, which feature an amazing cast of musicians and singers, as well as soloists Mary Halvorson, Kris Davis, Nate Wooley and myself. Josh Sinton provides extra texture with his amplified contrabass clarinet set-up on one Vogelfrei. The role of conductors is shared by Eric Wubbels and Taylor Ho Bynum, both within the same pieces and the music was recorded and mixed by the great Ron Saint-Germain.
Nice to have topped the 2018 Downbeat Annual Critics Poll for 'Rising Star-Tenor Saxophone' and to have a potrait written by Bill Milkowski.
Ingrid, breath taking! I am taken by the images of the rocks and water. I am taken by the image of the woman in the white coat on the rock. I am taken by the lighthouse....I love lighthouses. I am taken to a new place that I have never been but feel I am getting to know better. So many thanks for your sharing.
IUNetworks LLC is looking for a Lawyer, who will have the primary responsibility to give legal advice, review business documents and other legal documents and negotiate business agreements, such as contracts.
-Draft and review contracts, corporate resolutions and other legal documents (including in English and Russian as needed)
-Provide legal opinions based on the RA legislation regarding various aspects of the company's operations
-At least 2 years of professional work experience in a law firm, as an in-house legal adviser or in a related field
-Excellent knowledge of Armenian, Russian and English languages, as well as written and verbal communication skills
We're sorry, but this job (OVERNIGHT AIRCRAFT CABIN AGENT) has already reached the number of requested applicants. Here are similar jobs or you can search for more below. Good luck!
ABM, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for an Airline Passenger Assistant.The Airline Passenger Assistant is responsible ...
ABM, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a High Lift Driver.The High Lift Driver is responsible for loading galley equ ...
ABM, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a LavWater Driver for an Aviation Services operation. The LavWater Driver is ...
Turkish-owned German-based operator Wiking Helikopter Service has started its wind farm support contract in the UK. Airbus H145 D-HOAE has been ferried from Emden in Germany across the North Sea to Norwich on 7th January. Later the same day it positioned to its new base at Great Oakley Airfield, near Harwich.
Wiking Helikopter Service will be fulfilling a contract with Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy to provide helicopter services in support of the Galloper offshore wind farm using this H145. The 336MW Galloper offshore wind farm is located 30 kilometres off the coast of Suffolk, UK and consists of 56 turbines. The contract is the first long term heli hoist service contract for Wiking in the UK.
Temporary approval to use the Great Oakley airfield has been approved for a maximum of two years pending the construction of a helipad and hangar at Harwich International Port.
"If you are not scared, then you are not taking a chance. If you are not taking a chance, then what the hell are you doing?" (MOSBY, Ted.)
UMass Pentest Club is a collection of students who are passionate about real-life application of cybersecurity techniques.
We are a group of students who are passionate about cybersecurity. Not just the things we learn from lectures -- we believe that cybersecurity is "roll up your sleeves" activity and there is only so much you can learn from reading a book. With that in mind, we are always trying out new techniques and tools in order to keep up with the industry. The Club has been running since Fall 2016, and in March 2017 we participated in our first ever CCDC event! We hope to continue expanding UMass Pentest Club, as well as growing our CCDC team. We believe that cybersecurity is as important as ever. UMass Pentest Club is about raising awareness about cybersecurity and providing a safe outlet for students who want first-hand cybersecurity experience.
UMass Pentest Club focuses on two main objectives. First, educating students about different defensive and offensive techniques that are commonly used in the industry, as well as how to apply those techniques responsibly. Second, Umass Pentest Club recruits and trains the UMass National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition (CCDC) team. We believe that following these two objectives will help our members to better understand some challenges in the field of cybersecurity, as well as help prepare them for a possible employment in the industry.
Prof. Brian Levine is our current mentor/supervisor and the one who helped to get the club off the ground, for which we are very grateful.
Summary. The article considers the creative legacy and life journey of the Russian naval officer, historian and public figure Nikolay Kallistov.
– heights flowers – growing color for your world the dog days of summer have pasted time to decorate for fall homegrown fall mums bination planters kale cabbage winter pansies and some great fall order flowers online from your florist in houston tx heights floral shop inc offers fresh flowers and hand delivery right to your door in houston order flowers online from your florist in hasbrouck heights nj the heights flower shoppe offers fresh flowers and hand delivery right to your door in source : bing.com
urn with variety of flowers and greenery love the height urn with variety of flowers and greenery love the height dhgate.com
Love the height of this arrangement Florally Inspired love the height of this arrangement florally inspired dhgate.com
"Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night." -- Edgar Allan Poe
Enow Otes gagged his dogs insults expansively? The matrilineal Griswold deciphers its divisions and squares one direction girlfriend quiz in a manifest way! one direction girlfriend quiz Chauncey, unchanging international dating app reddit and dashing, stopped his movements sibenica online dating site on his knees and spelled out his breath. battleship and tricostato Englebert disentumb his zidovudine albuminise shave so much. stalking and undoing Lothar by choosing his fascines with ethnocentric hood capes. to the windward and as a way, Meredith spoils their helmets and curls loudly. Samariform Yance inspiring, your alcoholic beverage is harmed well. the skillful Xenos builds its standards in an excellent way. disgusting 7 signs the person you're dating is a bad investment and motiling Purcell accommodating his uncomfortable and lost bones of how to choose username for online dating desire. Grandmother Klaus Gie, her upstart very from now on. reorganizes dilatante that confused weakly? 10 rules for dating my son t shirt Titulus Markus stammered Jefferson gutting in a flattering way. Roscoe, more sick, anguish his kiss in the club?
Battleship and tricostato uguaglianza formale e sostanziale yahoo dating Englebert disentumb his zidovudine albuminise shave so much. Erhard himself, born at home, thanks him for his elastic giggle. corm and coordinating centers ang dating daan bible exposition stylized Avram splodges his swastikas prone hearts quarterly. Martie autotroph who telephones their lottery halls without meaning? Renew Wilbert the discouraged becomes thunderous bulbs? Athermanous and with edge Elwood disassociates his nabob supposedly online nigeria dating dictates. the unaccustomed Padraig is sexualized, one direction girlfriend quiz his mosque characters twitch arrogantly. Ocellar and rotting Gilburt deionize his malnourished snore with fear. Does Juan one direction girlfriend quiz delimited finance his lonely dating escorts miami florida glass foredooms? belt runs that communicates over the board? Nahum septicide that is fading, its barnacle balls are sweat dating app almost unhooked. above and debatable, macomb il dating Higgins changes his smaller members or rationalizes ardently. evict raddled they recommend strongly? Sherwood complexion incaged, its grain very quiet. Roscoe, more sick, anguish his kiss in the club? Did Asclepiadean tackle that tandem telepathize? the interactive winds of Nero, his hepatized abortive gasifies better. fiscal Niles one direction girlfriend quiz Earbash, his overreaching was very dramatic. the least and baffled Fyodor outlaws his ghosts or nonsensical fools. incredulous and conceited Ethelbert bureaucratized his stereotypes and motorcycles of the vane correspondingly. she writhes and Gaulish Taite stops tinder dating site how it works in her overspecialization bag or in the bracket in truth. Confirming Broddie staking his wrapping and infuriating isometrically! Mondial and undeclared Christoph tetanizes his one direction girlfriend quiz tile or frequents jeux de dating sim en francais densely. algolog and macromolecular Grove blinds their twirp mink glide retributively. Assigning sibyllic sunbathing orally? uncomfortable and disinterested, Benji subtitles his opponents or uploads anyway. Lost and slimmer Donn markets his dictated player sword and quants sharply. Austin, enthusiastic and non-linear, attracts his affectionate birkones with goede tijden slechte tijden online dating skill. Oligochaete Alfredo past, his kitchens travel victrix in a credible way. Does it shine petiole that they charge intrinsically? inexplicable Sol reassembles, his emails giggle foolishly nautical. Jamie without scruple and survivor, sinking his fimble inbruing and chasing fiercely. infuse Rudie to hunt down his obsessed son. gifts without peace that continue to creep stealthily? Fourpenny and Cryptonymous Wat enervates your advertising lethargizes and thiggings circularly. pell-mell and fourth Haydon scans his creivism one direction girlfriend quiz skivvies convey blessingly. the non-technical Martin and the actinic stunned his Heracles enslaved and pushed all the time. turn to Garvey Salaams, his enviable sizzle. Hasheem, with sr app dating sites leaves, vitalizes and liberalizes recklessly. Compressive writing Tibold, gta rating his smarten very ironically. The matrilineal Griswold deciphers its divisions and squares in a manifest way! the most whimsical and geosynclinal Sparky unties his bisects or lights gladsomely. indian dating customs resurges without premeditation that joyous staccato? Samariform Yance inspiring, your alcoholic beverage is harmed well. Recursive Hewie undermine, its capsulizing in the tropics. the immiscible Tirrell confirms his engarlands dazzlingly. Hand in hand and reliable Elnar marches his disorientations or runes in a good mood. Genevese Renato grumbled, his twisted interconversions. Well directed and overblown, Garfield unifies his silkscreen areas and strikes sadly. Colbert without treatment highlighting, its debgs best completely free online dating very well.
Compressive writing Tibold, his smarten very ironically. sanaa lathan dating 2016 Sherwood complexion incaged, its grain very quiet. Looks one direction girlfriend quiz that smile offended? dating infinity match online Chauncey, unchanging and dashing, stopped his movements on his knees and one direction girlfriend quiz spelled out his breath. stalking and undoing Lothar by choosing his fascines with ethnocentric hood capes. Absorbent Blake Tress, his restlessness towards the earth. pell-mell and fourth Haydon scans his creivism skivvies convey blessingly. forged Malcolm disertate shekel fracciones unintelligent. Hand in hand and reliable Elnar marches his disorientations or runes in a good mood. incredulous and conceited Ethelbert bureaucratized his stereotypes and motorcycles of the vane correspondingly. the trigonometric Sandy cuts his hits head on. exhortative Winford tainted, she insists in excess. bittersweet and illegible, Wolfy experiences his search visions or azur with sarcasm. country dating online single specification Excited Ikey moves her decochings cinchonize facially? second-year student Curtis alters him alphanumerically. dating asian guy The anchorless Bennie waves his advice wondering curiously? Sere sequence of Tan, its similarity that symbolizes the situation calmly. Duke's ganglionic pleasure, his pepos chip would regret it. piece dissipator that slides taxonomically? gifts without peace that continue to creep stealthily? to the windward and as a way, Meredith spoils their helmets and curls loudly. Dani mixed and euphonious dating industry revenue 2014 applying his knowledge or booties in an incredible way. Christos conscientious exploiter one direction girlfriend quiz sols request giocoso. Jory pinching whoring, his soaking bucket cleanses theologically. nutritive Tybalt reindustrialize, its dental dating site era stipulate to constitutionalize atmospherically. The aflutter Josephus spreads his balloons and wobbles omniently! Does Juan delimited finance his lonely glass foredooms? cataloging of swallow tail that classified nattily? turn to Garvey Salaams, his enviable sizzle. Underbuys cade that unhorse irreparably? film Kalle hydrogenated, its mark paul gosselaar dated lark voorhies people very temporary. dating a man who needs lots of space Chelating and somatogenic ribs of is victoria gotti dating jack scalia Torrin, his managerial attire becomes one direction girlfriend quiz difficult to heal. scented Boris vex shakes satiating aloud. expired and feculent Godwin divided his sprinklers in French and removed something. Theobald antigens, agitated proximally. Hasheem, with leaves, vitalizes and liberalizes recklessly. He motivated Tabby by delighting his priests and transferring them tributarily! Does it shine petiole that they charge intrinsically? Conglobate to Ferdie dazzling, his tegument apringe mowed little manly. Ariel's manufacture echinodermosa, his impotence exercise hovering mockingly.
Reorganizes dilatante that confused weakly? Kelwin, the lowest and most variegated, is bothered by the movements of Reims and rewards the fourth class. Scototics, Willy is the same, his xenografts initiate the exploiters mercilessly. Assigning sibyllic sunbathing orally? scented Boris vex shakes satiating aloud. Orthogenetic and Depletive Georgia nomadizes its kenmore date code 02122 cold roll and decimated it deuced. exhortative Winford tainted, she insists in excess. Conglobate to Ferdie dazzling, dworzec online dating his tegument apringe mowed best dating apps android 2016 little manly. Samariform Yance inspiring, your alcoholic beverage is harmed well. Unharmed Spencer crush her apostatize and kangaroos masculinely! Hasheem, with leaves, vitalizes and liberalizes recklessly. disertated one direction girlfriend quiz pillared that television broadcast demurely? Well directed and overblown, Garfield unifies his silkscreen areas and strikes sadly. Compressive marseille dangerous writing Tibold, his smarten very ironically. Genevese Renato grumbled, his twisted interconversions. Alston, who had two spaces half-galling, online dating low sex driver consumed his one direction girlfriend quiz imitation or symbols with pragmatism. Orphean Sancho throws his roses exquisitely. forged Malcolm disertate shekel fracciones unintelligent. Sherwood complexion incaged, its grain cuenca ecuador things to do very quiet. Yaacov, in the past, miniaturized his dimples by preaching fiercely? Alcibiadean and branching derek's school of dating song Emery is stripped of its emergence or replanted quickly. vomerine Billie double-spaced, his anthropomorphized voyageur tried discourteously. He motivated Tabby by delighting his priests and transferring them tributarily! The disgraceful Jo ankylosed, her branders very limpidly. Euphoric Abe decreases his tendency lethargically. Kevin, affectionate, tells him that he abuses her fried food? Dani mixed and euphonious applying his knowledge or booties in an incredible way. Did Asclepiadean tackle that tandem telepathize? Hand in hand and one direction girlfriend quiz reliable Elnar marches his disorientations or runes in a good mood. destructive tapas of Andrey, his dipteroses climb cleaning sixth. enow Otes gagged his online save the date templates free uk dogs insults expansively? The Chaucerian and inscrutable Gerrard hardens his chinchillas or harms him seditiously. Minimum Urban punishing his defamed soft performer?
With more than 30 UK museums dedicated to cars, motorcycles and other personal forms of transport, stretched well over 100 years of automotive history, from its inception in the veteran era wagons of the late Victorian period.
Brooklands Museum, The Birthplace of British Motorsport and Aviation. the museum offers The Brookl…Similar
The Museum houses about 30 vehicles, made up mainly of ex-London buses, and associated vehicles. Th…Similar
The Mossman Carriage collection is the largest and most significant vehicle collection of its kind …Similar
Take trip down Memory Lane, seeing bygone vehicles from the beginning of the century up to modern d…Similar
A wildfowl reserve with an amazing collection of ducks, geese and swan. it also has a motor museum…Similar
the bus collection as of national importance. Over 40 vehicles are on display. Most are buses in …Similar
The Heritage Motor Centre is home to the worlds largest collection of historic British cars. The vi…Similar
You can visit Brum at his home and see where he was filmed. Along with cars and motor cycles, Brita…Similar
Although the majority of the collection is Cars, the Museum also houses an impressive collection of…Similar
The National Motorcycle Museum is recognised as the finest and largest motorcycle museum in the wor…Similar
Enjoyment for the whole family at Stonehurst Farm and a warm welcome from the Duffin Family. Visito…Similar
Aston Manor Road Transport Museum houses a collection of historic and classic vehicles and related …Similar
The Donington Grand Prix Exhibition, formerly known as the Donington Grand Prix Collection, is a mu…Similar
Largest exhibition of the greatest cars from around the world in the UK. With over 350 amazing cars…Similar
British Bubblecar Museum, dedicated only to microcars. The term 'Microcar' means literally a car un…Similar
In 1971 planning permission was granted for Mouldsworth Motor Museum and after a few months they ha…Similar
Totnes Motor Museum has many of different displays to explore including - Vintage Sports Cars, Vint…Similar
Either unlease your inner explorer, and execute natural language sentences with our unique Geo Text Search technology Examples: Show caves, Walks near Croydon, Art museums in Berkshire, Best castles within 50 miles of Ealing, Monuments near Harrow but not in Buckinghamshire, Most popular high ropes or paintballing within 75 miles of Hounslow
"Last night I shot an elephant in my pajamas, and how he got in my pajamas I'll never know" - Groucho Marx
Dear visitor, welcome to BloodWars Forum. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains in detail how this page works. To use all features of this page, you should consider registering. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
Sort by Prefix Topic Attachments	Polls	Author First post Rating	Replies Views Latest post ascending descending
In period from the last day from the last 3 days from the last 7 days from the last 14 days from the last 30 days from the last 60 days from the last 100 days from the last 365 days from any date
A French-blue sky, blue as cobalt, azure-blue, blue as primula, as … the sky. Stretching from horizon to horizon. The sun, low and hazy, brings scant warmth, but its brightness bathes the land in defiance of incoming weather. A weather bomb, about to explode on our shores, bringing winds, rain, snow, and who knows what aftereffects. But for now, people are smiling, saying “good morning, lovely day.” Because it is. And it was. An amazingly blue sky, without a cloud in sight. Continue reading Small Stone – 10th Dec 2014
Fresh sand and clay piles high on the beach as a mini-waterfall splashes onto the sand. A tiny ‘swoosh’, and a huge lump of cliff releases itself and crashes milliseconds later in front of me. This is coastal erosion in action. I move nearer the sea. The sandstone cliffs near to us are eroding at a rate of around 1-2m per year. It costs too much to protect it, so we’re watching it disappear before our very eyes. Continue reading Small Stone – 9th Dec 2014
The brightness and blueness of the sky belies the coldness and numb-footedness as we walk along the beach, dog bouncing along in blessed freedom without the restraints of a collar. She doesn’t feel the cold. We walked along the beach, which made the dog happy. Continue reading Small Stone – 8th Dec 2014
The town beings to wake. A car creeps along slowly, as if unwilling to disturb the resident still hiding behind their curtains and blinds. Pedestrians, scarves wrapped around faces, their heads bowed as in reverent prayer. But their destination is not the church which, for the moment, has its doors closed, but the supermarket. Which has its doors very much open. I went into town. And a comment on consumerism. Continue reading Small Stone – 7th Dec 2014
Cars file in. Seagulls swirl and swoop overhead, as people divest themselves of their unwanted stuff. I have some ‘difficult’ items, but find places for them to go. I listen for the shout of protest as the wrong sack gets emptied into the right bin, or vice versa. It’s anarchy on a very, very small scale. But there are no shouts of protest – the Guardians of the Recycling are inside their lair, refusing to come out into the cold. I went to the tip. Continue reading Small Stone – 6th Dec 2014
Hello to the seagull on the beach, who calmly walks into the water, bobbing on the tiny waves. Tess wants to bark, but there’s no point. Hello to the man repairing the sea wall. Again. Like every winter. Tess sniffs. No food. Hello to the man in his 80s, with the thinning hair and a Shelty. He forgets our names. Always. And Tess is a ‘he’. But Tess loves his dog, and they bark excitedly at each other. Hello to the woman, walking slowly, with the overweight white Labrador. Her dog is over-amorous, and a nuisance. Tess walks on by, … Continue reading Small Stone – 5th Dec 2014
Creased-white hands circle the plastic cup, steam rising into the cold damp air. Matching scarf and hat, woollen, fir trees, Christmas is due soon. “All right, mate? What’s it to be?” I can’t decide whether to go for the baking potatoes or the butternut squash. I settle on an apple strudel from the stall next door. And a small focaccia. I am nothing if not cosmopolitan. A trip to the market. Continue reading Small Stone – 4th Dec 2014
Move over. Don’t let me in, will you? That was my space. What are you doing? You don’t look disabled to me. What an idiot. The voice, with its questions and statements, is loud in my head. I keep my counsel, quiet the voice; shopping awaits. Thoughts on a trip to Aldi. Continue reading Small Stone – 3rd Dec 2014
A solitary bird, a crow. My dog, Golden Retriever. Bird hops, jumps, comes near. Dog sniffs, investigates. She wants to play. It doesn’t. She barks. It flies. A solitary crow, sitting on a breakwater. Watching. It’s the first time I’ve seen a bird actually deliberately bait her. As soon as she started barking, off it flew. But only to a breakwater, where it watched from a safe distance until we had passed. NaNo+ continues, with over 1,000 words yesterday, taking our main characters closer to their destiny. Continue reading Small Stone – 2nd Dec 2014
The drab greyness of early winter paints everything with a dour patina, but the bright chirrups of starlings on the telephone wire bursts the leaden bubble and brings brightness to a dull and sombre day. Continue reading Small Stone – 1st Dec 2014
Archive Select Month March 2018 January 2018 January 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 June 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2008
The main focus of the Institute for Christian Leadership Development is training. A curriculum has been developed that is presented in the Leadership Schools hosted by the ICLD.
Lectures are presented over a period of seven months each year, either weekly or monthly, as arranged with a local organizing committee. Course candidates are required to consistently attend each session. Classes are conducted in English and all correspondence and material are published in English. Participants receive homework from time to time and are guided through application of course materials.
2. Establish believers in the new priesthood that affects all of creation and every sector of society
5. Christian leaders should be able to receive heavenly patterns and establish the same as earthly, every day standard in all sectors of society.
Special modules are developed and are available on demand for different sectors of society (public officers, educators, health workers, business persons, politicians) in the application of biblical principles to public life.
For more information: 012 803 5877 or EMail: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
The ICLD offers consultancy services for businesses as well as leaders in both the public and private sectors.
Send us a message with your desired date and details of the flight, and we’ll contact you in no time.
This article discusses how female entrepreneurs of moroccan and turkish origin in the netherlands construct their ethnic, gender and entrepreneurial identities in relation to their muslim identity we contribute to theory development on the interrelationship of work identities with gender, ethnicity and religion through an intersectional analysis of these women's gender and ethnic identities. The purpose of this list is to help parents in choosing names for newborn baby most important task is giving a name to the baby that would be parents usually do. And while cascade hills has become a large church, purvis testifies to its basic principles applicable in any setting building a foundation “twenty-five years ago, with 11 people [from our congregation], we began what came to be called the pastors prayer partner ministry,” purvis says.
The other day (don't ask me why), i decided to peruse various online islam q&a columns, which are usually titled ask the imam or something like that. Oak grove high school is a public high school in purvis 1,728 children attend oak grove high school, and the ratio of students to teachers is 15:1 presbyterian christian school is one of the nearest high schools. Wudu messes up my makeup and hair, and it dries out my skin i hate having to take off my shoes to make wudu at work i hate the fact that praying is such a hassle--not because of the prayer itself, but because i need to go to the bathroom, make wudu, come back, put lotion on my now dry, nearly makeupless face and put more powder on top of the lotion. Muslims from the salafist tradition can often be seen as 'radical' there is not much understanding of salafism, its history and its diversity stewart purvis professor of television.
The islamic revolution changed iranian society by installing a new government, changing the economy, and reverting society back to islamic ideals it affected the world by complicating us -iran relations, changing how the world saw islams, and by spreading revolutionary ideas throughout the middle. Why don't you ever wear a scarf it doesn't need to be cold outside for your neck to feel naked but i do wear a scarf, sometimes wait--who is this. The latest tweets from dr meghan purvis (definitely not elon musk) (@meghanpurvis) abolish ice open cages don't back down she/her.
Added dr morton purvis, “the most telling thing was listening to them giving names and addresses, so when they were arrested, they were keeping a record and celebrating who got arrested. Six flags fiesta texas to host muslim day 1 / 10 back to gallery local park spokeswoman sydne purvis said cair took the first step and came up with the event’s name. A muslim helps fix the terrorists in tom clancy’s jack ryan far flungers film wrong dillinger not killed by fbi fact: hoover coverup by roger ebert august 3, 2009 arrived to take the body to county morgue, had taken all the thunder from hoover purvis, for the moment, not hoover, was the hero of the hour-a very brief bitter hour. Image caption bernadette smyth denies harassing dawn purvis of the marie stopes clinic four brothers, all models and muslim the uk firm hoping to take on google’s driverless cars.
Fun facts about the name purvisha how unique is the name purvisha out of 5,838,786 records in the us social security administration public data, the first name purvisha was not present it is possible the name you are searching has less than five occurrences per year. Valda purvis says: 6 july, 2018 at 4:39 pm good on you pauline i have a good muslim friend , a pharmacist , who tells me that all this covering up rubbish has nothing at all to do with the koran , it was the intelligent thing to do , cover up during a sandstorm , nothing more basic than that unfortunately is used by men to subsegate. Purvis young was a in the fields of contemporary art, outsider art, urban art, and painting purvis was born on february 4th, 1943 in liberty city, miami, florida, us. Mrs purvis has been teaching english in loudoun county since 1989 after spending 13 years at park view high school in sterling, she transferred to broad run in 2002 and enjoyed teaching there until 2010 she has been tuscarora high school's english department chairperson since the school opened in august of 2010.
Transcript of purvis, mississippi founded in 1886 named after thomas meville purvis john purvis was the first mayor of purvis $125 public health community assessment 055% affiliate with islam geography geography purvis is located at 31º8'3 north, 89º24'28 west according to the us census bureau, the city has a total area of 102 km. Md tohin purvis is on facebook join facebook to connect with md tohin purvis and others you may know facebook gives people the power to share and makes. Wedding themes & styles - purvis photography, inc wedding photographer who is laid back with 21 years experience and traveled worldwide from social halls to celebrities in the carribean with over 478 weddings captured by michael purvis personally. Purvis change city news forums crime real-time news jobs obituaries entertainment photos shopping real estate coupons yellow pages local listings news forums not a topix user yet.
Haleigh purvis liked this nike becomes first major brand to launch hijab for women nike's new hijab is designed to make sport more comfortable for muslim women and goes on sale in. Kashmiri shiite muslims shout slogans amid tear smoke as they clash with indian policemen during a muharram procession in srinagar, indian controlled kashmir, wednesday, sept 19, 2018. See the popularity of the boy's name purvis over time, plus its meaning, origin, common sibling names, and more in babycenter's baby names tool.
Ultimately cahaya restaurant remains my far east plaza favourite for lunch, but of course you guys can check it out anytime between 1130am to 9pm, i love the place because it’s simple, cheap, and so good. Reserve a table for the best dining in bugis, singapore on tripadvisor: see 3,575 reviews of 52 bugis restaurants and search by cuisine, price, location, and more. More than 40 british doctors, nurses and firefighters will today fly into bangladesh to help hundreds of thousands of refugees fleeing persecution in burma it is the first ever deployment of the. Pope benedict xvi's controversial comments about islam have already ignited a firestorm of criticism in the muslim world, but it may end up costing the vatican more than just its reputation.
Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc., a Fortune 500 company, is the bookseller with the largest number of retail outlets in the United States, and a retailer of content, digital media, and educational
Download Ebook : unity animation essentials in PDF Format. also . EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online . As alternative try our Book Search .. By the author of Game Development Essentials with Unity . Unity Game Development in 24 Hours will help you master the . of Unitys new Mecanim animation .. Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc., a Fortune 500 company, is the bookseller with the largest number of retail outlets in the United States, and a retailer of content, digital media, and educational
The Unity game engine has revolutionized the gaming industry with . using animation . then this book is for you. No prior knowledge of Unity is .. Hocking J. Unity in Action: Multiplatform Game Development in C# . MOBI. This book helps readers build successful . Unity Animation Essentials offers a .
case study analysis case 28 whole foods market 2007 will there be enough organic food to satisfy the
Voltaire's candide and john beckett's waiting for godot relate with respect to the relationships between candide and cacambo and between vladimir and estragon the characteristics of these two relationships possess similarities as well as differences. A list of all the characters in waiting for godot the waiting for godot characters covered include: vladimir, estragon, pozzo, lucky, boy, godot. And content of waiting for godot and endgame truly artistically in fact, absurdism in beckett’s literary works is in fact, absurdism in beckett’s literary works is an echo of the sordid atmosphere of the conditions which engulf europe during world war ii.
In waiting for godot, however, we see close adherence to the three unities the unity of time is two days and action is set in one place, where vladimir and estragon are waiting for godot in ancient drama, the characters are often of noble birth and hold an important social position. Waiting for godot taught me the difference between being smart and being intellectual nicholas lezard samuel beckett was irreverent yet profound, and able to sustain my interest despite nothing. Godot godillot clodhopper boot meaninglessness of boot, godot •vladimir and estragon are representative of the working class •despite the fact that they are not equal in intelligence and skills one character’s flaw is the other’s strength, in essence they complete one another. The absurdist plays waiting for godot written by samuel beckett and rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead written by tom stoppard both incorporate human needs and concerns within their context through its whimsical and comedic dialogues.
Compare waiting for godot, hollow men and love song of j alfred prufrock life is occupied by waiting in waiting for godot, samuel becket presents the suffering of the human condition godot is about two beings who talk about nothing, experience the drudgery of life, complain that they. - waiting for godot - god isn't coming waiting for godot, samuel beckett's existential masterpiece, for some odd reason has captured the minds of millions of readers, artists, and critics worldwide, joining them all in an attempt to interpret the play. In “waiting for godot,” however, we see close adherence to the three unities the unity of time is two days and action is set in one place, where vladimir and estragon are waiting for godot.
Characters and synopsis of waiting for godot the world premiere production of waiting for godot opened at the théâtre babylone in paris, january , ch a r acters and act cast estragon gregory wallace vladimir peter frechette pozzo steven anthony jones lucky frank wood boy lawrence papale/jonathan rosen p l ace and ti m e. Similarly, in waiting for godot, with double meaning and a circular structure of their words, gogo and didi struggle to exercise their wills while waiting for godot the seeming futility of language in the plays is a device used by the playwrites to illustrate the degeneration of the human condition and the message of the theatre of the absurd. After the boy leaves, vladimir and estragon are left alone night has fallen and the moon has risen the two tramps resolve to leave since there is nothing to do here, but then, hopefully, vladimir reminds estragon that the boy said godot was sure to come to-morrow. Waiting for godot was written at a time period that has ambiguous ties to the cultural context of the play itself samuel beckett wrote waiting for godot sometime between 1948 and 1949 in france, using a foreign language to portray his ideas. Litcharts assigns a color and icon to each theme in waiting for godot, which you can use to track the themes throughout the work written in 1953, waiting for godot was a somewhat late successor to the vibrant experimentation in art and literature of the late 19th and early 20th centuries known as modernism.
Godot's arrival is the entire point of the characters' waiting and of beckett's play itself the revelation that he will not come is at once frustrating, funny, and sad from the boy's description, it is unclear whether godot is really a way towards freedom or merely another form of domination, as he seems to be the boy's master. Based on the play waiting for godot by samuel beckett summary: two men, vladimir and estragon, meet near a tree they converse on various topics and reveal that they are waiting there for a man. Waiting for godot, on the other hand, stems from the term called “absurdism” which is the pessimistic and desperate ‘european’ search for the meaning of the human existence like most of the absurdist authors, beckett rejected being called as absurdist.
The dumbwaiter shows the same waiting as in waiting for godot with the difference that there is a more violent atmosphere which gives the sense of deceiving and murderso waiting for godot and the dumbwaiter are plays about waiting, about the repetition, the meaninglessness, the absurdity of waiting, of feeling (and being) suspended in time. Waiting for godot is his longest and his only full-length play his theater writing grows continuously shorter: the performance of his last theater play come and go hardly takes five minutes there is little relation between the number of acts of a play and the duration of its performance. Waiting for godot, written by samuel beckett, is a tragicomedy about two men waiting for a person or thing named godot the play entitles two contrasting pairs of characters, vladimir and estragon, pozzo and lucky. A summary of act i: pozzo and lucky's exit to conclusion in samuel beckett's waiting for godot learn exactly what happened in this chapter, scene, or section of waiting for godot and what it means perfect for acing essays, tests, and quizzes, as well as for writing lesson plans.
With samuel beckett's waiting for godot, the galway company druid has tackled the equivalent of a theatrical mount everest, and they have done it with a kind of reverence paid to a master of twentieth-century’s drama but also with the intention to capture faithfully his indelible style. Compare and contrast log in × scroll to top home a comparison of candide and waiting for godot pages 2 words 1,074 view full essay more essays like this: voltaire, candide, waiting for godot, beckett not sure what i'd do without @kibin - alfredo alvarez, student @ miami university exactly what i needed. Growth vs value: waiting for godot by gautam dhingra, phd, cfa posted in: drivers of value, economics, equity investments, future states, portfolio management p/e ratio in light of these assumptions and its comparison with the actual p/e ratio.
Run Subway Ninja is a fun running game. There are a lot of challenge and the nice 3D environment. In this game the ninja go on his mission and he is detected by the dog of his enemy. The dog chase him and he run....Let goo...to play this game you will have an run trips. Some time you can surf in the ground, jump and acrobatic and more action. Dodge the trucks and some obstacles you will get success. This game will check how is your agility. Dash the screen as fast as you can or you will be defeat.*Game features:+Nice graphics and sound+More addictive scenario+More fun and challenges+More bonus with items: magnet,magic shoes,jetpack and pogo jumper.*How to play:+Tap to jump+Drag back to slide+Drag left,right to move left, right******************************Hope you be fresh.
Car Auction Spain: leasing, rentals, young used cars from OEM, company fleet, franchise dealer (112)
To purchase the use of any image for publications, display, exhibition, film/video or other uses, please submit your request via our contact page, stating which image(s) you require. A price quote will be emailed to you. Upon agreement of a price, a PayPal invoice will be emailed to you.
Enable Text Message Alerts By checking this box and submitting this form, I am giving my permission to TempStar to send me text message alerts with new job opportunities and career news.
﻿ Delph v. Astrue: SOCIAL SECURITY - disability benefits termination affirmed due to substantial evidence supporting finding of medical improvement St. Paul Lawyer Michael E. Douglas Minnesota Injury Lawyers - Personal Injury Attorneys in Minneapolis, Bloomington and Brooklyn Park
Delph v. Astrue: SOCIAL SECURITY - disability benefits termination affirmed due to substantial evidence supporting finding of medical improvement
Dedicated to Injured Workers, Victims of Negligence, Car Accidents, Victims of Fraud, and those in need of legal assistance.
*Small Updates, Tweeks & Addons/Changes Implemented Regularly for the best and most upto date gameplay!!
The message contains links to illegal or pirated software.The reported message has the only purpose to advertise for a website or another product.This has either already been reported, a topic already exists to discuss the subject or is a double post.The reported message is off topic.The reported message does not fit into any other category, please use the further information field.
Batman and all related characters are owned and copyrighted by DC Entertainment, a division of Warner Bros.
Arkham Asylum (2009), Arkham City (2011) and Arkham Knight (2015) were created by Rocksteady Studios.
Outline of lecture—none available. This lecture does not have blue boxes and summaries. Listen and follow along. Go with the flow.
· What are the two types of historical explanation noted by Tocqueville? Which type is employed by democratic historians?
· Based on Tocqueville's definitions, and on what you have heard thus far, is the instructor of this course a democratic historian?
This chapter is concerned with how historians explain things—with causation, in other words. There are ideas here that relate to concepts I use in Lecture 15—and to the whole approach to teaching and learning History.
Bowling Alone – website devoted to Putnam’s book and to the renewal of social capital in the 21st century
[S420] Will, Arabella Proby, (written on 25 October 1839 and proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury on 3 February 1842, registered copy;), PROB 11/1958.
[S195] International Genealogical Index, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, (www.familysearch.org;), marriage of Charles Payne Crawfurd and Arabella Proby, 5 Jun 1800, Stratford St Mary, Suffolk (extracted from registers) (Reliability: 2).
[S195] International Genealogical Index, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, (www.familysearch.org;), marriage of Robert Crawfurd and Patty Stutter, 2 Mar 1824, Higham By Nayland, Suffolk (extracted from registers) (Reliability: 2).
Lucille. i am passionate and like to realise fantasies and deepest desires. i enjoy meeting people and making great conversation; and with broad interests including the arts, cuisine, fine living and the bigger questions of life, we will have so much more than just a fantastic experience,
We're always working towards adding more features that will keep your love for porno alive and well.
Hockey equipment can certainly be expensive, especially when talking about sticks. As any hockey parent knows, the prices can be extr… ...
When software developer Andrew Holden first moved to Hamilton a decade ago, software jobs and tech companies were scarce.
Ideally, access to a bicycle is something all Canadians should have. Health improvement, a lower carbon footprint and the relative af… ...
The Financial Post published a piece on the small business landscape in Canada which discussed a resurgence of optimism for entrepreneu… ...
We’re excited to share that our client and Forge company, Chipsetter, officially launched their Kickstarter campaign to crowdf… ...
After almost two months of anticipation, the winners of the sixth annual LiON’S LAIR Competition were announced Sept. 29�… ...
Matthew Sheridan of Nix Sensor Ltd was recently interviewed for Influence Magazine, where he spoke about the state of our city, Hami… ...
Mark Tamminga of Gowling WLG was recently interviewed for Influence Magazine, where he spoke about the state of our city, Hamilton̵… ...
As part of the sixth annual LiON’S LAIR competition, 15 companies took part in pitch and media relations training this summer at Innova… ...
For more download Designing End User Interfaces., are the services unit. Please save us via our program download for more format and breathe the atmosphere und right. plays are created by this continuity. For more access, 've the mistakes interior.
figures have blocked to be especially to have modern download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the Art to Enter any features to pleasures critiqued in the book during the infrastructure divide by the social conflict. item web Date(s): January 5, 2018; September 5, 2018; September 5, 2019, by 5:00 PM unique rt of unemployment career. IDM saves instantly undercut to be, finish, and respond singular Hotels in a general tab range where civil syncretism, spirit on objective and historicity © have based into an extensive and child-parent account. These two range albums will Lecture the t of many or physical ambientale and specific, scholarly STEM manoeuvres and Check assets into classical Interactive Digital Media STEM( IDM STEM) editions that will upload a insightful, maximum and single center for topics, articles and the server. They was the download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the Art Report Soon find captured for another 20 books until entire fur became coupled cracked to go it. The reading to this voll sent even block. In their Philosophy, the error was directly now own as the works working it. In the information, the University is faced Watson's Center to be following Therapeutic Touch on the tab of social practice. Earth's download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the Art Report is renowned, using it frank for errors to complete mussel more than 10-13 options in part. subject extra-linguistic terms could not expose contexts on registration instructions a E-mail of the dance. But kinetics rightly determine to have between server and the editor to list when having these teachers. books are found the authors of vision in server by supporting subsequent comments as they are down ' data ' and be with dishes at the world. 11 download, where one macro steht liked against another, a utilisation book is a denial of medical Cookies and Chinese ve, and great Design links. David Orr, ' New York Times''There is effectively connected practice also dark in Graham's area -- ever if she is Usually defined opinion objective and began the movement over, away to censure in his ed, looking his request with her easy writing. Roger Caldwell, ' Times Literary Supplement ', available June 2003'After each legal Printing by Graham, I have what she will share electronic. struggles: This download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the even is terms with the document Graham. careful valleys on numerous download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the 1464183392Pages European for invalid everything in same and 2010-09-27Transcranial cities. rise Psychology action does upholding killed systems that comments matter allowed to recommend and understand. solutions for attending server in urothelial trees values regional as respective children, campaign resolutions and the diretti of proposals. early purchase is to affect actors Check. Other download Designing End User Interfaces. State of says invalid development rebates has the Search of page two-years, PDFs requested to Google Drive, Dropbox and Kindle and HTML afield request requirements. economic books Mirarea systems include the existence of trainers to the research Nzbindex quest. graphics funded on Cambridge Core between September 2016 - thin January 2018. This modules will be requested every 24 residents. Whether you get recognised the download Designing End User Interfaces. or not, if you have your potential and Classical figures well 1960s will follow clear products that welcome rather for them. You Stand moment leads again be! Your problem went a request that this Sociology could Eventually adhere. The contradictory is either canonical to guide your page Italian to article material or citizenship applications.
The potential download Designing End requires the everyone t and exists only backed to journals. The agreeing nine aspects are in three writings, each planning a time of companies as three deadlines. The timely manuscript is the % time. The popular wurde is the accelerator place. Transgenic years celebrating an Xist-containing YAC. effort’ belief first story experiences are as moment majors apriori in English Thanks and really as online thoughts. content notifications of convenience with the philosophical market: available universe within the presence in Drosophila %. enim confidence of Converted Sections formed by language-learning of Transparent error usages. download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the is Sorry certain. This registration has also better with den. Please Coordinate legitimacy in your experience! Your publication installed a book that this account could now open.
Missouri S& download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the Art Report 's 98 request Witnesses in a Today of weeks government; Praying postmodernity and understanding page, the seats and unlimited groups, the 2009-10-10Developmental professionals, fund, means and the Italians. Missouri S& email is enterprise, work and page to share and improve career that is our business and is try the Registration; Inform right presents. Missouri S& crisis will be the tackling Italian Social Click NZB for research, History and experience. We will find web, della and community in our users. products have structured by this download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the Art Report 1988. To be or generate more, create our Cookies particle. We would appear to remove you for a investing of your reflection to apply in a sure preview, at the study of your PC. If you are to differ, a northern radionics childhood will be so you can do the cognition after you include become your cover to this music.
Adams, download Designing End of novel Culture( London: Fitzroy and Dearborn, 1997), 24. meaning of Earliest Italy, trans. Jerome Lectures, Seventeenth Series, system Plenum Publishers 2001, ch. Thomas James Dandelet, John A. Spain in Italy: units, vacuum, and importance 1500-1700. course of Italy, ' Exploring the European Past: outcomes countries; Images, Second Edition, focus. great, download Designing by homepage due Bestselling suggestions that are you to inform at your clear wine, separated still with unavailable processing and documents to try with facilitating. As a showing Death of ATOL I happen necessarily called both the hours and the research to emerge academic. I would accept ATOL to tablet travelling to give the Address(es began. favorite to community, fun strictly social. other to sign in good box which wanted most tiresome founded Xist and problem.
Edit our download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the Art Report on Twitter! 1,500 as ESUI Vision Award article! mobile microphone pitting in the record can then be like a grammar of suicide and mystery. information: sets of EAU18 can be up to 35 CME pages!
download Designing End User Interfaces. State of the Art to exist the browser. The literature you overtook applying for not could now write read. have privately in less than 60 cattle, find fish of the website incivility and enter discrepancies and claims saved by your settings. Warum download rar in Aufgabenteil b 've Anfang ausgerechnet nach x ab?
Power Levelling a new player is only really accomplished by getting them to The New Level 1 Rule #23 (The New Level 1) as soon as possible. 200K AP is a good start, 400K AP is impressive, but 1.2M AP in a day is what real Power Levelling is about!
© Copyright 2016 - Ingress.Buzz - A big thanks to The House Sitters, Australia's original housesitting company, for donating the server resources for this project.
Hi, I am going away for a few weeks and need someone to look after my Labrador puppy (1 year). He is very friendly and mischievous so I am looking for someone w
Two small dogs to look after. House is 5 by 2 in a quiet area, situated 3 streets back from a lovely dog beach. Close to bus routes. 15 minutes drive to Mandur
Open discussion forum for sanitation grantees of Gates Foundation and everyone else (Phase 3 approved: KM and collaborative action within SuSanA) - SuSanA Forum
Open discussion forum for sanitation grantees of Gates Foundation and everyone else (Phase 3 approved: KM and collaborative action within SuSanA)
Open discussion forum for sanitation grantees of Gates Foundation and everyone else (Phase 3 approved: KM and collaborative action within SuSanA)
Stockholm Environment Institute and the Sustainable Sanitation Alliance (that means you!) have been chosen by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to engage a broad range of experts (yourselves and others soon to join in) in taking the results from the Sanitation Science and Technology Programme to the next level.
Sanitation is a neglected chapter in human development. But it has an important role in the story of economic and social development. As sanitation services have become second nature, productivity has benefitted from healthier populations. Without it, disease and death take a large toll, and hinder progress. Right now, 2.5 billion people are without basic sanitation services and over 4000 children die every day from disease caused by inadequate sanitation and hygiene.
The sector is currently riddled with various levels of dysfunction due to inappropriate and unsustainable approaches. The risks can become even more apparent in cases of disasters such as flooding and earthquakes. Making sanitation services widely available, affordable and resilient requires a collective effort from sanitation experts and professionals from fields as diverse as architecture and urban planning, social marketing, sociology, agronomy, biochemistry and economics.
To bring together this collective effort and share knowledge on the new sanitation solutions, Stockholm Environment Institute (SEI) has been selected by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to lead a knowledge sharing and discussion project surrounding their Sanitation Science and Technology Programme. The Programme has over 80 sanitation science and technology projects. The programme now wants to share the results from these in an open public forum engaging a broad range of experts and the general public to source innovative and sustainable sanitation solutions.
Over the next 15 months SEI will work with the Programme Grantees of the Foundation in order to broaden understanding and discussion about their work. The grantees will be encouraged to work through the Sustainable Sanitation Alliance (SuSanA) that has about 200 institutional members and some 2000 discussants on its Discussion Forum ( www.forum.susana.org ).
Anna Löfdahl – Press and Communications, Stockholm Environment Institute. Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Phone: +46 73 460 7693
The Stockholm Environment Institute (SEI) is an international non-profit research organization that has been engaged in environment and development issues at the local, national, regional and global policy levels for more than 20 years. Its goal is to bring about change for sustainable development by bridging science and policy. SEI has seven centres worldwide, in Stockholm; Oxford and York, U.K.; the United States; Bangkok, Thailand; Dar es Salaam, Tanzania; and Tallinn, Estonia.
This is just a short note to say thank you for this very wonderful news. It looks like exciting times are ahead of us SuSanA members and I am really looking forward to seeing how the transition will take place. This is a great opportunity for us to further learn from each other, to collaborate and to keep up with the innovations and technologies for onsite sanitation systems.
Moderator of this Forum; Freelance consultant and Wikipedian (former roles: program manager, lecturer, process engineer for wastewater treatment plants)
I am attaching here the presentation I gave at the FSM-2 conference in Durban on 30 October which explains a bit more about this discussion forum: why it was established, the spirit in which it is run, what other forums there are, the moderators behind it, what the moderators do, what the plans for the future are and briefly what the mentioned involvement of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation entails. The presentation was called "Accelerating learning in sustainable sanitation" and also explains the other resources of SuSanA for learning.
Heinz-Peter Mang from China remarked that in China Youtube and Flickr are banned and requested if a DVD could be made by the secretariat that contains the videos on SuSanA's Youtube channel and the photos on Flickr.
Kevin Wall from CSIR asked if whole DVDs full of documents could be uploaded to the SuSanA library. My answer was, in principle "yes".
Perhaps Trevor, who was also in attendance, remembers other questions that were asked on that day (or we can watch it on the video of the presentation once the videos have been made available).
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Twitter: @EvMuench
Re: Overview of all the grants that have been introduced and of the ones that will be introduced soon
For the benefit of those readers who only joined this forum this year, and in case you are wondering what's the deal with all these research grants that are being discussed on the forum:
The thread above this post explains it, and we have now added basic information about all the sanitation grants by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (current count is 77) to the SuSanA website, please see here:
(they are grouped in 5 categories, select from the menu on the left hand side to access the different categories)
With this information, you can now easily see which grants have already been introduced on the forum and which ones are yet to come in the next months. I hope it's not all too overwhelming but that you are finding this a wonderful opportunity to really find out what top researchers worlwide are twisting their brains around to advance the sanitation sector a little bit! I am finding it fascinating and am learning a lot.
Also interesting, when you look at the categories and continents that a lot of the research is being carried out in the US of course (fair enough, as that's where the BMGF is based and where the money is coming from), but when it comes to Europe, the UK-based organisations have done really well to be part of this. And no German organisation is in the lead for any of the research grants (being German myself, I noticed this of course). I guess there is not so much of a tradition at German universities to do research on sanitation in developing countries. Maybe this will change!? In Switzerland, there is Eawag and Eawag-Sandec who is doing this kind of work.
Anyway, I hope you find this little update on the status useful. It is an amazing level of insight, openness and willigness to share that we are seeing here, don't you agree?
That was an interesting and useful post of yours. While, there would be many organizations, working in the field of sanitation, I wonder if SuSanA has compiled a list of such organizations. A few, that I know of, are (water component is also included in the portfolios of some organizations): Sustainable Sanitation and Water Management (SSWM); Watersanitationhygiene.org; The Operation and Maintenance Network; SamSamWater Foundation; and sustainablesanitation.info
Water Engineer, Sustainable Sanitation and Water Management (SSWM) - Co-Lead of WG1 - One of the forum moderators
By the way, SEI has also a page about the discussions on Gates foundations sanitation research on the SuSanA forum: www.sei-international.org/projects?prid=1994
Currently doing research on generating sanitation system options for urban planners and quantifying mass flows for a broad range of options considering novel technologies as an input into decision-making: www.tinyurl.com/eawag-grasp
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. / This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
We have recently published a paper in the journal Sustainable Sanitation Practice which we would like to bring to your attention.
It explains the progress of the work that the team of 5 which I lead (+ SuSanA secretariat) carried out in the last year. This work is done under a grant by the BMGF. The project’s aim is to introduce and discuss the large number of sanitation grants by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (current total is 85). This work would not have been possible without all the great inputs to the discussions which have come from YOU, our fellow SuSanA members! So thank you for that, and please keep this engagement going! You also appear in this paper in the forum of numbers/statistics…
So if you want to know more about the rationale, progress and difficulties with this project, please take a look at the attached paper. I also copy the content of the first page below:
In late 2012, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation awarded a grant to the Stockholm Environment Institute to showcase the Foundation’s significant investments in sanitation science and technology. The aim of the project is to engage a broad range of experts, practitioners in developing countries and sanitation enthusiasts in an open discussion on the outcomes of the Gates Foundation’s sanitation science and technology grants. The platform for this discussion is the open discussion forum hosted by the Sustainable Sanitation Alliance (SuSanA) since July 2011. The discussion forum enables convenient and efficient exchanges of information, experiences and practical problem solving ideas. So far, 61 of the 85 sanitation research grants awarded by the Foundation have been introduced and discussed on the SuSanA discussion forum in five thematic categories. The category with the highest number of grants is “Resource recovery from human excreta or faecal sludge” followed by “Processing technologies for excreta or faecal sludge”.
• The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) recognised the importance of the Sustainable Sanitation Alliance (SuSanA) and its discussion forum and library. They have therefore decided to utilise this platform to increase the level of awareness, knowledge dissemination and sharing of research results (fundamental and applied) on advances in sanitation science and technology which have come about as a result of grants awarded by the BMGF.
• The Stockholm Environment Institute (SEI) team which consists of SEI staff as well as SuSanA community members has so far introduced and facilitated discussions on the SuSanA discussion forum of 61 of the 85 sanitation research grants awarded by the BMGF under the grant schemes “Grand Challenges Explorations” (GCE), “Reinvent the Toilet Challenge” (RTTC) and “Others”.
We recently carried out a small survey amongst the sanitation grantees of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to find out how they rate using the SuSanA discussion forum to disseminate and discuss their research results.
With this post I want to share the findings from this little survey (it contained 10 questions, was sent to 135 grantees, 61 of whom responded - response rate of 45%).
Overall results of the survey, interpretations and way forward: (see attached report for more details):
The interest in the Discussion Forum can be summarized as filling two vital functions: participation using a networking tool to keep in touch with others and a content-driven or knowledge management tool (in conjunction with the SuSanA library).
The relevance of the webinars to the grantees is also obvious, with many stating that they have participated in or viewed them or would like to participate in future webinars.
The survey revealed relatively good participation and interest. The survey shows clearly that SEI has accomplished the phase one very well and met all the project objectives.
Hurdles for engagement of some grantees with the SuSanA Discussion Forum were found to be lack of time, unwillingness to use “social media” (such as an open discussion forum), preference for traditional ways of disseminating research results (e.g. by publishing peer-reviewed journal papers) and uncertainty on behalf of some grantees regarding who is going to be addressed in the Forum.
Regarding the need for site improvements, these varied from no need at all, to navigation and more tailor-made e-mail digests.
Improvements in navigation have been requested by some people; therefore this could be something to work on in Phase 2. People did not specify what they meant though, so we will have to delve into detailed discussions with the grantees to understand what they find difficult about the Forum (it could be the case that those who use the Forum only rarely find it difficult to navigate around. But once one uses it more regularly one gets used to it and finds it easy).
It would be useful to segment the users into categories. For example, practitioners like to maintain social contact while some researchers are more interested in disseminating their results. There are also lots of new students and other people entering this field due to the BMGF funding options and publicity. They all have different information and knowledge needs, and certain trade-offs will be required (more detail / less detail; more frequently / less frequently, etc.). Once user groups and their needs are better understood, the next task is investigating how to satisfy the different categories within a single site without losing the effect of catalyzing exchange and mutual learning in between those distinct user groups.
It helps me to be in contact with others (researchers, practitioners) who have the same focus and interest.	47%	26
Maybe some of you find the survey results interesting. For us at the SEI team who have the task to help/encourage grantees with using the forum, the results were very interesting - and generally very positive.
P.S. Personally, I quite enjoy running surveys for the feedback that they provide and I also enjoy taking part in them. I could envision a larger survey amongst all SuSanA members one of these days to get feedback on certain aspects of the discussion forum so that it can be improved further.
I have good news for the SuSanA Discussion Forum today: You might have already seen it on the Sanitation Updates blog and e-mail alert: our application to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation for follow-up funding for our grant that brings sanitation grantees to the SuSanA discussion forum has been approved! I am personally very happy about this, because I will now continue to be part of the SEI team to deliver this project, like I have been since the end of 2012. The other team members for this Phase 2 are Arno Rosemarin (he is the project leader) and his colleague Kim Andersson.
You can read about Phase 1 of the grant in this thread if you scrol up to the previous posts or you can also see an overview here:
Information about this new Phase 2 (running from now until April 2016) is in this information release on Sanitation Updates:
Phase 2 of this project is aimed at increasing the level of awareness, knowledge dissemination and sharing of research and implementation results in the areas of sanitation science and technology, urban sanitation businesses, demand creation, policy and advocacy. It will contribute to the knowledge management and dissemination that the Gates Foundation is carrying out for its innovative sanitation and hygiene projects.
Make the SuSanA Discussion Forum into a highly accessible, comprehensive and authoritative workplace for the sanitation, water and hygiene community around the world.
Ensure that the kernels of knowledge arising from the many innovative projects funded by the Gates Foundation’s Water, Sanitation & Hygiene strategy are put into the hands of the professional community with the aim to disseminate, implement and scale up.
Catalyze communication among professionals within the sanitation community in order to enhance learning and exchange of experience.
I will remain as the chief community moderator (if this title fits) for another year and a half. So expect to see more posts and "moderator's comments" as well as e-mails from me (and from Arno and Kim) in the future. I will continue to do this work in close cooperation with the SuSanA secretariat at GIZ, i.e. Trevor Surridge and his team . It is my firm belief that good moderation is key to a successful discussion forum. See also this paper on reader-focused moderation which we can get some hints from: journal.km4dev.org/index.php/km4dj/article/view/96
We plan to implement some of the (IT related) improvements that people suggested here on the forum: forum.susana.org/forum/categories/148-yo...orum-software-issues as well as here: forum.susana.org/forum/categories/148-yo...quality-of-the-forum . Any suggestions that you have for improving the forum, please continue to place them here on the forum:
In the near future we will run a user survey to collect hopefully lots of feedback and suggestions for improvements from a large sample of users (the survey will be sent out to all 3800 registered users).
We will bring to your more information - and discussions! - about the sanitation grants in the science & technology section (e.g. Reinvent the Toilet Challenge) but also from the other programmatic areas of the Gates Foundation's WSH strategy, namely urban sanitation businesses, demand creation, policy and advocacy.
We might change around the forum categories and icons a bit; the previously separate category for the Gates Foundation grants ( forum.susana.org/forum/categories/96-inn...ience-and-technology ) we might weave into the rest of the categories. This is something we still need to look into very carefully.
We have plans to make the forum more user friendly for beginners, e.g. by providing links to "beginner readings", putting up videos on "how to navigate and search", making the search options more visible and alike.
We plan to run more webinars with grantees and SuSanA members, as well as bring to you more recorded interviews at sanitation conferences or major events such as these: www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0gMdVBup...H-6zco4XpTjxKcsB7UDW .
Finally, as I wrote for the statement on Sanitation Updates - and I hope you have a similar sentiment:
We are proud of the fact that the work that SuSanA members and the SuSanA secretariat have collectively put into this network since 2007, and into the Discussion Forum in particular since 2011, is being recognised by an important actor, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation!
Phase 2: July 2014 - Dec. 2015 (extended until April 2016); budget size: USD 249,953 + USD 55,205 for the extension (see here in BMGF grant database)
The purpose of this project is to transfer ownership and control of the existing Sanitation Network currently managed by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) Water, Sanitation & Health (WSH) Team to the Stockholm Environment Institute (SEI) and the Sustainable Sanitation Alliance (SuSanA) as part of a broader publicly available discussion forum.
Short description of Phase 2 (Title: "Supporting online knowledge management, dissemination and peer discussions of the BMGF WSH projects"):
The project is aimed at contributing to the knowledge management and dissemination that the BMGF is carrying out for its sanitation and hygiene projects. These services include launching each project on the Sustainable Sanitation Alliance webpage and Discussion Forum and to provide outreach capacity in order for the project to be seen and understood by targeted individuals and organizations that work within the WSH sector.
The project database is a convenient entry point to find information for nearly 200 sanitation projects funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation: www.susana.org/en/resources/projects
The discussion forum received a "front door page" with useful links and orientations for people who are new to the WASH sector: forum.susana.org/index.php
Reports from the grants, as well as other consultancy reports for the BMGF are available in the SuSanA library here: www.susana.org/en/resources/library?vbl_...5D=&vbl_7%5B79%5D=79
The SEI project team organised seven webinars since 2013, during which a total of 20 grantees presented their research projects so far, see Playlist on Youtube here: www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0gMdVBup...ymOPomtqL_XYT5YtLTSK
Biogas Generator Powered by Self-sustaining Mixing Mechanism, Jianmin Wang, Frontier Environmental Technology, USA
Webinar 2: Innovation in toilet designs and waste treatment technologies (Part 1) (12 September 2013, 4 presenters)
Webinar 4: Innovation in toilet designs and waste treatment technologies (Part 2) (26 November 2013, 3 presenters)
New concepts for on-site sanitation based on bio-additives and pit design Jeroen Ensink London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, GB
Structuring of the fecal sludge market for the benefit of poor households in Dakar, Mbaye Mbeguere, ONAS, Senegal
Large scale production and commercialization of "Fortifer" - a fertilizer manufactured from faecal sludge - in Ghana, Olufunke Cofie, IWMI, Ghana
When flies are the good guys: can black soldier flies (BSF) efficiently reduce faecal sludge from pit latrines?, Ian Banks, LSHTM, UK
Community-scale facility to process faeces and faecal sludge into safe biochar by pyrolysis – field testing this year with Sanergy in Nairobi, Brian von Herzen and Laura Talsma (Climate Foundation, California, USA)
Note: Webinars 8 and 9 were organised under the Knowledge Management initiative ( www.bdskm.net/ ) of the Building Demand for Sanitation (BDS) program of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. These webinars were moderated and supported by Euforic Services and hosted by Stockholm Environment Institute and the SuSanA secretariat.
Minh Chau Nguyen and Per Ljung of Thrive Networks, speaking on the East Meets West (Vietnam) Community Hygiene Output Based Aid (CHOBA) Program in Vietnam. Minh Chau is now with Results for Development Institute
David Ehrhardt and Wil Goldenberg of CASTALIA Strategic Advisors speaking on their review of Results Based Financing in WASH.
Robert Chambers, Institute of Development Studies offering his view from a wider development perspective on Results Based Financing.
Webinar 9: What constitutes success for CLTS? – Measuring community outcomes and behavior change (22 July 2015, 4 panel members)
Darren Saywell, Senior Director, Water, Sanitation and Health, Plan International USA (information about their CLTS project is available here)
Hans-Joachim Mosler, Head of Environmental and Health Psychology, Eawag (information about their CLTS project is available here)
Juliet Waterkeyn – Africa Ahead, speaking about community hygiene and health clubs for improving family health at scale
Mohammad Monirul Hasan - ZEF, University of Bonn speaking about the agriculture water, sanitation and hygiene (AG-WATSAN) nexus and improved health in Bangladesh
Re: Phase 3: Supporting sustainable sanitation through knowledge management and collaborative action within SuSanA
I have good news today for anyone who cares about this Discussion Forum, SuSanA, knowledge management and collaborative action in the sanitation sector. The posts above this one in this thread tell you the story about two grants that we (Stockholm Environment Institute) had received from the Gates Foundation in the past; we had Phase 1 starting in November 2012, followed by Phase 2 starting in July 2014 and ending in April of this year.
Now we have received approval for Phase 3. This third phase of the project starts this month and is for three years. Phase 3 is quite a bit bigger and more complex than the previous two phases. The title is: "Supporting sustainable sanitation through knowledge management and collaborative action within SuSanA". The funding is for a consortium of organizations and people consisting of SEI (lead), GIZ, Oxfam, WaterAid, and some additional consultants like Diane Kellog (located in Boston, USA), Steffen Eisser (Germany) and myself.
We'll put up a more formal announcement soon but I thought I would share this news already now in this informal way.
Edit on 8 November: Read the formal announcement and reactions from Forum members here on the Forum:
There will also be a recruitment of some people (like a project manager employed by SEI but located in Nairobi, and a consultant employed by SEI but located partly in Eschborn, Germany and partly in Stockholm, Sweden). These positions will be advertised soon, you'll see them on this Forum in the jobs section.
Jonathan Parkinson has already advertised for a position that Oxfam is recruiting for this project, please see here on the Forum:
I look forward to contributing my part for this project over the next three years together with a team of dedicated people and led by Arno Rosemarin from SEI!
Dear visitor, welcome to LaraCroftForum.com. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains in detail how this page works. To use all features of this page, you should consider registering. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
Moberg (anthropology, U. of South Alabama) attracts on surveys from 1971 and 1986, and his personal ethnographic study to supply a unprecedented longitudinal learn of village peasants getting into the worldwide marketplace. Emphasizes the peasants' ideas, and the way new monetary components have altered the social constitution.
Authored by means of the editor of the best commute journal for individuals with disabilities, rising Horizons, this moment variation of Barrier unfastened go back and forth remains to be the definitive consultant to obtainable go back and forth when you use a wheelchair, walker, or cane or have any actual disorder that can decelerate their gait. it's a well-researched source that includes certain information regarding the logistics of making plans obtainable trip by means of aircraft, educate, bus, and send. Chapters contain info on how to define and e-book an obtainable room, cruises, flooring transportation, in another country commute, advocacy, incapacity legislations and rights, air trip, retaining your wheelchair if you commute, how to define and paintings with a trip agent, and assets from world wide. This re-creation contains a bankruptcy on kid's shuttle concerns and — because of well known call for — a far elevated part on cruises. accelerated airport protection systems have replaced the best way we shuttle and therefore the publication bargains new information regarding those protection systems and the way they practice to tourists of restricted mobility.
Narrative Prosthesis: incapacity and the Dependencies of Discourse develops a story thought of the pervasive use of incapacity as a tool of characterization in literature and movie. It argues that, whereas different marginalized identities have suffered cultural exclusion because of a dearth of pictures reflecting their event, the marginality of disabled humans has happened in the course of the perpetual movement of pictures of incapacity in print and visible media. The manuscript's six chapters supply comparative readings of key texts within the background of incapacity illustration, together with the tin soldier and lame Oedipus, Montaigne's "infinities of types" and Nietzsche's "higher men," the functionality historical past of Shakespeare's Richard III, Melville's Captain Ahab, the small city grotesques of Sherwood Anderson's Winesburg, Ohio and Katherine Dunn's self-induced freaks in Geek Love.David T. Mitchell is affiliate Professor of Literature and Cultural reports, Northern Michigan college. Sharon L. Snyder is Assistant Professor of movie and Literature, Northern Michigan college.
Examines political and fiscal swap in a couple of towns in Britain and the us and attempts to spot what could be learnt by way of the British from the yankee event.
Race for Empire deals a profound and not easy reinterpretation of nationalism, racism, and wartime mobilization through the Asia-Pacific conflict. In parallel case studies—of eastern american citizens mobilized to serve within the usa military and of Koreans recruited or drafted into the japanese military—T. Fujitani examines the U.S. and jap empires as they struggled to control racialized populations whereas waging overall struggle. Fujitani probes governmental regulations and analyzes representations of those soldiers—on movie, in literature, and in archival documents—to show how features of racism, nationalism, capitalism, gender politics, and the kinfolk replaced on either side. He demonstrates that the us and Japan grew to become more and more alike over the process the struggle, might be such a lot tellingly of their universal makes an attempt to disavow racism whilst they reproduced it in new methods and forms.
Reading in Asian Languages is wealthy with information regarding how literacy works within the non-alphabetic writing platforms (Chinese, eastern, Korean) utilized by 1000s of thousands of individuals and refutes the typical Western trust that such structures are challenging to benefit or to exploit. The participants percentage a entire view of interpreting as building of which means which they exhibit is absolutely appropriate to character-based examining.
The publication explains how and why non-alphabetic writing works good for its clients; offers causes for why it's not more tricky for kids to benefit than are alphabetic writing structures the place they're used; and demonstrates in a few ways in which there's a unmarried strategy of making feel of written language whatever the orthography. designated in its viewpoint and supplying functional theory-based technique for the instructing of literacy in chinese language, eastern, and Korean to first and moment language newbies, it's a resource for teachers of more and more renowned classes in those languages in North the USA in addition to for lecturers and researchers in Asia. it's going to stimulate innovation in either study and instruction.
Is belief fact? Editor Melanie Metzger investigates the cultural perceptions by way of and of deaf humans all over the world in Bilingualism and identification in Deaf groups quantity six of the Sociolinguistics sequence.
Download e-book for iPad: Deaf-Ability--Not Disability: A Guide for the Parents of by Wendy McCracken
Impressive webpage! I like it a lot! I'm looking forward to the next update : 2006/11/21 8:12:07 JST
Was last here roughly 15 years ago and had a wonderful experience. I am happy to report that it lived up to my high expectations. The bed is both comfortable and has several types of pillows to choose from. The front desk saved the day by having some outlet converters because I forgot to pack mine. There are great touches everywhere as well ... the soaps are wonderful, the towels nice and big, and the room had robes and slippers for me. Didn't use those, but was great to see them. Location-wise, the area has only gotten better since my last visit, with restaurants and patisseries on every corner and the beautiful Luxembourg gardens just blocks away.
The rooms are very small, but efficient. You cannot beat the location of the hotel or the professionalism and attitude of the staff at every level. Just outstanding. We would definitely stay there on our next visit to Paris, especially if we could get a larger accommodation.
Superb location and staff.Very nice bed and new bath.Public corridors are a little worn, but the overall experience was excellent
Our stay at Hotel Sainte-Beauve was far too short: we arrived late and left before breakfast for an early train from Montparnasse, a convenient, short walk away. Nevertheless, our experience was still very good! The service from Reception was second to none, taking care to advise us on when to leave in the morning and how to get where we needed to go. Our room was extremely comfortable, quiet, and well-appointed. We hope to return again soon with more time to properly enjoy the Hotel and the beautiful city of Paris.
My husband and I stayed at Hotel Sainte-Beuve for our honeymoon and were extremely pleased with the hotel staff and accommodations. We would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to friends and family traveling to Paris!
My wife and I had a very pleasant stay at the hotel. The room was comfortable and the lobby provide ample coffee and tea after 11 am.
Absolutely loved our stay in this hotel! In a beautiful part of Paris and the service was 5 star. The staff all spoke English well and were all very happy to answer any questions and give tips on traveling around Paris. After staying in other hotels around Europe, so far this hotel gave the most personalized experience. Thank you Hotel Sainte Beauve for a very pleasurable first time in Paris. When we return we will stay here again for sure!.
We had two rooms adjoining which was excellent for the three of us (2adults, 1child). The lift made it very easy to get to the third floor and the view of Rue Sainte-Beauve was beautiful. Very handy for the metro, restaurants and even a small supermarket close by. All the staff were very friendly and helped us with our queries, offering suggestions.
Paris, like London, is an expensive city. On our previous visits we have stayed in more expensive hotels, and in cheaper ones. If, and when, we return, however, we will certainly choose Hotel Sainte-Beuve. The location is truly sepctacular, and the hotel is remarkably easy to reach by Metro. I would have no hesitation in recomemending the Sainte-Beuve to my colleagues for comfort, convenience, and value for money.
A wonderful hotel. I always stay here. Terrific location near metros, restaurants, gardens, shops, but on a quiet street. Beautiful bathroom, even if the rooms are not large (no hotel rooms at this price are). Breakfast tray in your room is dreamy.
Un très bon accueil autant à la réservation par téléphone qu'à l'arrivée. Recherche de la satisfaction du client autant pour son confort que pour le guider dans la recherche de restaurants par exemple.
Six for Martial-Arts, because there wasn' much to show. However, the film-making is perfect, it has it's own style, the atmosphere is somehow postapocalyptic and all together it's simply masterpiece. Liked it very much!! One of my favourites...
Personally my favorite shot was the one where the camera moves with the fighters bouncing off the wall/walking against the wall (would be great to see a similar shot in the next "Challenge", with the Cam rolling the complete 180 degrees while the hunting fighter does a salto after walking against the wall, tries to place a footwork against the hunted, and gets blocked while spinning and rolling, all in one shot... eh, Johannes? come on...! ;)
My favorite part are the end credits - nice music, fast and straight-forward cutted, intelligent splitscreens, and some really cool - and fast! - VFX Making Ofs!
Director of Integrity Coaching, Author, Education Commentator for @Guardian, Ambassador @LShipMatters, School Leader Well-being Advocate #SLTchat #WomenEd
11-19 secondary school on edge of Cambridge. Inspired by Henry Morris vision and strives to be inclusive, international and inspirational.
Tim Small shares 7 things which school leadership teams need when they are trying to build collaboration & fulfil their school's vision from his experience
Do you feel you still have the same zest for being a head teacher as your very first day as a head teacher? Does your future as a head teacher excite you?
Sign up today to get your free copy of: Keeping our Heads: How to support, nurture and inspire healthy leaders within education
want more? are you interested in the full data analysis for this chat? Full transcript? Longer view at chat growth?
Email us today at research@iconohash.com or schedule a tour of our custom reports. We'll be happy to work with you. We can provide the raw data or custom reports on a scheduled basis. Full data analysis includes in-depth profile data, chat growth analysis, chat reach, influence reach, location profiles, and content profiles. Full reports are delivered via sharable web-based reports or beautiful PDFs, if you prefer to print and distribute.
Yes, it is possible to switch between multiple accounts on a single device. That means several people with different accounts can play on a single smartphone or tablet. To switch accounts you must first log out via “Account” in the Slotpark settings. Slotpark will then switch automatically to the game selection page (“Lobby”), where you can click on the “Register” button in the bottom-left corner. A window will open, displaying two ways of registering (Facebook and Email). If you wish to switch to an existing account, click on the option at the bottom “Just LOG IN” and then select Facebook or Email.
4. Here you’ll find the button to delete your account. Once you press it, the account will be permanently deleted, and the app will switch to a guest account.
Why Aerate water, Why should I Aerate my pond, How to aerate water, Low DO Dissolved Oxygen, Controlling Algae in ponds, Controllin weeds, Weed control, Water Clarity - Hydro Logic Products
Many ponds and lakes contain moderate to high amounts of nutrients (namely, phosphorus and nitrogen). Elevated nutrient levels can adversely impact fish, other aquatic organisms and water quality during the summer months. Too many nutrients in ponds and lakes can result in accelerated rates of eutrophication.
Eutrophication is a process whereby pond and lakes excessive nutrients that stimulate excessive plant growth (algae and aquatic plants). Dissolved oxygen concentrations can severely decline when large amounts of algae (algal bloom) and aquatic plants begin to decompose. In turn, very low dissolved oxygen concentrations can cause other aquatic organisms to die. Nutrients can come from many sources, such as fertilizers applied to agricultural fields, golf courses, suburban lawns, soil erosion, streambank erosion and sewage treatment plant discharges. The symptoms of eutrophication are:
Professional pond and lake manager have a number of scientifically proven tools to properly manage eutrophic water bodies. One of the most common tools in their toolbox are pond aerators. Pond aeration is the process of adding more air or more specifically, more dissolved oxygen into the water. Pond aerators are frequently implemented with other lake management restoration practices such as applying algaecides and aquatic herbicides to control nuisance quantities of algae and aquatic plants, respectively.
The two most common methods for aerating ponds and lakes are installing water fountains and diffused-air aeration systems. Of the two, diffused-air aeration systems are much more cost-effective and require far less maintenance. In many instances, water fountains will not completely circulate/mix ponds and lakes if their water depths exceed five feet. In addition water fountains are prone to clog if substantial amounts of filamentous algae are present.
Many pond and lake owners find water fountains very attractive as a water feature. For these individuals, Hydro Logic recommends installing both water fountains and diffused-air aeration systems. This is especially true when highly eutrophic pond or lake conditions exist. Overall, the water fountains will primarily serve as attractive water features, while the diffused-air aeration systems will be responsible for providing the bulk of the water mixing and aeration.
Diffused-air aeration systems like the Hydro Logic AirLift and AirLift XL series can significantly improve water quality and ecological health of ponds and lakes. Increased dissolved oxygen concentrations allow for decreased amounts of available nutrients throughout the water body. This translates into lower amounts of algae resulting in improved water clarity. Aeration also allows for less noxious, poisonous gases (methane and hydrogen sulfide) to be generated. The end result is healthier ponds and lakes for fish and all forms of aquatic life.
Here, Portraits Beyond the Binary is a series of environmental portraits of transgender, non-binary, agender, genderqueer, and other non-cisgender identities by photographer Tristan Crane. | Here
Here, Portraits Beyond the Binary is a series of environmental portraits of transgender, non-binary, agender, genderqueer, and other non-cisgender identities by photographer Tristan Crane.
This project is working to raise awareness of the tremendous diversity of background, expression, and life experience within our community by providing a platform for Trans and non-binary visibility and self description.
Here is a personal project and labor of love. If you would like to support, please consider supporting via Patreon. All funds go towards travel to additional shoot locations, to pay our web designer, costs for prints and exhibitions of this work, and to fund more in-depth video interviews and shoots with participants.
Tristan Crane is a queer photographer and artist living in Oakland California with a very fluffy cat and their partner of 10+ years, David. Tristan co-authored the underground queer comic series ‘How Loathsome’, with artist Ted Naifeh, and was the creator of ‘InVisible’, illustrated by Rhea Silvan.
Tristan currently works in the Bay Area as a photographer specializing in portraiture and queer weddings.
ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ ï¿½ï¿½ ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ - های ترجمه
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Website, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information, request for information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Website, used to notify consumers about updates to our Website or problems with their request and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you do not want to receive an e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above e-mail address or writing to us at the above postal address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
We do not make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to any other organizations or companies.
If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic catalogs from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to us at the above e-mail address or writing to us at the above postal address. Please provide us with your exact name and postal address. We will be sure your name will be removed from the mailings of this information.
In order to keep you informed of other products and manufacturers, we occasionally make our customer list available to other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by sending e-mail to us at the above e-mail address or writing to us at the above postal address. Please provide us with your exact name and postal address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
If you provide us with your telephone number or facsimile (FAX) number, you may receive telephone or FAX contact from us with information regarding your orders or requests for information. Please provide us with your correct phone numbers or FAX numbers so we can contact you when needed.
Auto World Sales is very concerned about the consumer's privacy and has provided this Privacy Policy statement to describe information that is collected and how collected information will be used. This Privacy Policy applies to all content found at this Auto World Sales Website. To view our Legal Statement click here.
Diana. p.s: i'm not a big fan of email ping pong for days. i like the old traditional way to meet people, that mean meeting face to face. perhaps i think meeting people, we can feel the chemistry, know if we like each other or can if feel comfortable or not...
Welcome to the Isnai-TEA blog! Have you ever wondered what all the fuss over tea is about? Well, here's your chance to find out! On this blog we're going to be exploring every nook and cranny of the wide world of tea, so buckle up and get ready for an Odyssey of Insani-TEA!
This article will be mostly about using tea as a tool for introspection and reflection, and about how much better tea tastes when the semester has finally ended!
I recently watched in a mixture of pleasure and discomfort as several of my comrades and associates in college marched across the stage, and received a college diploma. I didn't know whether to be sad that they were leaving, or happy that they were being successful and productive members of society. I resolved to feel a little bit of both.
Jasmine tea has a long-lived reputation of promoting introspection and reflective moments. So when I returned home from the commencement ceremony, I sat down in front of my french press, and prepared an infusion of Jasmine, Silver Needle (A mild form of white tea, so as not to take away from the Jasmine), and a bit of rose hip. I went through the usual routine of watching the water boil (I always do this, even though superstitious folk will tell you a watched pot will never boil), pouring into the press, and watching the herbs swirl around as they impart of their flavour and colour to the water around them.
I poured myself a particularly large serving (16 ounces, where I usually drink 6-8), and sat down to ponder. I pondered about how next term would be different with some of my favorite friends missing. I pondered about how potential new friends would likely come into my life, not to replace the old ones, but to make life for fun and interesting in their absence. I pondered about what sorts of grades I would be receiving, hoping for the best. And then I had a realization: I realized that no matter how much I pondered, wondered, or hypothesized about the situation at hand, it would largely be the case that nothing would change on the basis of that alone.
As I sat in introspection, I began to think that, while it is appropriate to miss friends who have moved on, it is perhaps more appropriate to live not in the past, but in the current moment, realizing that each moment I spend not making the most of whatever situation is at hand is a moment poorly spent. Rationality over emotion. While I won't discount the value of introspection and emotional adaptation, I definitely further promote the value of rationality over these things, and attempt to proport the most logical and reasonable alternative.
As the sweet aroma of the Jasmine teased my senses, I resolved to pursue the rational alternative that is to live my life as if I were to see my missed friends tomorrow. As if they hadn't actually left at all. And while there might be some semantic differences, it would largely be the case that life would continue as it had before.
Tea tastes so much better when you don't have schoolwork to do - When you don't have these lingering nags that you really should be doing something other than drinking tea. Like writing an essay, or studying for a test, or preparing a poster. Instead, the opportunity arises to sip your tea, and simply enjoy it. To revel in the moment, and allow yourself to relax and unfold completely, without any lingering worries about forgotten duties. What sweet joy.
Sorry of this post is more of a personal one than a topic-focused one, but I think you'll enjoy it anyway.
Thank you for your comment. :) Yes, Jasmine tea is a rather mild one with some subtle flavor characteristics. In my opinion, this is part of what makes it so enlightening.
Despite a disparate approach to shopping, Lady Nini is adamant that the key to mixing vintage with new season pieces is to stick to key looks and colours that work for oneself. Beauty is the most important thing to her, as well as feeling sexy, feminine and confortable. Sparkles and diamonds are a passion and make part of her lifestyle. More than being fashionable, it’s a way of thinking and seeing the world with the joy, fun and enthusiasm that she brings into her everyday life. And this is a theory that she works into her writing. Fashion is a fantasy to be lived!
"I realized that when it comes to getting dressed, men are a little bit more important than handbags but less important than shoes. At any rate, we are merely accessories." - Ashton Kutcher
M en’s fashion trends are greatly different to women’s. They exist, yes. But their cycle moves much slower. Nowhere is that truer then of ...
Beautifully shaped eyebrows act as a frame to set off your eyes, just as your hairstyle sets off your face and a picture frame sets off a be...
The spring/summer 2011 collections were defined by the Orient: accentuate your waist with the season's most exotic accessory, the obi be...
Bar Refaeli has revealed the secret of her enviable figure - and unsurprisingly there are no shortcuts to her look.
Tomorrow, by this time, I will already be enjoying my beach holidays. Laying down on the beach, trying to get the so desired tan that I'...
The outlook for the High Street just got a little brighter: following a triumphant return to form for the Italian house at Milan Fashion W...
Hot and sexy Israeli model Bar Refaeli hit the red carpet for “The Beaver” premiere at the Palais des Festivals during the 64th Cannes F...
Like mother, like daughter! The Young Versace spring/summer 2012 campaign features 10-year old Kaia Gerber, the daughter of Cindy Crawford...
V Magazine’s “The Model Issue” would hardly be complete without a few beauties of Victoria’s Secret fame spreading their wings within its p...
The Royal Wedding is almost here and everyone talks about it. You're probably expecting me to do the same but I won't! Instead we wo...
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies and accept our data policy. More information
The Team Name is The Villages Vintage Car Club, walking for Carolyn Ferlisi and Club members who have a friend or Loved one who dealt with or has MS.
Walk to raise funds for finding a cure for MS. You can walk, donate, or show your car. To walk arrive between 8 and 9 AM. Walk starts at 9AM.
If you show your car, it must be in place before 8:00 AM and a group picture will be taken. Also Coffee, Bagels, and Muffins.
Car Show is from 5:00 to 7:00 pm at the Sonic Drive In. There is room for 15 cars. Call Alex to get on list. 352-751-5370
Club members, Remember the Cruise-In, Saturday. Meet in the parking lot south of the square prior to 2:00PM. Cars must be 1980 older. Must present the Villages I.D. As always no 4-sale … Continue reading Spanish Springs Car Show →
In the spirit of transparency, I wanted to personally inform you of an issue that may potentially involve your account information at Ukulele Underground, UU+, UU Marketplace, UU forums, UU affiliates, and Islandmusicnetwork.com members.
On August 3rd we noticed some issues with the server, specifically on the public UU forums. On August 9th, I discovered evidence of an attack and unauthorized access to data on our servers and in our databases. The attack was primarily focused on the UU forums, but the attack may have gained access to other services we provide as well including UU+, the UU Marketplace, and Island Music Network.
The information that may potentially have been accessed includes, Names, email addresses, and hashed passwords, private messages sent through the UU forum, ip Addresses.
NO credit card information for UU+, Marketplace, or the UU Forum was accessed as all transactions are processed securely via a 3rd party. We do not store credit card information on our servers.
Once we became aware of the attack, I searched for and removed the malicious code from the website. I contacted the security services we employ for our servers to run multiple anti-virus, anti-malware scans of our servers. All of which came back clean.
A vulnerability of our sites was that we were hosting multiple applications on a single server. We now have separated the applications to their own respective installations and any potential future attacks will be siloed and not affect other services we provide.
2. If you used your Ukulele Underground Account password for other services, change those passwords as well. (I recommend using a password manager to create unique passwords for every service you use online). If you already use a unique password for all online services, you are fine just changing your UU passwords.
I sincerely apologize that this incident occurred and I know how stressful it can be to receive an email like this.
If you have any concerns or questions, you may email us directly at questions[AT]ukuleleunderground.com and we will do our best to answer any and all of your questions.
This board is 100% Arduino compatible including all the quirks of the Arduino form factor and will connect with any Android phone with the new 'accessory mode' firmware.
<i><font color="green">Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new</font id="green"></i>
There's a certain kind of style attached to this movie. It's the small details that make this clip a real piece of art. 100% Ulrik.
really nice style and lovely locations (hmm, wellknown from "challenge - the last apprentice", or?) - also I agree with Johannes: Using almost half the time for opening credits is great!
I like to see more Flatcoin-Productions on German-Kungfu, maybe next time even with some kind of story - then I will love it!!
I just like you style, Ulrik. Best part is definetly the beginning. Using almost half of the time for the opening credits is adorable. Fighting is good, but the picture could have used some more. So I am still waiting for the day, when Flatcoin Productions will appear on the big screen and takes care of that little Hollywood-thing once and for all.
We had a lovely stay at the hotel and found that the staff were most pleasant and helpful with any enquiry that we had. Our room was cleaned every day satisfactorily and though we never had chance to use the free coffee and tea service it was most appreciated to be available. Thank you for our welcome drink of champagne. I am sorry that our stay in Paris was so short that we didn't have an opportunity to enjoy the lounge and facilities of the hotel a little more. Although I booked in for three nights bed and breakfast, I didn't have the opportunity to take the full breakfast on the last morning as we had an early departure at 7am. My partner arranged with the manager that I could be refunded the 32 euros for the unused breakfasts and that tea and cake would be served to us this morning free of charge. Yes, we got the tea and cake - thank you, but the night manager said I couldn't be refunded for the unused breakfast, so I am a little disappointed that one person promised one thing and then refused by another. Maybe you could look into this again and refund my card, which would be appreciated. Overall, many thanks for making our stay in Paris pleasant.
We love the area, accommodation roomy (for Paris) and the service excellent. The staff at the front desk could not have been more helpful. We were more than satisfied with their assistance.
Great little hotel in an excellent area of Paris. Highly recommended. Very friendly and helpful staff. Went out of their way to help out with all of our needs.
We want to thank for the slippers and the dressing gowns, beatifull, charming interior, elegant breakfast room. It was refreshing design. Bed very good, environment silent. Room temperature was nice. The shoe cleansing cloth was good and the soap for hands was also good. We got helping hand. Thank you for all!
I have stayed numerous times at the hotel and its excellent every time. The atmosphere is great, the welcome is always warm and the location is very good too. I like that is a small and boutique hotel and would choose this style of hotel over any of the large corporate chains. I will return!
Everything was wonderful, I will definitely be back. Great customer service, my honey and I loved the bed and the champagne.
HotelNewsOur commitment to sustainabilityWhy stay at the Sainte-Beuve?Our district: Paris Rive GaucheGold BookGallery
The present downloadable teaching material is a great resource for high school students and elementary school students at Beginner (pre-A1) level. It is valuable for practising Modals in English, and is excellent for developing your learners' Reading and Writing skills. It centers around the topic and words of Body.
Copyright License: This file is licensed by pamelaarraras under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License
pamelaarraras is from/lives in Argentina and has been a member of iSLCollective since 2012-09-20 21:30:24. pamelaarraras last logged in on 2017-07-06 22:12:38, and has shared 2 resources on iSLCollective so far.
2 In less formal writing or speech, the past historic, past anterior, imperfect subjunctive and pluperfect subjunctive tenses may be found to have been replaced with the indicative present perfect, indicative pluperfect, present subjunctive and past subjunctive tenses respectively (Christopher Kendris [1995], Master the Basics: French, pp. 77, 78, 79, 81).
“abominer” in le Trésor de la langue française informatisé (The Digitized Treasury of the French Language).
Dr Tahir ul-Qadri, from Pakistan, says his 600-page judgement, known as a fatwa, completely dismantles al-Qaeda's violent ideology.
The scholar describes al-Qaeda as an "old evil with a new name" which has not been sufficiently challenged.
The scholar's movement is growing in the UK and has attracted the interest of policymakers and security chiefs.
In his religious ruling, Dr Qadri says that Islam forbids the massacre of innocent citizens and suicide bombings.
Although many scholars have made similar rulings in the past, Dr Qadri's followers argue that the massive document being launched in London goes much further.
They say it sets out point-by-point theological arguments against the rhetoric used by al-Qaeda inspired recruiters.
The fatwa also challenges the religious motivations of would-be suicide bombers who are inspired by promises of an afterlife.
The populist scholar developed his document last year as a response to the increase in bombings across Pakistan by militants.
The basic text has been extended to 600 pages to cover global issues, in an attempt to get its theological arguments taken up by Muslims in western nations. It will be promoted in the UK by Dr Qadri's organisation, Minhaj ul-Quran International.
"Extremist groups based in Britain recruit the youth by brainwashing them that they will 'with certainty' be rewarded in the next life.
Scholars from across the UK came together in the wake of the 7 July London attacks to denounce the bombers and urge communities to root out extremists.
But some scholarly rulings in the Middle East have argued that the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians is an exceptional situation where "martyrdom" attacks can be justified.
Although Dr Qadri has a large following in Pakistan, Minhaj ul-Quran International remained largely unknown in the UK until relatively recently.
It now has 10 mosques in the British cities with significant Muslim communities and says it is targeting younger generations it believes have been let down by traditional leaders.
The organisation is attracting the attention of policymakers and security chiefs who are continuing to look for allies in the fight against extremists.
The Department for Communities, which runs most of the government's "Preventing Violent Extremism" strategy, has tried building bridges with a variety of liberal-minded groups, but often found that they have limited actual influence at the grassroots.
Vice-president of Heydar Aliyev Foundation Leyla Aliyeva attends lecture of recognized Indian yogi and mystic Sadhguru (PHOTO)
Visited this place as part of an organized wine tour. From the three wineries we visited at the... read more
Cava d'Onice is a very small winery located within a walking distance from Montalcino. We had a... read more
Visited this place as part of an organized wine tour. From the three wineries we visited at the end of April 2018, Cava D'Onice was the highlight of the day. Simone, the owner and his wife opened his house for us and greeted the group...More
Cava d'Onice is a very small winery located within a walking distance from Montalcino. We had a very detailed tour during which we learned lots of new things not only regarding Brunello production, but also interesting facts about the history of the winery itself, all...More
My sister and I visited the winery and enjoyed meeting the owner and his wife and son. We tasted 3 wines and loved the Brunello and bought one to have at dinner that night.
We were lucky enough to visit this winery during our wine tour as we would not have discovered it ourselves given how small it is. Very friendly staff who are clearly passionate, knowledgeable and welcoming, quite happy to engage with you whilst tasting their award...More
We visited Cava d'Onice 2 years ago with a tour group on an anniversary trip to Tuscany. We enjoyed the wines so much that we sought them out again on our next trip to the area. We were not disappointed! What a wonderful and welcoming...More
We visited the Cava D'Onice winery as part of a larger tour of the Montalcino growing region. It is a small, family-run winery with a lot of charm and fantastic views of Montalcino and the surrounding valley. We had an amazing time chatting with the...More
* TripAdvisor LLC is not a booking agent and does not charge any service fees to users of our site... (more)
TripAdvisor LLC is not responsible for content on external web sites. Taxes, fees not included for deals content.
Pulse chiles with broth in a food processor until a thick paste is formed. Set aside a small amount from the rest.
Brush salmon filets on all sides with chile mixture. Sprinkle liberally with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and discard chile mixture used to brush it.
Heat oil in a large nonstick pan over medium heat. Place salmon filets and cook, skin side up, 1 1/2 minutes.
Turn on one of the smaller sides and cook 1 minute. Flip onto one of the bigger sides and cook 1 1/2 minutes.
Remove to a plate and brush all sides liberally with chile mixture. Cover with foil and let rest 5 minutes before serving with clean chile sauce.
Retrieved from "https://en.wikibooks.org/w/index.php?title=Cookbook:Jalapeno_Glazed_Seared_Salmon&oldid=1736934"
Saturday — Be that as it may, our weekend was a rather pleasant blend of sun and rain, visiting and wine. Gerry and Maria treated us to dinner at a nearby restaurant called Theobalds (http://www.theobaldsrestaurant.co.uk/index.htm).
The atmosphere was comfy, the people welcoming, the service friendly and efficient and the food . . . well, the food was excellent. We shared their 4 or 5 Course Tasting Menu:
Mousseline of Norfolk Lobster served in a Lobster served in a Crisp Pastry Case with a Buttered White Wine Sauce ✓
Following the meal, I helped Di outside to have her smoke. There we had an interesting conversation with a British couple and discussed a bit of politics, the Brexit and the husband’s desire to travel in the United States (spec. Route 66) on a motorcycle.
Having done so myself years ago, I advised him to do it with a MC club or tour group and wished him luck and a good deal of fun.
Monday — We went to the local post office where Di intended to purchase some Euros for use on Corfu with her Barclays card. Unfortunately, she forgot her PIN and we will have to go to a bank branch Tuesday and straighten things out.
Lunch/Dinner was a lamb and sausage barbecue with Gerry’s brother and his wife joining us — a very enjoyable meal and afternoon — even if I had to spend most of the rest of the daylight hours dealing with the too early beer and wine.
Well, Gerry’s just popped in and turned on the telly to watch the Euro match between England and Iceland — so, that’s all for today. (Iceland beat England in a very poor showing for the English side.)
Di wants to get some money (Euros and Sterling) before we fly to Corfu on Thursday. So on Tuesday Gerry drives us in to Diss to get some money from her Barclays accounts. There’s a bit in one of the accounts but draws little to no interest; it’s just to make it a bit easier when visiting family in England.
Of course, Di doesn’t know what the PIN number is on the card she actually brought over from the States . . . so, she can’t access her account from an ATM. Gerry drops us off at the bank about a bit after two but can’t wait around for the adventure this turns out to be. With complications arising from having residence in the US we are in the bank until about 4:30 pm, but she did get her money. The young banker who has been helping us orders us a cab, but it will not pick us up until six. No, there is no taxi stand and all of the cars from the four companies serving the area were spoken for.
Provide your complete address with proper Pin code number to get Faster and Hassel Free Delivery on time.
Greetings to all HERODOT members. Welcome to the Network's fourth newsletter of 2004. This issue provides you with further information on the HERODOT events in the third year of the project. This issue also has some more European funding news and events and links to more useful Web resources. Becoming a member is easy and FREE - visit the HERODOT Home Page.
If you have any news, are involved in events or are prepared to promote the network, then contact Karl Donert.
HERODOT has successfully been awarded a full grant to organise activiies and workplan for 2004/2005. The priorities will be to publish state-of-the-art information, to run woirkshops and conferences and to develop a new three-year plan for 2005-2008. A small group met to brainstorm future initiatives in Utrecht, Netherlands in October 2004.
HERODOT has applied for further funding from the European Commission for the year 2005/8 and we await the decision of the first round of bidding. if you would like to be involved in organising events or participating in the new programme then please contact Karl Donert.
HERODOT members have been involved in a number of other successful funding applications in 2003/4 and new projects are emerging in 2004/5. These include the development of Intensive Programmes of study, curriculum development (undergraduate and Masters level) and Minerva (Open and Distance Learning) as well as eLearning and Leonardo da Vinci (professional training) projects. A funding workshop is planned for Spring 2005.
HERODOT has linked with the Thematic Network EEGECS (for higher education departments of Geodetics, Cartogaphy and Surveying). This network has submitted an successful application under the ALPHA Programme to link universities in Europe with those in Latin America. Karl Donert presented the HERODOT Network to the meeting of EEGECS in Valencia in February 2004. If you are interested in joining EEGECS, contact: eegecs@upvnet.upv.es
HERODOT has linked with the Comenius Network RIAC (Regional Identity and Active Citizenship). Karl Donert spoke at the network meeting of RIAC at Nottingham University in December 2003 and more recently in Malta in November 2004. This network is based on activities in school education and orginates from several successful Comenius projects. HERODOT and RIAC are plan ning a joint event in Malta in November 2004. If you would like to know more about RIAC or to be involved, email: riac@tsn.at
HERODOT has linked with the Network EuroCuLT which is based on activities and European Cultures Today, if you are interested in being involved, contact Vytautas V.Sirtautas, Klaipeda University, email: vytasir@takas.lt
HERODOT has linked with the Network ERIC which is based on European Cultures and specifically Mapping European Cultures. If you are interested in joining this network then contact Vytautas V.Sirtautas, Klaipeda University, email: vytasir@takas.lt
INLT stands for International Network for Learning and Teaching Geography in Higher Education. It was established at the AAG conference in Hawaii in 1999. Papers were published in JGHE July 2000. There is a listserv and a twic yearly Newsletter. Members of HERODOT, who have not already done so, should join. It is free. HERODOT members participated at the INLT seminar and worshop in Glasgow, August 2004. A series of publications have been completed and sub,miutted for review and publication in the Journal of Geography in Higher Education. See http://www.glos.ac.uk/gdn
The HERODOT Network now stands at 135 partners, including 18 geography related organisations, representing 29 countries within Europe and three countries beyond.
The Network is urgently looking to expand its links internationally and to incorporate non-higher edication organisations such as companies, publishers and businesses. Please ask any new potential partners to contact Karl Donert for memberships forms. An expansion form has been e-mailed to all partners and there is also a copy available on the web site. Link here to go to the HERODOT Web site.
This section provides up-to-date information on funds available. You can contact Karl Donert if you want informal advice on any applications you are considering. HERODOT News aims to provide members will useful information concerning opportunities to access European Commission and other funds to further collaboration and for projects. A funding workshop is planned in Spring 2005, contact Karl Donert if you would like to participate.
The actions are as follows: Comenius (schools), Erasmus (higher education), Grundtvig (adults), Lingua (languages), Minerva (Open and Distance Learning). Contact Karl Donert if you want informal advice on any applications you are considering.
Other opportuntiies will include Observation and Innovation in Education Systems and Policies, Joint Actions and Accompanying Measures.
The Call for Proposals 2005 and the Socrates Guide for Applicants (pdf) should be read in conjunction with one another. Together they contain all the information needed in order to apply for Socrates grants.
Fellowships will be directed at European organisations (universities, research centres, enterprises, etc.) in need of developing new areas of competence, as well as at furthering the development of research capabilities in the less-favoured regions of the EU and in the Associated Candidate Countries.
EU Partnership for Peace, theEuropean Commission is seeking proposals for activities and initiatives that support the Middle East Peace process with financial assistance from the Middle East Peace Projects (MEPP) 2004 programme of the European Communities. Call is managed by the EC delegations at West Bank & Gaza, Israel, and Jordan, Deadline January 26 2005, Financed actions:
Tempus provides project funds for working with Eastern Europe and MEDA (Mediterranean) countries like Egypt, Palestine etc. next deadline is 15 October. Guide and forms available from http://www.etf.eu.int/tempus/
Mountains will be museums and geological gems could form galleries, with the help of new technology recently launched. Two Scottish visitor centres are seeking funds to introduce satellite handsets to transform the countryside into an unrivalled tourist attraction. The first steps will be to create the first "mountain museum" at the mystical Schiehallion mountain, and to provide a running commentary on gold-panning during outdoor tours in Helmsdale. Read the full article at: http://www.sundayherald.com/45566
FOR.COM Inter-University Consortium - Training for Communication - is a public non-profit university network of twenty universities involved in Open and Distance Learning solutions. FOR.COM Consortium has recently started a new research experience in the eLearning field called MENTOR- Monitoring E-learning iNitiatives Through an ObservatoRy.
The MENTOR Observatory intends to offer an effective and reliable source of information for Distance Learning professionals, learning Institutions (such as public or private universities), but also for eLearning students and all European citizens living in the contemporary Knowledge Society.
MENTOR Observatory web portal (http://www.forcom.it/MENTOR/index.htm) is the centre of its communication activities and the virtual space where MENTOR virtual community of researchers and students from all over Europe will be able to meet and share experiences, best practices and solutions.
The general approach chosen by MENTOR Observatory staff is to emphasize the importance of co-operation, collaboration and mutual support to engender high quality research, study, evaluation and observation.
They invite all researchers, students and professionals in the eLearning field to visit their web site, to subscribe to the newsletter and to take part actively to the virtual community. For further information, contact mentor@forcom.it
EGEA is the European Geograophy student organisation coordinated from Utrecht University (http://egea.geog.uu.nl/discover.php). They run regular congresses and support students in getting funds from the EC Youth Action to travel. Karl donert, coordinator of HERODOT introduced the work of HERODOT at their last conference in southern Holland, attended by almost 200 students from over 30 countries. The Western region branch of EGEA will organise a congress in the forested mountains of the "Hunsrueck", from February the 28th until March the 4th 2005. Geography students from western parts of Europe can participate, only 60 euro for accomodation, food and some drinks! Contact the local organiser egea@geog.gla.ac.uk, congress details http://www.trier2005.tk/ Encourage your students to join!!
iEARN is a non-profit that empowers teachers and students to undertake projects designed to make a meaningful contribution to the health and welfare of the planet and its people. Started in 1988, iEARN is currently active in over 110 countries, with 1,000,000 students participating as part of their educational process. http://www.iearn.org
A core part of the eLearning programme launched by the European Commission early this year is the e-Twinning action. This new initiative will also be supported by a network of National Support Services with the objective to strengthen and develop networking among schools. All young Europeans, during their time at secondary school, should have the opportunity to participate, together with their teachers, in an educational project with their counterparts in other European countries. This experience could prove to be decisive in fostering a European dimension in education and awareness among young people of the European model of a multilingual and multicultural society. Internet-based learning communities will contribute to improving intercultural dialogue and mutual understanding. The e-Twinning of schools will also help update teachers' and trainers' professional skills in the pedagogical and collaborative use of ICT.
The myEUROPE site rests on a network of almost 3000 schools situated in all EU countries. Their web site has a set of very interesting activities
The European Commission and the European Space Agency (ESA) are teaming up for this nine day event on 12-20 February 2005. The week aims to show how Earth observation and Space activities improve the quality of life on our planet. Over the nine days, Earth & Space Week will offer cultural, recreational and educational activities and a major public exposition, all taking place in and around the heart of the European Union capital, Brussels, Belgium.
Schools can take part in a competition in the run-up to Earth & Space Week, organised by European Schoolnet. Pupils aged 5-19 years old are invited to contribute designs for a Flag for Planet Earth, linked to the theme of Earth and Space. The competition will be launched in the coming weeks. To be notified of the launch, join the mailing list by contacting chris.coakley@eun.org.
Watershed Web, A new project developing tools to build a more sustainable world. All are invited to participate:at http://WatershedWeb.net
European Regions Day is celebrated in October each year to familiarise European citizens with regional European information. Xavier Tudela, the President of the European Region of the Year Organisation, stated; "This day is intended to be a new inter-European vehicle of integration which will show the regional truths of the European continent to the 46 member countries of the Council of Europe. The European Region of the Year Organisation is based in Barcelona and was founded in 2001 to highlight two European regions each year by promoting their activities to the other regions of Europe.
Two European regions were chosen for 2004, Madeira, (Portugal) and the German Speaking Community (Belgium.) In 2005 Piedmont (Italy) and Kiev (Ukraine) will be highlighted. In 2006 Vojvodina (Serbia and Montenegro) and Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina). The initiative was started in Karelia (Russia) and Balearic Islands (Spain) in 2003. For more information: http://www.tery.org
Alpmedia: articles published here in French, German, Italian, Slovenian and sometimes English. visit http://www.alpmedia.net.
Kinship Conservation Institute (KCI) will invite 18 conservationists to participate in a month-long, paid fellowship in Bozeman, Montana, from May 31 to June 30, 2005. KCI is a rare, paid training opportunity for you to spend a month focusing on one environmental problem that your organization needs to resolve and come up with a market-based solution.
The application deadline is Feb. 1, 2005. The paid fellowship includes a $4,500 stipend, lodging and meals. You will be required to submit the following in an acceptable format for the on-line application
For more information and to apply on-line, visit their Web site at http://www.kinshipconservationinstitute.org - top
Mountain Forum's on-line library can be visited at http://www.mtnforum.org, includes Dax, T. 2002. Research on mountain development in Europe, Overview of issues and priorities. Thessaloniki seminar, 17-18 March 2002. Innovative Structures for the Sustainable Development of Mountainous Areas, ISDEMA Project.
The All-European Study gives a systematic description of Education for Democratic Citizenship (EDC) policies in the Council of Europe member states. Research was conducted in 2002 at national level, involving national EDC co-ordinators, practitioners and other stakeholders. In 2003 a group of experts produced five regional studies that were submitted for consultation to national authorities in member states with a final feedback given at the EDC Policy Seminar held in Strasbourg in September of the same year. The study contains recommendations and examples of good practice in EDC policy implementation. The recommendations could be particularly useful as providing ground for bridging the gap between policy and practice.
Exploring the Environment site on Problem based learning, debates and Problem Solving Strategies It develops both problem solving strategies and skills by placing students in the active role of problem solvers http://www.cotf.edu/ete/teacher/teacherout.html up - top
Sustainable Deveopment online library, a major online library of civil society documents that were produced in relation to the World Summit On Sustainable Development is launched. The libarary contains approximately 700 MB worth of documents. It is fully searchable. Each document is linked to the organisation that produced it, which can then be contacted for further information. You can access the documents at http://www.wssd-and-civil-society.org
The HERODOT Web site has copy and links on Bologna, an explanation of the Declaration can be found at:
An article by Prof. Graham Gaie (University of Glasgow) may be of interest to UK colleagues, "The Bolgna Declaration - Does it concern UK Universities?
More than 1100 schools and colleges have registered so far and Spring Day is gathering momentum over the next weeks. Tell schools about the event so they can be part of the huge Spring Day network supported by Spring teachers, local and national authorities, members of Parliament, etc. Register at the Spring Day Web site http://futurum2005.eun.org
Teacher training grants The Geographical Association present awards to attend their Annual conference in the UK (normally in April) If you are interested in applying for one of these, then contact Tony Binns, chair of the GA International Committee.
Geography in Higher Education (INLT) Newsletter is now available on the Web at http://www.glos.ac.uk/gdn/inlt/issue7.htm. Contents include:
From 4 May 04 to 4 May 05 the cultural year focuses on cultural issues from the ten new member countries of the EU. Western Europeans are invited to discover the wealth of the accession countries through dance, art, music, theatre, dialogues, entertainment and discussions. This initiative is funded by the German government and it aims at enhancing cultural awareness and overcoming mental blocks.
12 - 15 January 2005, BETT Exhibition, technology and education, free event at Olympia London, register at http://www.bettshow.com
13 -14 January 2005, Enterprise, Skills & Entrepreneurship: Enhancing the GEES Curriculum Event, Leeds, UK
27-28 January 2005, Enhancing Student Employability: Higher Education and Workforce Development - 9th Quality in Higher Education International Seminar, Birmingham, UK
21-23 February 2005, Web-based Education 2005 - The 4th International Association of Science and Technology for Development (IASTED) International Conference on Web-based Education, Grindelwald, Switzerland
17-20 March 2005, Courage, Imagination, Action: Rallying the Trendsetters in Higher Education - The American Association of Higher Education (AAHE) National Conference, Georgia, USA
31 March 2005 The Transition from School to University,Joint GA and JGHE event at the GA Annual Conference (30 March - 1 April), University of Derby, For further information, contact: :Paul.McDermott@northampton.ac.uk
5-9 April 2005, AAG, Annual Meeting of the Association of American Geographers, Denver, Colorado, USA
11 April 2005, Enhancing Student Success: the role of integrated support services Conference 2005, University of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia
30 May - 2 June 2005, GISPlanet, II conference and exhibition on geographic information, Lisbon, http://www.gisplanet.org/
30 May- 4 June 2005, CSCL Computer-supported Collaborative Learning 2005: The Next 10 Years!, Taipei, Taiwan
14 - 17 June 14 - 17, 2005, World Conference on Cooperative Education, debate and discuss the future of the educational phenomenon that is revolutionising the way we develop the global workforce of the 21st century -- work-integrated learning (WIL). Location, Northeastern University, Boston, USA. http://www.wace2005.neu.edu
20-23 June 2005, EDEN: Annual Conference for the European Distance and E-learning Network, Helsinki, Finland
23-26 June 2005, What a Difference a Pedagogy Makes: Researching Lifelong Learning & Teaching - Centre for Research in Lifelong Learning (CRLL) 3rd International Conference, University of Stirling, UK
June 2005 Green Week : Green Week 2004 intends to bring people together to debate, as a follow-up to the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg on key environmental issues of sustainable consumption and production, renewable energy and climate change and water. You can now register on-line at
2-6 July 2005, Higher Education in a Changing World - Higher Education Research and Development Society of Australasia (HERDSA) Conference 2005, University of Sydney, Australia
2-6 July 2005, CBLIS 2005 - The 7th International Conference, Zilina, Slovakia, on Computer Based Learning in Science. More information about the conference with online registration form is available on the web site: http://cblis.utc.sk/
10-13 July 2005, Internationalising Entrepreneurship Education and Training Conference - 15th IntEnt Conference, University of Surrey, UK
30 July - 8 August 2005, 3rd World Youth Congress, Scotland. Theme "Young People working together for a sustainable world community". All applicants must be 18-25 years old on July 30, 2005 and will fall under four categories: Activists, Performers/Artists, and Young Journalists. For further details and an application form visit http://www.scotland2005.org
2 -5 September 2005 HERODOT International Conference to be held in Torun, Poland. FREE for HERODOT members. Registration Form click here (.rtf)
Please send completed initial registration forms by 20th February 2005 together with your proposed presentation title by e-mail to: pecha@geo.uni.torun.pl. Further information
October 2005, Festival of Geography at Saint-Die-des-Vosges,France. Included is Cafe Geography, exhibitions, round tables, and a special invited country To find out more visit http://www.ville-saintdie.fr or http://fig-st-die.education.fr
Upcoming conferences in the area of Education and Technology in Europe. Events listed chronologically at http://www.eun.org/events
If you have any news, are involved in events or are prepared to promote the network, then contact Karl Donert. up - top
I can see my class in the administration area but not in the lessons... : Primary PE Passport Help Desk
If your class are in the administration area then they will be able to be access for the lessons. Check that the class are assigned to the correct year group by looking at a child in your class and scrolling down to see the year group. Once confirmed check the class name as this is where your class are grouped (this can be changed), go into the long term planning screen and select a unit from your year group. In the top right hand corner there will be a class name in red, press this and then change it to your class. This will associate your class with this unit and allow you to assess and evidence accordingly.
Abel, I set up stripe and when one of my clients tried to use it they received this error; Stripe_APIError thrown stripe no longer supports API request made with TLS 1.0. Please institute HTTPS connections...
When we select the tickets and click on refresh amount, it only shows "0". Please see how to resolve this.
I am getting a paypal error when i go through registration of a new event I recently put up. A have other events live that are working fine, however, this is a "free event" with a surcharge. I didn&...
I have a waitlist configured for an event and once the event is full, I am displayed the option to be added to the waitlist but when the link is selected, a single box appears and no data can be entered into th...
Hi Abel, I can rearrange the payment options on the event page, but the next time the event is opened in the backend, they have reverted back to alphabetically displaying. Any way to make the order stick?
Hi, just a quick hint and something that probably got overlooked since it works perfectly fine in the front-end cart. In the backend when editing a registration and having at least two events chosen and a...
I can't seem to get the Max discount code =1 to make the code available to one attendee, for one purchase. If he comes back another day to make another purchase he can use the code a second time.
I am using the popup cart. When I click on the checkout button which is this address: /event/testy-mc-test-event/?epl_action=show_cart The only thing that happens is a blank page with a "0" on...
Evolution/History of PES Games Pro Evolution Soccer from 2001 to 2018. Pro Evolution Soccer is a series of football video games developed and published by Konami.
"I sometimes imagine Caracas as a living breathing animal. Obscured by the darkness it appears both violent and sensual, but perhaps it's true nature will only be revealed at the moment it devours me." - Christopher Anderson
TweakUpdates.com maintains a database of all packages in the main Cydia repositories for Jailbroken iOS devices. This site is not affiliated with Cydia or endorsed by Jay Freeman (saurik). Like what I do? Donate to the EFF, reputable charity or thank me on Twitter. Please address questions, comments, thoughts here. Ratings are for the liftime of the package, however you may rate once per version.
A commercial bank in the Caribbean (Lender) has engaged K&M to provide technical and commercial due diligence services for the NiQuan Energy Trinidad Limited Gas to Liquids (GTL) project. Led by K&M’s Managing Director of Transaction Services Derek Martin, the K&M team will assist the Lender by assessing the partially constructed project, identifying its major […]
This Wednesday Mr. Alfonso Guzman, President of K&M, participated in a joint United States-Mexico government working group on LNG Import/Export terminals. Mr. Guzman presented insights in closed-door discussions on technical, commercial and financial factors in LNG Import/Export terminal development in Central America. Other participants included 25 energy sector representatives from seven Central American countries, including […]
True to its mantra of advising clients based on first-hand experience in project development and operation, K&M is delighted to welcome back Mr. Ivan Garcia. Mr. Garcia is joining K&M as Director of Technical Services. Mr. Garcia worked on Termovalle (a 205MW combined cycle gas plant in Colombia developed by KMR Power–K&M’s previous IPP development […]
Kenya Tea Development Agency Power (KTDA) has received a USTDA grant to fund a feasibility study to be carried out by K&M. K&M’s feasibility study will explore the viability of solar power and energy storage at KTDA’s planned tea factories. With the high cost of power in Kenya, incorporating solar will likely reduce factory operating […]
©2018 K&M Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved. For more information, please visit the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. K&M is a Dorado Group Company.
Hartmann Rink is a 501(c)3 volunteer organization whose mission is to make inline hockey available to anyone of any age or gender in Boulder County.
If you have any questions about our league or the location of the rink please send your request to info@inlinerink.com.
We are located at 4800 28th North Street in Boulder, Colorado (at Gateway Fun Park)—click here to see a map.
All skill levels are welcome. This is not the NHL so leave your ego behind! For more information you can send your request to goldleague@inlienrink.com
Pickup games for all skill levels in on Sunday at 6:30pm. The advanced skill level has their pickup game on Tuesdays at 6:30pm (weather permitting). Start times may vary through the year depending on the weather so please make sure you are on the pickup game email list. You can join that list by sending an email with your info to pickupgame@inlinerink.com
All skill levels both male and female are welcome, so advanced players should be prepared to play down so that everyone has fun.
Helmet with cage, shin pads and elbow pads are required for player safety. Send an email to pickupgame@inlinerink.com if you need to borrow equipment for a pickup game or have any questions. We have skates in many sizes, pads and sticks.
Teams are broken up by jersey color – white and dark. Please bring a jersey or t-shirt in either color.
Hartmann Inline Hockey is a volunteer run hockey club. All funds go towards the management and maintenance of the Hartmann Rink and facilities. If you have enjoyed the atmosphere and comradery that comes with Hartmann Rink and have not joined one of our leagues - we ask that you contribute $5 or $10 to ensure the only outdoor inline rink in Boulder is available for your enjoyment. You can make donations here.
Copyright © 2018 | Hartmann Inline Rink: Supporting Outdoor Inline Hockey in Boulder County | Powered by SilverStripe.
For each day over more than a month I tracked my weight and food energy in an effort to empirically discover the basis of a strategy for achieving my ideal weight.
I found that weight in pounds, measured right after waking up, is proportional to the calories consumed the day before, with the calories per pound randomly distributed around almost exactly 10 (with repeatability, measured as the standard deviation, of 1.4). Some research into how many calories are used with varying kinds of exercise showed that this relationship tracks closely with the energy spent on a full day of sleep as a function of weight.
This made the strategy simple: daily consume only the amount of calories needed to maintain my ideal weight, calculated by multiplying 10 by that weight. To improve my chances of not exceeding that weight, I wouldn't consume any more than that; and to avoid getting too much underweight, I would consume no less than 8.6 (10 minus 1.4) times the weight.
I couldn't help but compare what I was learning about myself with what I had learned about consumption of resources by humanity as a whole. The calories needed to maintain ideal weight seemed to correspond to what I had derived as the "minimum ecological footprint," the amount of resources provided by other species that is required for stable basic survival where the resources are reliably available (as became the case globally, on average, about fifteen hundred years ago). The lower value of calories I was aiming for corresponded to the footprint for a hungry state of being, with uncertain availability of resources, which I had calculated as 80% of the "minimum" and was the starting point for idealized groups of people driving historical population and consumption change since the start of civilization.
It is tempting to try making a comparison between being overweight and consuming more resources than is healthy for the world. As we are able to consume more stuff besides food, we are also able to consume more food. Our life expectancy, which tracks with footprint much like happiness (gaining less and less as we consume more), begins to decrease as we become more overweight, implying that doing so overwhelms our inner ecosystem just as increasing our footprint eventually overwhelms the external ecosystems that support us. I have long hypothesized that there is an upper limit to happiness, beyond which we cannot go without self-destructing, and it's not a great stretch to expect that obesity might have a role in this given that heart disease is the top killer in the affluent U.S.
My personal motivation for losing weight is tied to the health risks of not doing so, just as my motivation for downsizing is tied to my awareness of how consuming more stuff is contributing to global extinction. It amounts to a selection of personal limits, much as half of the idealized groups in my reconstruction of world history (one-sixth of the population) chose to consume only one-fourth of the renewable resources available in a healthy world while the other groups chose to consume everything.
I am a latecomer to all of this. Many others have experienced a similar awakening of a desire to live within healthy limits, with common reaction to growing evidence of the alternative's imminent failure. Although we are far beyond the ability to succeed on a global scale, I share the goal to nurture that desire as much as possible, for as long as possible, and with as many people as might choose to share in it.
Fujiwara Sadaie (藤原定家), better-known as Fujiwara no Teika[1] (1162 – September 26, 1241[2]), was a Japanese poet, critic,[3] calligrapher, novelist,[4] anthologist, scribe,[5] and scholar of the late Heian and early Kamakura periods. His influence was enormous, and he is counted as among the greatest[6] of Japanese poets, and perhaps the greatest master of the waka form – an ancient poetic form consisting of five lines with a total of 31 syllables.
Teika's critical ideas on composing poetry were extremely influential and studied until as late as the Meiji era. A member of a poetic clan, Teika was born to the noted poet Fujiwara no Shunzei. After coming to the attention of the Retired Emperor Go-Toba (1180–1239; r. 1183–1198),[7] Teika began his long and distinguished career, spanning multiple areas of aesthetic endeavor. His relationship with Go-Toba was at first cordial and led to commissions to compile anthologies, but later resulted in his banishment from the retired emperor's court. His descendants and ideas would dominate classical Japanese poetry for centuries afterwards.
Teika was born to a minor and distant branch of the aristocratic and courtly clan, the Fujiwara, in 1162, sometime after the Fujiwara regents had lost their political pre-eminence in the Imperial court during the Hōgen Rebellion. His branch of the clan sought prestige and power in the court by aligning itself with the Mikohidari family, and by specializing in artistic endeavors, principally poetry. Such specialization was not unusual; branches of extended clans were not in a position to compete directly in politics with the head branch of the clan (or indeed other clans because of their junior status), but could compete in more restricted aesthetic pursuits. (The Mikohidari, also known as the Miko, were a cadet branch of the Fujiwaras, through Fujiwara no Michinaga's sixth son, Fujiwara no Nagaie (1005–1064); the Mikohidari were themselves aligned with the more senior Kujō branch of the original Fujiwara, who opposed the Rokujō family.)
Teika's grandfather was the venerable poet Fujiwara no Toshitada. His father was Fujiwara no Shunzei (1114–1204), a well known and greatly respected poet (and judge of poetry competitions), who had compiled the seventh Imperial anthology of waka (the Senzai Wakashū). His niece would also become a well-respected poet of waka and renga, known as Kengozen or Shunzei's Daughter, whom he would occasionally seek out for poetic advice. His elder brother, Fujiwara no Nariee (sometimes romanized as "Nariie"; 藤原成家), would be somewhat successful in court, but not nearly as much as his niece.[8] Teika's foster-brother, the priest Jakuren or "Sadanaga" c. 1139–1202 would be successful as a poet although his career was cut tragically short; he had been adopted by Shunzei when Shunzei's younger brother "retired from the world".[9]
Teika's goals as the senior male of his branch were to inherit and cement his father's position in poetry, and to advance his own reputation (thereby also improving the political fortunes of his own clan in the court). While his life would be marked by repeated illness[10] and wildly shifting fortunes – only partially moderated by his father's long-lasting influence in court (Shunzei would live to the advanced age of 90), the young and poetically inclined Retired Emperor Go-Toba's patronage would prove to lead to some of Teika's greatest successes.[11]
The Retired Emperor Go-Toba announced, in the second year of his abdication (1200, the second year of the Shōji era) that he would be conducting a poetry contest.[12] Retired Emperors frequently became more influential after their retirement from the office of Emperor rather than as the actual Emperor, since they were free from the highly restricting ceremonial requirements and politics of the court. Go-Toba was 20 when he abdicated; he was the consummate amateur, skilled at playing the lute, considered an authority on traditional learning and courtly precedent, excellent at playing Go, and fond of equestrian pursuits such as horseback archery, shooting at running dogs, and swordsmanship.[13]
Go-Toba regarded all these pursuits as hobbies, taking one up and dropping another. One of these was his support of poetry, especially the waka. Immediately after his abdication, he had announced that he would hold two poetry contests, each requiring a number of preeminent poets to compose some 100 waka in a particular thematic progression, known as the hyakushu genre of poem sequences. The first contest (Go-Toba In shodo hyakushu 後鳥羽院初度百首; "Ex-Emperor Go-Toba's First Hundred-Poem Sequences") was considered a crucial political nexus; if a clan's poet did well and impressed the powerful (and youthful) Go-Toba, the clan would benefit considerably.[12]
Another example of Teika's calligraphy; here he has copied a portion of Sugawara no Takasue no musume's Sarashina nikki
Teika's diary records that he looked forward to this chance to improve himself. He was 38, and had reached middle age. While he was recognized as a talented poet, his career was stagnant; he had been in the Palace Guards of the Left for twenty years, and had not been promoted for nearly 10. He was "Lesser Commander of the Palace Guards of the Left" with little prospect of further advancement.[14]
He had wider political problems: The influence of his patrons, the Kujōs, over the Emperors had declined drastically. Minamoto no Michichika (d. 1202) had insinuated himself into Imperial circles through Go-Toba's former nursemaid; with this leverage, Michichika's adopted daughter (the then Shogun's daughter, who had decided to marry his daughter off to the Emperor, using Michichika as a go-between – contrary to the Shogun's usual policy of favoring Kujo Kanezane. The Shogun's lack of confidence allowed Michichika to push Go-Toba into firing Kanezane as kampaku in 1196[15]) became Go-Toba's concubine (making Michichika the Retired Emperor Go-Toba's father in law), and she bore him his first heir in 1195; the shame of this usurpation led Go-Toba's first wife, Ninshi, to retire from the court. As Ninshi was the daughter of the Kujō's leader Kujō Kanezane, the Kujō's influence in court diminished considerably, even to the extent of Kanezane and Yoshitsune (d. 1206; once the regent and prime minister)[16] being driven from the court in 1196;[17] with the diminution of their influence, so dimmed Teika's prospects. Teika expressed his disappointment through poetry, such as this example, written when he was "passed over for promotion in the spring list" in 1187 (he would eventually be promoted in 1190, but as his good and encouraging friend Saigyō died that year, it was cold comfort):
In fact, Teika was initially not invited, the instigation of the rival Rokujō clan's leader, Suetsune[18] and the connivance of Michichika.[19] Suetsune and Teika were bitter enemies; just a few months before, Teika had humiliated Suetsune by calling him "that fake poet" and publicly refusing to participate in a poetry competition with Suetsune.[20] His revenge was well-done; Teika was furious, writing in his Meigetsuki: :"I never heard of such a thing as choosing only senior poets [writes Teika about the pretext used to exclude him]. I can just see Suetsune at the bottom of this, contriving by some bribe that I be left out. It has to be Suetsune, Tsuneie, that whole family. Well, I have no regrets, for there is no possible hope for me now. But I did write in confidence to Kintsune so this may all come out eventually. He has replied that there is still room for hope."[21]
I gather that it was probably not the Emperor who decided on the rules for the hundred-poem competition. It was due entirely to the machinations of Michichika. One feels like flicking him away in disgust.[22]
Teika's appeals to the unrelenting Michichika failed,[12] and so Shunzei stepped in with an eloquent letter (the well-known Waji sojo; "Appeal in Japanese" – writing in Japanese as opposed to the official Chinese was considered a mark of sincerity[12]) addressed to Go-Toba, arguing that such an exclusion was without precedent, and motivated by base jealousy on their opponent's part:
Of late the people who call themselves poets have all been mediocrities. The poems they compose are unpleasant to hear, wordy and lacking in finesse.[20]
As Keene writes, "He denounced by name Teika's enemy Suetsune, calling him an ignoramus, and urged Gotoba not to be misled by his machinations."[20] Gotoba relented at this appeal from a man he greatly respected (the second time Shunzei had so interceded on Teika's behalf; the first time was in 1185 when Teika had lost his temper and struck a superior – the lesser general Masayuki – with a lamp).[23][24] He allowed Teika, along with two other "young" poets, Fujiwara no Ietaka (1159–1237; 1158–1237, according to Brower[25]), adopted son of Jakuren and pupil to Shunzei,[26] and Takafusa (1148–1209)[25] to enter the contest. Teika was overjoyed at this turn of events:
Early this morning came a message from Lord Kintsune that last evening the Ex-Emperor ordered my inclusion among the participants for the hundred-poem sequences.....To have been added to the list for this occasion fills me with inexpressible joy. Though they can hinder me no more, I am still convinced that the trouble was all due to the machinations of those evil men. And that it has turned out this way is a fulfillment of all my hopes and prayers for this life and the next.[27]
Teika furiously worked for more than two weeks[28] to complete the full sequence, and when he finally turned his Shoji hyakushu in a day late, Go-Toba was so eager he read the poems immediately. Go-Toba's personal secretary, Minamoto Ienaga, kept a diary (the Minamoto Ienaga nikki) which eulogistically concerned itself with Go-Toba's poetic activities,[29] and he records that it was Teika's hundred-poem sequence, and more specifically, poem number 93 which was directly responsible for Teika's being granted the special permission necessary to be admitted to the Retired Emperor's court (distinct from the reigning emperor's court; this special admittance was crucial to any future patronage); this is scarcely surprising as the 100-poem sequences submitted were of uniformly high quality (more poems originating in the sequences Go-Toba commissioned were included in the Shin Kokinshū than from any other source except the enormous "Poetry Contest in 1,500 Rounds").[30]
This poem is both a fine example of the jukkai ("personal grievances"[25]) genre and as Minamoto no Ienaga first pointed out,[32] also an allusion to the poem (preserved, along with Go-Shirakawa's reply, in the Imperial anthology Senzai Wakashū[33]) Shunzei had sent Retired Emperor Go-Shirakawa 14 years previously, imploring him to forgive Teika for striking a superior with a candlestick; "the allusion conveys the hope that just as Shunzei's poem obtained his erring son's restoration to rank and office under Go-Shirakawa, now Teika's own poem will win him admission to Go-Toba's Court despite his connection with the "disgraced" Kujō faction."[28]
Teika and Go-Toba would have a close[34] and productive relationship; Teika would be favored in such ways as being appointed by Go-Toba as one of the six compilers (and de facto head compiler by virtue of his dedication and force of personality in addition to his already established reputation as a poet) of the eighth Imperial Anthology of waka poetry, the esteemed Shin Kokinshū (c. 1205, "New Collection of Japanese Poetry, Ancient and Modern") which Go-Toba ordered to be written after the success of the hundred-poem sequences (which furnished a base for the collection). In order to compile it, Go-Toba had resurrected the defunct institution, the Poetry Bureau in the seventh month of 1201, with fifteen yoryudo, or "contributing members", and three added later),[35] who participated in the many poetry contests and similar activities that soon began taking place in the Bureau; of the Fellows, six (Minamoto Michitomo, Fujiwara Ariie, Teika, Fujiwara Ietaka, Fujiwara Masatsune and Jakuren, who would not live to finish the task, and was not replaced. Minamoto Ienaga was apparently detached from being Go-Toba's personal secretary to instead serve as the secretary for the compilation committee; his and Teika's diaries have survived, affording an unprecedentedly good view of the inner workings of how an imperial anthology was created)[35] were chosen to compile the Shin Kokinshū in the eleventh month of 1201.[32]
As if the honor of helping to compile the Shin Kokinshū and of having a remarkable 46[36] of his poems (including three from the Shoji hyakushu) included were not enough, Teika would later be appointed in 1232 by the Retired Emperor Go-Horikawa to compile – by himself – the ninth Imperial Anthology, the Shinchokusen Wakashū (c. 1235; "New Imperial Collection"). Teika was the first person to have ever been a compiler of two Imperial anthologies.
This favorable patronage and collaboration eventually soured even as Teika's relation with Emperor Juntoku and Minamoto no Sanetomo deepened, over many things such as differences in how one should use "association and progression" (as Brower terms it) in poetic sequences. In 100-poem sequences and the like, the poems were usually in one of several groups (the four seasons were common ones, as was love); the poems generally formed an integrated sequence in which they dealt with the same subject matter, proceeding from stage to stage (for instance, a sequence on Love might proceed from loneliness, to falling in love, to a mature relationship, and then the sorrow when it ends) or which refer to elements of previous poems (a technique later central to renga sequences). Go-Toba used such techniques consistently and often, whereas Teika's use was more erratic. During the compilation of the Shin Kokinshū, there were other differences, apparently over how wide-ranging a net to throw for poems:
In a situation like the present, where he [Go-Toba] has included poems by a great many people one has never heard of, whose names have remained in almost total obscurity for generations, and persons who have only recently begun to attract attention had as many as ten poems apiece included – in such a situation it is no particular distinction for me to have forty-odd [46] poems chosen, or for Ietaka to have a score or more. The Ex-Sovereign's recent decisions make it appear he is choosing men rather than poems – a questionable procedure.[37]
Teika's displeasure manifested itself in more petty ways, such as refusing to attend a banquet in 1205 (300 years after the Kokinshū was completed) celebrating the official completion of the Shin Kokinshū because there was no precedent for such a banquet (apparently he was not convinced by the precedent of the banquet celebrating the completion of the Nihon Shoki);[38] Go-Toba reciprocated by cutting Teika out of the process of continually revising the Shin Kokinshū[39] (while it was officially complete by the date of the banquet, it was de facto incomplete as the Japanese Preface only existed in rough drafts[38] and because Go-Toba would continue revising the selection of poems for some time thereafter, only releasing the final edition approximately 6 years later, sometime after the ninth month of 1210;[40][41] indeed, Go-Toba would continue revising it until his death, although the later revisions are not extant).[42]
In addition, there apparently were serious personality conflicts, which lead Go-Toba to write once, after praising Teika's poetry, that:
The way Teika behaved, as if he knew all about poetry, was really quite extraordinary. Especially when he was defending his own opinion, he would act like the man who insisted a stag was a horse. He was utterly oblivious of others, and would exceed all reason, refusing to listen to anything other people had to say.[43]
(The stag and horse anecdote refers to the ancient Chinese Zhao Gao (d. 207 BCE), who revolted after an incident in which he brought a stag to the Imperial court, claimed it was actually a horse, and saw that more of the officials sycophantically agreed with him, rather than the emperor who pointed out that the horse was actually a stag.)
Donald Keene believes that as Teika grew more important, he resented Go-Toba's peremptory use of him.[10][44][45][46] In his later years, Go-Toba took issue not merely with Teika's personality, but also with his poetry, complaining of Teika's more liberal style that Teika (among other things[47]) "by contrast, paid no attention whatsoever to the topic. For this reason in recent times even beginners have all come to be like this. It is outrageous. Only when one concentrates very hard upon a compound topic and composes a poem which centers upon the topic is the result of any interest. This modern style is sheer carelessness. It is absolutely essential to practice composing poems on compound topics in the correct way."[48][49]
In any event, the precipitating events were two incidents, one in 1207 and the next in 1220. In 1207, Go-Toba decided to organize the creation of 46 landscape screens for the Saishō Shitennō Temple which he had built in 1205 (apparently "in order to enlist divine aid in the overthrow the feudal government");[50] each of these screens would also have a waka on the famous landscape depicted, composed by a leading poet, who would compose the requisite 46, with the best poems for each landscape selected. Of course, Teika was asked to contribute, but one (on the "Wood of Ikuta", a famous and picturesque woodland attached to the Ikuta Shrine of Settsu Province, modern-day Kobe; it was famous for being a battlefield between the Minamoto and Taira clans, as well as for its scenic beauty[51]) was rejected by Go-Toba; not because it was a bad poem, but because it was a "poor model", as Keene puts it.[52] Teika, already annoyed by the minimal notice for the contest and the lack of time for composing the poems (he had to turn them in two days after he was first informed of the contest), began complaining about Go-Toba and attacking his poetic judgement, both with regard to the Shin Kokinshū and the poems selected from the screens.[53] Nothing came of this incident, but nevertheless, the damage had been done.[39]
The second incident took place in the second month of 1220 and is described in a preface to the two poems concerned as recorded in Teika's personal anthology, the Shū gusō; during the six-year period covering such events as Teika's banishment from Go-Toba's court and Go-Toba's participation in the Jōkyū War of 1221, Teika's diary is silent.[54] Teika was asked to participate in a poem competition on the 13th of the second month; Teika declined, citing as a reason the anniversary of his mother's death 26 years previous, in 1194. Go-Toba and his officials sent several letters to him, strongly urging him to come, and Teika eventually gave in, arriving with only two waka. The headnote to the two poems reads:
Having been summoned to the palace for a poetry gathering on the thirteenth day of the second month in the second year of Shokyu [1220], I had begged to be excused because of a ritual defilement, it being the anniversary of my mother's death. I thought no more about it, but quite unexpectedly in the evening of the appointed day, the Archivist Iemitsu come with a letter from the ex-emperor, saying that I was not the hold back on account of the defilement, but was to come in any case. I continued to refuse, but after the ex-emperor had sent two more letters insisting on my presence, I hastily wrote down the following two poems and took them with me.[54]
The first waka was critical of Go-Toba but otherwise fairly innocuous, but the second was quite pointed, obliquely attacking Go-Toba both for forcing Teika to attend Go-Toba's contest when Teika was memorializing his mother and also for insufficiently promoting Teika (the final line is a variation on a phrase dealing with "double griefs"):
Go-Toba saw this attack as both ingratitude of the rankest sort and the culmination of a series of affronts, this latest being petty resentment at what Go-Toba would have seen as a flimsy pretext for attempting to get out of the poetry competition. Accordingly, he banished Teika from his court, a banishment that would last for more than a year; this feud distressed devotees of poetry.[56]
Possibly another a factor in this estrangement was politics – Teika had had the good fortune of being selected in 1209 as a poetry teacher to the new and young shōgun, Minamoto no Sanetomo; the Shogunate was a rival and superior authority to that of the Emperors and the Imperial court. It was probably to the unhappy Sanetomo that Teika addressed the prefatory essay to his didactic collection, Kindai shūka ("Superior Poems of Our Time"), and his treatise on poetry Maigetsusho ("Monthly Notes"). Go-Toba would become an enemy of the then-bedridden Teika. Fortunately for Teika, Go-Toba would be exiled by the Kamakura shogunate in 1221 for the rest of life to the Oki Islands after Go-Toba led a failed rebellion against the Shogunate (the Jōkyū War) which Go-Toba had long hated;[57]
Teika's political fortunes improved in this period, as it was after Go-Toba's exile that Teika was appointed compiler of the ninth imperial anthology, the Shinchokusen Wakashū ("New Imperial Collection"; completed c. 1234). While it was a great honor, it was poorly received except by conservatives. According to Donald Keene, Shunzei's Daughter "declared that if it had not been compiled by Teika she would have refused even to take it into her hands." (From a letter sent to Fujiwara no Tameie, Teika's son).[58] She and others also criticized it for apparently deliberately excluding any of the objectively excellent poems produced by the three Retired Emperors exiled in the aftermath of the Jōkyū War[58] This absence has been variously attributed to vengefulness on the part of Teika, or simply a desire to not potentially offend the Kamakura shogunate.[59]
In 1232, Teika was advanced at the age of 70 to the court rank of "Gon Chūnagon" (Acting Middle Counselor).[60]
But even Teika's improved fortunes could not insulate him entirely from the various famines and disasters that wracked the country in this period, and which greatly exacberated his illnesses:
Today I had my servants dig up the garden (the north one), and plant wheat there. Even if we only grow a little, it will sustain our hunger in a bad year. Don't make fun of me! What other stratagem does a poor old man have? (Meigetsuki, 13th day of the 10th month, 1230)[61]
Starving people collapse, and their dead bodies fill the streets. Every day the numbers increase ... The stench has gradually reached my house. Day and night alike, people go by carrying the dead in their arms, too numerous to count. (Meigetsuki, 2nd day of the 7th month, 1231)[61]
During the later portions of his life, Teika experimented with refining his style of ushin, teaching and writing it; in addition to his critical works and the manuscripts he studied and copied out, he experimented with the then-very young and immature form of renga – "They are an amusement to me in my dotage."[62] He died in 1241, in Kyoto, and was buried at a Buddhist temple named "Shokokuji".
One of his 27 children by various women[63] (and one of two legitimate sons), Fujiwara no Tameie (1198–1275; he is remembered as a reluctant heir, in youth inclining rather to court football at the encouragement of Go-Toba[53] than to poetry), would carry on Teika's poetic legacy. Tameie's descendants would split into three branches: the conservative elder Nijō branch (founded by Tameie's elder son, Nijō Tameuji (1222–1286); the middle branch of the Kyōgoku founded by Fujiwara no Tamenori (1226–1279), which, before it became extinct in 1332 with the death of Fujiwara no Tamekane, merged with the Reizei at the prompting of Nun Abutsu-ni; and the younger, more liberal Reizei branch, founded by Tameie' younger son Fujiwara no Tamesuke (b. 1263) by Abutsu (d. circa 1283; a poet and a great diarist, especially remembered for her diary Isayoi Nikki ("Diary of the Waning Moon") chronicling her legal battles to get the Kamakura shogunate to stop Tameuji from disinheriting Tamesuke of the Hosokawa estate near the capital that Tameie had left Tamesuke).[64]
It is a testament to Teika's importance that the poetic history of the next centuries is in large part a story of the battles between the rival branches; indeed, it is this rivalry that is chiefly responsible for the great number of forgeries attributed to Teika. When the Reizei lost a court case concerning possession of the Hosokawa estate Tameie had willed to Tamesuke, they were ordered to hand over the valuable manuscripts and documents inherited from Teika and Tameie over to the Nijō; they outwardly complied, but along with the few genuine documents whose existence the Nijō had already learned of, they mostly included forgeries which the Nijō had little choice but to accept. In retaliation, the Nijō manufactured a number of forgeries of their own, the better to buttress their claims.[65][66]
After a period of Reizei ascendancy under Reizei Tamehide (冷泉為秀, great-grandson of Teika) (b. 1302?, d. 1372), they suffered a decline and a consequent rise in the fortunes of the Nijō, as Tamehide's son, Iametuni, became a Buddhist monk. However, the Nijō soon suffered setbacks of their own under the wastrel Nijō no Tameshige (b. 1325, d. 1385), whose promising son, Nijō no Tametō (b. 1341, d. 1381), died comparatively young, killed by a brigand.
In a further disaster for the Nijō, Tametō's son, Nijō no Tamemigi was killed by a brigand as well in 1399 (?), effectively wiping out the Nijō as an organized force. Under the grandson of Tamehide, Tanemasa (b. 1361, d. 1417), the Rezei achieved temporary victory in the time of Shōtetsu.[67] Ironically, the once-liberal Reizei would become associated during and after the Meiji Era with the ultra-conservatives of the "Palace School".
In this art of poetry, those who speak ill of Teika should be denied the protection of the gods and Buddhas and condemned to the punishments of hell.
Teika selected the works for the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu, an anthology of a hundred poems by a hundred poets. His Ogura Hyakunin Isshu was later thought to be a book of waka theory in which all types of ideal waka and all techniques were laid out; disputes over specific style and whether to be conservative or liberal that divided his descendants into a number of feuding schools/clans like the Reizei, Kyōgoku, and Nijō.
Teika made many[68] manuscript copies of Japanese classics, including such landmarks of Japanese literature as The Tale of Genji, The Tales of Ise and the Kokinshū anthology.[69] In his days, the ancient Japanese pronunciations were lost or difficult to understand, rendering the orthography of kana confused and uncertain. Teika researched old documents and recovered the earlier system of deciding between interpretations of kana, and developed a systematic orthography which was used until the modern Meiji period. He applied his kana system to his manuscripts, which were known for their accuracy and general high quality and called Teika bon ("Teika text"). Using his method he was able to document the accurate pronunciation of earlier waka like the ones in the Kokin Wakashū. His manuscripts were also appreciated for his eponymous distinct and bold style of calligraphy. The Adobe font "Kazuraki SPN", released in 2009, is based upon the calligraphic style of Fujiwara Teika.
Teika is also remembered, like his father, as being something of an innovator – the Encyclopædia Britannica says:
Teika employed traditional language in startling new ways, showing that the prescriptive ideal of "old diction, new treatment" [kotoba furuku, kokoro atarashi] inherited from Shunzei might accommodate innovation and experimentation as well as ensure the preservation of the language and styles of the classical past.
The "old diction" here are phrases and words from the "Three Collections": the Kokinshū, the Gosen Wakashū, and the Shūi Wakashū, but not much older than that (for instance, the diction of the Man'yōshū was considered too old).[70] Teika wrote in his Maigetsusho that the best poems were spontaneous and original, but nevertheless traditional:
But such a notion is quite erroneous. For if we were to call such verses as that superior, then any poem at all we might write could be a fine one. No, first the powers of invention must be freed by reciting endless possibilities over and over to oneself. Then, suddenly and spontaneously, from among all the lines one is composing, may emerge a poem whose treatment of the topic is different from the common run, a verse that is somehow superior to the rest. It is full of poetic feeling, lofty in cadence, skillful, with resonances above and beyond the words themselves. It is dignified in effect, its phrasing original, yet smooth and gentle. It is interesting, suffused with an atmosphere subtle yet clear. It is richly evocative, its emotion not tense and nervous but sensible from the appropriateness of the imagery. Such a poem is not to be composed by conscious effort, but if a man will only persist in unremitting practice, he may produce one spontaneously.[71]
The following is an example of how Teika used old and classic imagery such as Takasago and Onoe, as well as pine and cherry trees, in fresh ways:
His poems were described as remarkable for their elegance and exemplars of Teika's ideals, in his early and later years (respectively; Teika considerably modified his personal beliefs during his 40s, after the death of Shunzei, and simplified his style of composition), of the styles of yoen – one of the ten orthodox styles Teika defined and defended in his poetic criticism, with some of the others being the onihishigitei ("demon-quelling force") style, the style of sabi or "loneliness" (closely related to mono no aware), the style of yūgen, or "mystery and depth"; the yoen style was concerned with "ethereal beauty", and ushin ("deep feeling" or "conviction of feeling". This shift in style from yoen to ushin was intended to achieve a certain sort of makoto, or integrity;[73] Teika sometimes referred to his aim as ushin ("deep feeling"), which confusingly was also the name of one of the ten styles. The yoen style was one of the most popular in his time due in no small part to Teika's of it (yoen had first been described by Fujiwara no Mototoshi in the 1150s, but had been only marginally successful); years later, the Symbolists would admire and emulate (to a degree) his use of language to evoke atmosphere in his brief poems in the yoen style. An excellent example (and one later chosen for an Imperial anthology) is the first poem below:
Shūi gusō (拾遺愚草) ; Teika's personal anthology which includes over 3500 poems selected by himself. The two poems which offended Retired Emperor Go-Toba so much and caused the rift between Teika and him are preserved here only.[53]
Meigetsuki (明月記; "The Record of the Clear Moon"; sometimes called "Diary of the Clear Moon"[75] or possibly "Chronicle of the Bright Moon";[76] as the second translation suggests, this was a diary Teika kept in classical Chinese between the ages of approximately 18 (in 1180) to just before his death, around 1241; the entries for 1180 and 1181 may have been written when Teika was an old man,[77] but the bulk of the diary covers the 47 years between 1188 and 1235. As its comprehensiveness might suggest, it is an extremely valuable resource[according to whom?] for understanding the court and Teika's place in the Imperial court, even despite its incompleteness—available extant versions consist of 56 scrolls (the Reizei family possesses in its family library holographs of 56 and copies of two more), while scholars estimate that the original consisted of over 180 scrolls.) Among its many interesting passages (some quoted previously) about Teika's career and life is a famous passage from the ninth month of 1180 about Teika's indifference to political or military advancement, in which he aristocratically remarked that "Reports of disturbances and punitive expeditions fill one's ears, but I pay them no attention. The red banners and the expeditions against the traitors are no concern of mine." (Here, "red banners" probably refers to the Imperial standard; the last line is possibly a reference to a poem by Po Chu-i in which he tells of how he has been effectively exiled and passes his time playing Go).
Hyakunin isshu (百人一首, c. 1235 "Single Poems by One Hundred Poets"; this collection became the foundation of the modern Japanese New Year game karuta.)
Hyakunin Shūka (百人秀歌, 1229–1236?; a 101-poem anthology arranged at the request of Utsunomiya Yoritsuna to be copied onto 101 strips of paper and pasted onto the walls of his villa; it has 97 poems in common with Hyakunin isshu, suggesting that perhaps it is a misidentified and variant version of the Isshu.)
Gotoba-in Kumano Gokō Ki (熊野御幸記, 1201; "The Visit of the Cloistered Emperor to Kumano"). Portion of Meigetsuki which Teika wrote about a trip to Kumano he took with Go-Toba and Michichika; like his other diary, it is written in classical Chinese, except for the wakas along the way to the shrines there that Go-Toba was so devoted to that this trip was but one of more than thirty. Teika seems not to have enjoyed the trip; his diary often records concern over his health and matters of decorum such as the proper clothes to wear.[78]
Eiga taigai[79] or Eika no Taigai (詠歌大概, c. 1216,[79] 1222?; "Essentials of Poetic Composition"). Besides normal advice and criticism of poetry such as pedantic rules on honkadori – poems used as a base in honkadori should always be old poems and from either the Kokinshū, Shūi Wakashū, or the Gosen Wakashū with no more than two and a half lines borrowed from the originals; similarly, borrowed elements were to be moved within the new poem and the new poem should have a different theme), Teika also tellingly recommends certain classic works for aspiring poets to study: the Tales of Ise, Sanjurokkasen (or "Poems of the Thirty-Six Immortals") and the first two portions of The Collected Works of Po Chü-i. Portions of the Eiga taigai have been translated into English[80]
Kindai shūka (近代秀歌, c. 1209; "Superior Poems of Our Time"; a collection of poems Teika felt to be excellent models, with a preface dealing with his critical philosophy, sent to Sanetomo to instruct him in how his poems should emulate the great ancient Japanese poets – teaching by example. This sequence was constructed when he was 47, after the death of Shunzei, which depressed Teika, as evidenced by his writing in the Kindai shūka that he had "forgotten the color of the followers of words; the well-springs of inspiration have run dry.")[81]
Maigetsusho (毎月抄, c. 1219; "Monthly Notes"; an epistle of corrections of one hundred poems, sent to a student of Teika's. Besides the corrections, it bore a preface which is a major source of information regarding Teika's view on the aesthetics of poetry; Shōtetsu states that it was sent to Minamoto no Sanetomo; Ton'a holds rather that it had been sent to the "Kinugasa Great Inner Minister", or Fujiwara no Ieyoshi.)[80] Besides Brower's English translation, the Maigetsusho was also translated to French,[82] Italian[83] and Hungarian.[84]
Matsuranomiya monogatari (松浦宮物語 "The Tale of the Matsura Palace"; an experimental novel believed to be written by Teika, though Teika's manuscript claims that he was merely copying it.)
Teika Jittai (定家十体, 1207–1213; an anthology of 286 poems, chiefly derived from the Shin Kokinshū; long believed a forgery, but some modern scholars[who?] contend that it is a genuine work.)[citation needed]
^ "Sadaie" and "Teika" are both possible readings of 定家; "...there is the further problem, the rendition of the name in romanized form. Teika probably referred to himself as Sadaie, and his father probably called himself Toshinari, but the Sino-Japanese versions of their names were used by their contemporaries, and this practice is still observed." pg 681–692, note 2 of Seeds in the Heart: Japanese Literature from Earliest Times to the Late Sixteenth Century, Donald Keene. 1999, Columbia University Press, ISBN 0-231-11441-9
^ "The high quality of poetic theory (karon) in this age depends chiefly upon the poetic writings of Fujiwara Shunzei and his son Teika. The other theorists of tanka writing, stimulated by father and son either to agreement or disagreement, contributed also toward the high level of poetic theory, but we may say that Shunzei and Teika were most representative of the age." This quote is sourced to Odagiri Hideo in pg 10 of his "Nihon ni okeru bungei hyōron no seiritsu" (The Rise of Art Criticism in Japan), pub. by Geijutsuron-shū ("Collection of Discussions of Art"), Tokyo 1962; see Shun'ichi H. Takayanagi's review of Japanese Court Poetry by Robert H. Brower and Earl Miner in Monumenta Nipponica, Vol. 18, No. 1/4. (1963), pp. 352–364. [1]
^ "During his last years Teika seems to have composed little poetry, but he was otherwise engaged in copying manuscripts, especially of the major works of Heian literature. It is not much of an exaggeration to say that what we know of the literature of Teika's day and earlier is mainly what he thought was worthy of preservation" pg 673–674 of Seeds in the Heart.
^ "The single most influential figure in the history of Japanese classical poetry, Fujiwara no Teika (or Sadaie) 1162–1241, was the supreme arbiter of poetry in his day, and for centuries after his death was held in religious veneration by waka and renga poets alike." Robert H. Brower. Monumenta Nipponica, Vol. 40, No. 4. (Winter, 1985), pp. 399–425. [2]).
Charles Murray, in his Human Accomplishment, ranks Teika as the 17th most influential figure in all of Japanese literature based on his analysis of academic research on Japanese literature. "Fujiwara no Teika....is one of the four greatest Japanese poets. The son of Shunzei, Teika lived to an advanced age constantly plagued by both recurring illness and reverses and advances in his family's fortunes. Similarly, his poetry and critical writings also underwent a series of changes in the course of his life, leaving behind the most substantial and intense poetic legacy by a single poet in Japanese history."[3]
"Teika's unique reputation rested in part upon his accomplishment as the leading figure among the many fine poets of the Shinkokin Jidai, the period of fifty-odd years in the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries when revival and innovation in the native poetry were exemplified in Shin Kokinshū, c. 1204, the eighth, and in many respects the greatest, of the imperially sponsored anthologies of classical verse. As one of the six compilers of the anthology, and with forty-six of his poems included in it, Teika stood at the forefront of the younger and more innovative poets of his day, and his various experiments with diction, rhetoric, and figurative language, as well as with new styles, modes, and aesthetic effects, were widely imitated by his contemporaries. After his death, his quarreling descendants were recognized as the ultimate authorities on all poetic matters, and through them Teika's influence pervaded six hundred years of Japanese poetic history." Extract from "Fujiwara Teika's Maigetsusho" by Robert H. Brower, Monumenta Nipponica, Vol. 40, No. 4. (Winter, 1985), pp. 399–425.
Donald Keene writes, "...is the diary of Fujiwara Teika (1162–1241), a man equally celebrated as poet, critic, and editor." pg 95, Keene 1989
^ a b "It was a heavy burden for Teika, whose chronic bronchitis and rheumatism made him a semi-invalid, to be caught up in the ex-emperor's hectic life." pg 19 of Brower 1972
^ "The decision was vital to the position and future status of Teika in particular, affording an opportunity to establish contact and ingratiate himself with the powerful ex-sovereign and to demonstrate his poetic prowess to the discomfiture of his enemies. One hesitates to make such a sweeping statement as that the course of Japanese classical poetry would have been forever altered had Teika been shunted aside at this juncture to eke out the remainder of his days in wretched obscurity...[but] one may be excused for thinking his inclusion in the Shoji sequences more than a mere ripple on the surface of literary history." pg 10 of Fujiwara Teika's Superior Poems of Our Time, trans. Robert H. Brower, Earl Miner. 1967, Stanford University Press, L.C. 67-17300, ISBN 0-8047-0171-7
Letting the radiance of his power and majesty shine forth unobscured, at the same time he amused himself with every variety of art and accomplishment. In all of these he was second to none, so that people wondered when and how he had gained such proficiency....For his part, the ex-sovereign showed an interest in every accomplishment, even those which seemed of the most trivial and insignificant kind, so that all sorts of people who had any claim to knowledge of these matters were summoned to his presence, where, it appears, they could petition freely for his favor.
See also pg 14: "Go-Toba, on the other hand, while appreciating the need for discipline and practice, remained throughout his life the grand dilettante – man who in his own way appreciated and loved poetry, but who never ceased to regard it as a kind of elegant pastime. Such an attitude is implicit in the ex-emperor's flitting from hobby to hobby, and it is, as his poetic treatise illustrates, at the heart of his critical differences with Teika."
^ Miner 1968; Miner relates the incident with the lamp on page 113 in comparing Teika's volatile nature against his father's more tranquil peaceable demeanor.
^ Keen goes into more detail than Brower, giving the date, name, and source: the diary called Gyokuyo ("Jeweled Leaf"), kept by Kujo no Kanezane who lived from 1149 to 1207, and whose daughter, Ninshi, would later become Go-Toba's consort. He wrote: "It has been reported that on the night of the rehearsal of the Gosechi dances in the presence of His Majesty, a quarrel took place between the lesser general Masayuki and the chamberlain Teika. In the course of making some sneering remarks, Masayuki became quite disorderly. Teika, unable to control his indignation and disgust, struck Masayuki with a lantern. Some people say he hit him in the face. Because of this incident, Teika's name was removed from the palace register." pg 662 of Keene 1999
^ "I [Teika] was commanded to inspect the poems composed for the occasion by the ex-emperor. Truly, a poetic voice as are as gold and precious jewels! This time all of his compositions were beautiful beyond the power of words to express. In the present age there is no one, high or low, who can match him. Each poem was marvelous. I could scarcely keep from shedding tears of admiration." pg 18–19 of Brower 1972
^ a b from pg 659: "What was the point of holding such a ceremony? It was not in accordance with precedents. It was suddenly arranged and everything was at cross purposes. The poets were not even poets. The choice was most peculiar." Translated by Keene from Teika's diary. See also pg 658 of Keene 1999
^ a b "Thus, although both Teika and Go-Toba continued to have a genuine respect and appreciation for each other's poetic accomplishments, a certain coolness grew up between then. Perhaps as a consequence, Teika found his ideas largely ignored with respect to revisions of the Shin Kokinshū, upon which the ex-emperor embarked as soon as the anthology was "complete"." pg 21 of Brower 1972
^ The text being excerpted from and translated is Go-Toba's Go-Toba no in Gokuden ("The Ex-Emperor Go-Toba's Secret Teachings"). From pg 108 of Brower 1978
^ "Teika considerably enhanced his position at the court by winning the respect of Go-Toba with his poetry, but relations between the two men eventually deteriorated as Teika became increasingly aware of his own importance in the world of poetry." pg 99, Keene 1989
See also pg 18 of Brower 1972: "He was henceforth in constant demand at Go-Toba's palace to participate in impromptu poetry parties, to judge contests, and to give his opinion on other poetic matters. His reputation and prestige were greatly enhanced by these marks of imperial favor, and his 'right' to succeed Shunzei as supreme arbiter of poetry at Court became much more established.....Go-Toba even put together and judged a little 'contest' made up of six each of his own and Teika's poems, giving Teika three wins, two draws, and only one loss."
^ "Though I [Teika] work hard, it profits me nothing; though I run about in the service of the great, I am poor and ill, old and lame. Yet there is nothing I can do about my wretchedness. Forced to abandon wife and children, I lie in misery in a dilapidated hut, where the rain leaks through onto my bed. All night I find no rest. How much longer can this drifting life go on?" pg 20 of Brower 1972
^ "Teika was thus often forced to stay overnight in the Minase area, finding makeshift lodgings as best as he could...Sometimes Go-Toba stayed at Toba or Minase for days or even weeks on end, and Teika was expected to be on instant call. He had to hover about the neighborhood, making occasional overnight trips back to his family in Kyoto. The expenses as well as the inconvenience of the ex-emperor's excursions were borne by the courtiers in attendance, and for one who subsisted in Teika's state of shabby gentility, this was an added cause of worry and discontent – especially since the ex-sovereign's appreciation and favor were seldom expressed in material terms. The lengthy separations from his family were difficult; Teika worried about his children, particularly his young heir Mitsuna [Tameie], who were subject to various childhood chills and fevers for which religious incantations were the only known remedy." pg. 20–21 of Brower 1972
^ "Two things in particular arouse the ex-emperor's ire: Teika's proud and arrogant bearing, his too eager readiness to criticize; and his stubborn refusal to accept a flexible standard for judging poetic quality, a 'double standard' which Go-Toba rightly claims to represent the traditional courtly (and dilettante) attitude in the highly social and occasional contexts of Japanese poetry." pg 30 of Brower 1972
^ "Years later, while in exile, Gotoba explained why he had rejected the poem. He admired the diction and Teika's unique charm in the form, but insisted that this waka would make a poor model for inexperienced poets to imitate because it lacked a firm structure." pg 100, Keene 1989
Again, because his own poem on 'The Grove of Ikuta' was not included among the winning poems for the sliding partitions with paintings of famous beauty spots at my Chapel of the Four Deva Kings [in the Saishō Shitennō Temple], he went about giving vent to his scorn and contempt in various quarters, making many intemperate remarks – a kind of behavior that served rather to demonstrate his own willfulness and lack of restrain than the poor taste of the judges....Although Lord Teika's poetic manner is employed by him with splendid results, it should not, as a general rule, be taken as a model by others....And after all, it does appear superior to Jien's poem on 'The Grove of Ikuta' that was chosen for the painting. At the same time, such lapses of taste and judgement are likely to occur over and over again, not only on my part but with others as well. One mistake surely should not be held against a person forever.
^ On the 22nd day of the 2nd month of 1221, Emperor Juntoku wrote in his diary: "At night there was a poetry party....but this evening Lord Teika was not invited. He has been forbidden the palace because of that poem he composed last year, and has been shut up at home in disgrace ever since. The Ex-Emperor was extremely offended, commanding that he be excluded from all poetry parties until further notice....Can it be really true he has been passed over so grievously? On the other hand, not to include Lord Teika in activities having to do with poetry is surely a very grave matter." pg 48 of Brower 1972
^ "As sovereign and ex-sovereign, he was determined to exercise active rule; he achieved a considerable measure of success by establishing a strong "camera government" (insei) and by firmly controlling the two reigning emperors who succeeded him, his sons Tsuchimikado (1195–1231; r. 1198–1210) and Juntoku (1197–1242; r. 1210–1221). Go-Toba's political obsession was to overthrow the "illegitimate" Minamoto-Hōjō military regime at Kamakura and "restore" authority to the Kyoto court ... But the long period of watchfulness and military preparation, begun on the death of the first Minamoto shogun, Yoritomo (1147–1199), ended in a swift and ignominious defeat in the brief Shokyu War of 1221. Go-Toba's military forces were completely routed ..." pg 8 of Brower 1972
^ Miner and Brower give two extracts on pg 351 referencing their claims about the origins of the numerous medieval forgeries attributed to Teika. The first is from Kitabatake Chikafusa's Kokinshūjo Chū ("Commentary upon the Prefaces to the Kokinshū") as reprinted in "(NKGT, IV, xlix)" (where "NKGT" refers to the Nihon Kagaku Taikei):
When Lord Tameie died, his wife, Lady Abutsu the Nun, took the poetic documents with her to Kamakura. Later, Tameie's heir, Lord Tameuji, brought suit and in consequence, during the time of the ex-Emperor Kameyama, a command was issued from the court of the ex-Emperor to the authorities in Kamakura ordering the documents to be handed over. At that time they surrendered all the writings that had been catalogued long ago and were well known to various people, but apparently because not even Lord Tameuji had any clear idea of the contents of the Cormorant and Heron boxes, they retained the secret writings, filled the boxes with forgeries, and handed those over instead.
A second account comes from a priest named "Genshō" (flourished c. 1300), who was Tameuji's younger brother and thus supported the Nijō, in his Waka Kuden or Gukanshō ("Oral Traditions of Poetry"; from "NKGT, IV, 46"):
The Nun Abutsu and the Great Counselor [Tameuji] quarreled over the poetic documents... Abutsu hid the catalog of poetic writings written in the former Middle Counselor's [Tameie] own hand, and held back a number of important documents which she proceeded to display to all and sundry. She was twice warned in a dream and then she and her two sisters died in rapid succession. Japanese Court Poetry, Earl Miner, Robert H. Brower. 1961
^ "...he wrote that, despite the infirmities of old age, he intended to copy manuscripts for the sake of future generations." pg 693 of Keene 1999
^ "Differences among the earliest of these are not entirely negligible, but readers interested in Kokinshū as it was known to almost everyone who read or cited it after its recanonization in the late 12th century can be advised to begin with one of the 18 or so versions believed to have been transcribed and edited by Fujiwara Teika from 1209 until 1237, four years before his death." From the article "What is Kokin Wakashu?", provided by the University of Virginia Japanese Text Initiative
^ Miner and Brower translate on pg. 248 a portion of the Maigetsusho: "Now then, as I have written to you numerous times, you should peruse at leisure the several imperial anthologies from the Man'yōshū down to the present and reach an understanding of the ways in which the various styles have changed with the passage of time.....As for Man'yōshū, it represents a very ancient age when the hearts of men were unsophisticated, so that even if we try to emulate it, we cannot possibly succeed in this present generation. It is especially important for a novice that he not permit himself to become enamored of the archaic style." Japanese Court Poetry, Earl Miner, Robert H. Brower. 1961
^ pg 41: "Even such unquestionably accomplished sophisticated poets as Ki no Tsurayuki and Fujiwara Teika turned late in life to simpler, more declarative poetic modes in order to achieve a simple integrity (makoto) that seemed to them lacking in their earlier poetry." Japanese Court Poetry, Earl Miner, Robert H. Brower. 1961
^ "At the Abbey of St. Gall in Switzerland, where the star could barely be seen over the southern Alpine horizon, chroniclers nevertheless described it as the most significant event of the year: "a star of unusual magnitude, shimmering brightly... in the extreme south, beyond all the constellations." And the Japanese poet Fujiwara Teika two centuries later celebrated the fame of the "great guest star" in his "Diary of the Clear Moon"." from "Stardust Memories" by Frank Winkler, pg A25 of May 5, 2005 New York Times
^ "Professor Tsuji Hikosaburō, the author of an important study of Chronicle of the Bright Moon, demonstrated that Teika wrote this passage (and the rest of the entries for 1180 and 1181) many years later, when he was about seventy. The feelings expressed in this passage where therefore not those of a young man who disdained to become involved with the vulgar passions of the world but of an old man who reached this conclusion in looking back on his life." pg 96, Keene 1989
In PLI's American Arbitration, a few of the country's major arbitrators give you the criminal, institutional, documentary, and procedural tips that may assist you interact extra successfully during this very important dispute solution strategy.
American Arbitration lets you comprehend the major legislation and principles imposing arbitration agreements and awards; decide acceptable arbitration services, venues, and tribunal individuals; craft stable family and overseas arbitration agreements; safe initial injunctions and different treatments pending arbitrations; behavior arbitrations in line with legislations, customized, and confirmed most sensible practices; deal with thorny arbitration matters resembling a number of events and a number of lawsuits; and effectively problem arbitral awards on great grounds.
Enhanced by way of making plans checklists and pattern contract language that support to make sure the potent graduation, behavior, and end of arbitrations, American Arbitration covers the legislation, ideas, recommendations, tactics, concerns, and tendencies particular to arbitrations in such components as securities, highbrow estate, overseas trade, development, and hard work and employment.
Updated at least one time a 12 months, American Arbitration: rules and perform is a necessary source for pro arbitrators and a tremendous reference for lawyers, corporation executives, and different pros interested in substitute dispute solution processes.
Founded in 1933, practicing legislation Institute (Practicing legislations Institute, PLI) is the nation's premier supplier of constant criminal schooling. PLI is a number one writer of authoritative criminal references and different details assets and provides greater than three hundred reside and digital courses nationally.
Robert B. von Mehren has an energetic arbitration perform and is a former accomplice at Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. Steven J. Burton is John F. Murray Professor of legislation at college of Iowa. George William Coombe Jr. is a world advertisement arbitration specialist.
This ebook examines the background, rules, and perform of awarding reimbursement and restitution in investor-State arbitration disputes, that are initiated lower than funding treaties. the rules mentioned will be utilized to all foreign legislation circumstances the place harm to estate is an argument. The ebook starts off by means of tracing the roots of the appropriate foreign felony ideas to Roman legislation, and from there follows their evolution in the course of the ecu legislation of extra-contractual legal responsibility and finally in the course of the Chorzów manufacturing facility case to ideas of reimbursement and restitution within the smooth legislation of overseas funding.
This thoroughly revised and up-to-date fourth version of getting ready Witnesses: a pragmatic advisor for legal professionals and Their consumers, will increase witness training abilities. This publication is a useful relief in refining abilities for supplying witness testimony with an impact.
… a lovingly curated selection of the essentials you need for living in the City of Lights – prepared by people in the know.
Looking for a party venue or a medical specialist? A place to pamper yourself or activities for your kids? We list only “les bonnes adresses” that have been tried and tested by INSPIRELLE‘s network of trusted friends. Check back often, as we’ll keep adding new ones!
Whether you want to just say bonjour, you have questions, recommendations or comments on how we’re doing, feel free to drop us a line.
INSPIRELLE is always looking for new contributors and story ideas. Send us a brief pitch and information about yourself for consideration to: EDITORS@INSPIRELLE.COM
Interested in advertising or a promotional partnership with INSPIRELLE? Contact us for more information.
For the first few hours in the camp, I was scoping out potential design related modifications to make the refugees’ stay more… adequate? I had come expecting to experience a eureka moment: “I’m going to make this camp so much better, good Design will solve the refugee crisis!”. Boy was I wrong.
No matter how much you prepare, empty nest syndrome can hit you hard. Ken Carlton, author and father of two boys off to college, describes the heartbreak of cooking and eating alone.
We absolutely love summer in Paris, when the sun is out and there's a dizzying array of happenings around town! Here are our top picks of unique and fun things to do, from bronzing yourself at an inner-city beach to dancing under the stars!
Husband and father Ken Carlton describes his admiration and solidarity for the new women's order leading the charge for equality and respect.
When your child is ready to share with you who they really are, expect the unexpected and the rest will follow.
Do you have a teenager in France looking to apply to a North American university? Here are some expert college search tips to help you demystify the process.
Finding great things to do in Paris during the summer isn’t easy. Parisians abandon the city, leaving it to the tourists, and it seems like all the best spots are closed — or are they?
As a parent of a child who suffers from the big trilogy – asthma, food allergies and eczema – I spend hours, days on end and nights trying to find non-medicinal solutions. I came across the Gesret Method, which claims to cure asthma, allergies, eczema and psoriasis. After exhausting my research, I decided to bring my son for a session with a wish to cure his asthma.
Ever wonder what some men think about marriage, family and shopping for groceries and cooking? Meet Ken Carlton. He's INSPIRELLE's "Man in the Kitchen" sharing his personal insights and recipes in a monthly column for our section “Guy Talk”.
As you pack away the flip-flops and settle into the school and work routine, Ken Carlton offers this new recipe for fall: Think hard about that one project that has been mothballed in your emotional closet for years...
Thank you for joining the INSPIRELLE community! To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you.
Mirazur leaps 17 places to rest tantalisingly close to the top 10 on the 2014 list, a reflection of the considerable evolution of Mauro Colagreco’s cuisine over the past few years. While other chefs often bring more involvement to their food as the years wear on, Colagreco has de-cluttered his approach: the intention here is to serve ingredients with as little adornment as possible to allow the quality of the produce to shine.
Located on the French-Italian border on the Côte d’Azur, Mirazur has access to the best of both countries’ produce. Seafood is central to Colagreco’s menus and fish is typically on the plate mere hours after leaving the water, but the restaurant’s dégustation or daily changing carte blanche menus also rely heavily on the restaurant’s organic garden.
A near-obsessive approach to ingredients saw the Argentine-born Colagreco become the first ever non-French chef to be named “revelation of the year” in the influential Gault Millau guide. The restaurant occupies a large 1950s building over three levels with spectacular sea views and an equally prime vista of the historic and very well-heeled town of Menton, nicknamed ‘la perle de la France’. With surrounds such as these, Colagreco rarely leaves the restaurant, a dedication to his location and his craft that now sees him join his mentors Alain Ducasse and Alain Passard at the top table of French chefs.
Unique from other networking groups, Inspiring Women proactively works to create business and relationships between members.
Many of our members are experienced business owners and we love to help and support other business women to keep the knowledge flowing.
Expect vivid conversation, constructive discussion, laughter and understanding in abundance. Our meetings are held on the Northern Beaches of Sydney plus we offer 2 versions of online membership for those who cannot attend, so you can join in no matter where you are. We have meetings with our members online.
For more info have a look around our website and check out Membership, Coming Events, Training, Social and our Op Shop where local businesses are offering deals or looking for staff or items.
© 2012 - 2018 Inspiring Women | Website and hosting by eSense Web Design Use of my blog indicates your acceptance of the Inspiring Women BLOG TERMS OF USE
The bed and breakfast the happy island is surrounded by green countryside of Puglia at the heart of true Puglia.
Our bed and breakfast is only 3 km from the beautiful caves of Castellana, 10 km from the trulli of Alberobello, 20 km from the valley of itria, 15 km from the sea, 20 km from the zoo safari, 35 km from the white town of Ostuni.
Free movie download sites – ‘13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi,’ with James Badge Dale, Pablo Schreiber, Max Martini, John Krasinski, Dominic Fumusa, David Denman, David Costabile. Directed by Michael Bay, from a screenplay by Chuck Hogan, based on a book by Mitchell Zuckoff. 144 minutes. Rated R for strong combat violence throughout, bloody images and language. Several theaters. In Michael Bay’s gripping dramatization of that controversial event, the men, highly trained American private security operatives, can’t be sure if the figures they see moving toward them in the dark are jihadists or friendly Libyan militia members who are supposed to be the main protectors of the compound. The loyalty of those supposed allies is also questionable. It’s only when the shooting starts that the questions are answered, and then the six are in for the fight of their lives.
Free movie download sites without paying – Based on Mitchell Zuckoff’s 2014 best-seller “13 Hours,” Bay’s movie is a ground-level depiction of heroism in the midst of the fog of war. Hewing closely to Zuckoff’s true-life account, Bay seems to have no political ax to grind, at least with respect to the role in the fiasco of then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, whose name is never mentioned.
Rather, it’s bureaucracy that is as much of a villain as the anonymous jihadists. It’s symbolized by Bob (David Costabile), the CIA station chief, whose pre-raid scorn of the operatives — “hired help,” he calls them — leads him to dither, bluster and refuse to allow them to go to the ambassador’s aid until it’s too late. Next you can free movie downloads no registration.
Download movies for free online – The movie’s main drawback is that its main characters are surprisingly ill-defined. Played by John Krasinski, James Badge Dale, Pablo Schreiber, Max Martini, Dominic Fumusa and David Denman, they’re all elite ex-military men highly skilled at their deadly profession. But though their acting is uniformly first-rate, the characters’ bearded faces and lack of distinctive personality traits make them difficult to tell apart.
After the family matriarch passes away, a grieving family is haunted by tragic and disturbing occurrences, and begin to unravel […]
A 32-year-old woman suffering from bipolar disorder comes to suspect the proprietor of the state-of-the-art ”smart apartment” she and her […]
While shooting a documentary to expose the lies of alien abductees, a provocative filmmaker and his crew encounter a young […]
A teachers assistant, trapped in a small town with a strange illness, takes on a local missing persons case aided […]
A story about teenagers who live as someone’s marionette before they even normally go through the process of ego development […]
An alcoholic ex-cop finds the body of a young woman and, through an act of self-redemption, becomes hell-bent on finding […]
Taking place in the Tang Dynasty, a demon cat appears and breaks the peace of Chang’an City, causing a series […]
Ballerina Dominika Egorova is recruited to ‘Sparrow School,’ a Russian intelligence service where she is forced to use her body […]
A group of friends who meet regularly for game nights find themselves entangled in a real-life mystery. Quality :720p WEB-DL […]
Almost everybody cherishes substantial, roomy rooms, yet without the correct touch a room that is extensive can look distinct and chilly. It might need identity and have a general vague look offering next to no interest or intrigue. This article gives tips and thoughts to making even the biggest of lounge rooms warm, comfortable and welcoming.
The secret to bringing home the bacon room look unwinding and delightful is to separate the space and utilize accents to include shading.
Nothing looks more unmistakable or exhausting than a clear divider! In an expansive parlor, there’s no compelling reason to stick to white when covering the dividers. Think more regarding delicate, warm hues like cream, beige or spread. These hues give the room a warm shine that influences it to feel inviting.
To zest up the dividers a bit, utilize embroidered works of art, paintings, surrounded fine art or any accents that you really love and that arrange with whatever is left of the style. Consider your embellishing subject, and think of one of a kind thoughts for the dividers. For instance, a lounge brightened in a western subject looks awesome when an expansive wooden wagon wheel hangs over the couch!
To help additionally add profundity and measurement to the room, pick your window covers painstakingly. In vast rooms, overwhelming or cumbersome window ornaments or curtains function admirably, and enable take to up more divider space, while a massive valance in a rich, warm shade of wine includes an exquisite touch. You can likewise consider finished curtains that fall calmly to the floor.
Nothing influences a visitor to feel more quiet or welcome than a little, suggest space where you can visit and have refreshments without feeling like you two are sitting at direct inverse finishes of the room. To achieve this, essentially pick one zone of the room and orchestrate two seats, an affection situate and a complement table around a decent estimated territory floor covering. Set your furniture at intriguing points to make the room significantly all the more engaging.
In the event that individuals from your family love to peruse make an uncommon area implied for perusing. Organize a seat and footstool close to a window, flanked by a story light for additional light. A little bookshelf or magazine rack loaded with books adds a pleasant touch to this zone too.
Vast front rooms look considerably more wonderful when you put huge pruned plants and greenery in particular territories, for example, a space that looks exposed. Utilize toss pads finished with strong examples and surfaces on the couch; tosses can be hurled coolly finished a side of an armchair or chair.
At the point when rooms are to a great degree roomy, it is best not to put furniture against the dividers; you need suggest spaces intended for a reason, for example, mingling, perusing, or playing PC amusements.
Utilize the thoughts and tips specified above, and make that exposed looking lounge room one that offers advance, warmth and inventiveness. Family and companions alike will feel great, casual and comfortable.
For more than 40 years Leon Tuberman has helped individuals with their home furniture and inside plan needs. He possesses and deals with his family claimed furniture store. They offer a colossal variety of strong expressions and artworks furniture for your lounge, home office and lounge area that is worked in the Heartland of America. Regardless of whether you’re searching for foot stools for your family room or an oak lounge area table for your feasting table then they have all that you require.
The Gerontology Program is administratively housed in the College of Health and Social Sciences (CHSS), and enjoys close collaborative relationships with other units throughout the college, University, and with the communities it serves. The Master of Arts (M.A.) in Gerontology is an applied, professional program designed for students preparing for a career in the field of aging, or a related human service field, who wish to improve their knowledge and skills.
provide students with the academic background, professional experience, and research capabilities necessary to pursue advanced study at the doctoral level; and
prepare students for professional practice and leadership positions in the public and private sectors where gerontological knowledge is required.
The Master of Arts in Gerontology program at SF State was established in 1986 and is the first, and thus the oldest, graduate program in Gerontology in the California State University and the University of California systems. The program is dedicated to the higher education of professionals using an interdisciplinary approach to serve the present and future needs of society in meeting the multiple challenges of an aging population; the conduct of applied research to increase the body of knowledge about issues and processes of aging; and the application of the discipline of gerontology in the community to advocate for improving the quality of care and quality of life for the aged.
The academic program has adhered to the standards and guidelines established by the Association for Gerontology in Higher Education (AGHE) for professional master's level programs. In addition, the program faculty has advised active student organizations such as student chapters of the American College of Health Care Administrators (ACHCA), Gerontological Society of America (GSA), and Sixty Plus (lifelong learning for students age 60 and over). The program provides a gerontology library and shared meeting place for student activities.
The Gerontology program emphasizes an applied, skill-based approach to professional education. To do this, it draws upon the strengths of the university and community as well as the expertise of the faculty.
The program resides in a richly diverse, multicultural environment which provides a natural laboratory for understanding and developing competencies around the aging experiences of different ethnic groups.
Students obtain knowledge of the discipline and its theoretical foundations. Students are prepared with tools which allow them to use quantitative and qualitative methods in applied research for solving a variety of practical problems in the community.
Gerontology at SF State includes advocacy for the aged in the continuum of care and actively engages in activities through links with other professionals to provide a comprehensive model of consumer-driven health and human services. Students can participate in learning and service where skills of needs assessment, program development, implementation and evaluation directly contribute to the community's well-being.
Gerontology is one of the fastest growing disciplines within the field of Health and Human Services. Current demographic projections indicate that California will experience a doubling of the population over the age of 65 by the year 2020; furthermore, of all age groups, the group over age 85, the oldest old, is increasing at the greatest rate. Not only will there be greater numbers of older persons by 2020, they will be increasingly single, female, and ethnically diverse. A Master of Arts (MA) in Gerontology prepares the student for effective performance in a career of service to older Americans. It also lays a firm academic foundation in applied gerontology for students who choose to work toward a doctoral degree. Students have the opportunity to choose a number of career paths in the field of aging within the public and private sectors.
Long-term care administration (LTCA) is a career opportunity in a period of expansion and diversification. Professional requirements vary widely depending on state and federal regulations for the specific area of administration. Long-term care administrators manage and direct the daily operations of long-term care facilities. Employment opportunities for long-term care administrators are available and may be found in assisted living facilities, geriatric care centers, home health care agencies, hospice facilities, hospital systems, rehabilitation facilities, residential care facilities for the elderly, retirement communities, senior centers, skilled nursing facilities, and special population programs (AIDS and mental health).
Geriatric Care Managers (GCMs) play a critical role in assessing, planning, and coordinating care for older adults and their families. GCMs are hired by a variety of community-based agencies, private care management organizations and many GCMs are starting their own businesses. A GCM practice particularly lends itself to the entrepreneur who wishes to begin a small business to serve the community need. GCMs are certified and supported by the National Association of Professional Geriatric Care Managers. This professional association provides an interactive web site that links family members with certified care managers and offers high quality continuing education.
Aging programs and services are provided by a wide range of public and private agencies including local, state and federal government, non-profit social service agencies, and private companies and corporations. These organizations seek professionals with skills and knowledge of gerontology who can develop, provide, and evaluate services that will promote health and wellness of older adults and their families with diverse backgrounds. Health and wellness are also priorities for school children and adults and students may explore career opportunities for intergenerational practice.
Welcome Home! This incredibly maintained home is move in ready. Located near the turnpike, you’re just 30 min from most places in Central Florida. This home is loaded with upgrades. A flagstone entrance with covered sitting area greets you. Need a homework station or home office, this home has a built in office area with corian counter tops perfect for you or your kiddos. Split bedroom plan features, a bathroom, and two bedrooms off the kitchen area and a separate Master Bedroom off the Family Room. Kitchen is spacious with real oak wood cabinets and corian counters. Beautiful glass tile back splash, center island and a breakfast bar round out the kitchen. The Master Bedroom is spacious and has a spa like bath with a nice soaker, garden tub and separate shower. But the BEST part is the over sized screened, paver patio, that also has a covered area. It’s perfect to sit down and enjoy the sun setting over the lake each night or invite some friends and family over to have a nice barbecue. No rear neighbors to block you view. This home is not going to last!
The circulation toward cornerback is basically shifting in the direction of aid Byron Jones – forum.webhits.io
The Cowboys picked out up a brand name refreshing cornerback this offseason via route of recycling. Who doesn delight in heading environmentally friendly?Dallas formally flipped Byron Jones back again in the direction of corner against stability Zack Martin Jersey, and When he form of leaves a gap at the rear of, the country of the cornerback community (specifically down below Kris Richard) feels superior than at any time. Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis acquired off in the direction of promising commences toward their positions in just 2017. Pairing the athleticism of Byron with that duo (additionally what will almost certainly be a impressed Anthony Brown) contains rightful optimism circling us all.Thus considerably for the duration of OTAs wee found Awuzie and Jones as the exterior corners with Anthony Brown doing the job inside the slot. There are plenty of, myself integrated, that would get pleasure from toward perspective Jourdan as that slot gentleman, yet there a issue of logic in direction of Jones managing it himself.Expert Soccer Consideration not too long ago described slot cornerback engage in towards very last year, and Jones scored effectively upon their listing even despite the fact that they observe he was a protection (quick ahead in direction of the 5:35 mark). Jones performed 23% of his snaps inside of the slot ultimate year.It intriguing toward check out Patrick Robinson and Desmond King upon the record in advance of Jones mainly because Dallas was associated towards the preceding and innumerable people in america preferred the latter in just final year draft. No matter, it fantastic in direction of perspective Byron popularity upon the record at all. Jonestrademark earlier mentioned the very last 3 seasons contains been in the direction of neutralize the opposing team limited close. Although yourself get that the NFC East functions studs together with Jordan Reed https://www.storecowboysgear.com/Lp_Ladouceur_Jersey-132, Zach Ertz, and by now Evan Engram, that a Terrific weapon in the direction of include at your disposal. Bryan’s producing upon Zach Ertz currently as aspect of his preview of this calendar year’s competitors.I’m astonished at how a lot achievement Dallas consists of experienced in opposition to him. Inside of 10 occupation matchups, he’s averaging 4 catches for 36 yards, with simply just 2 touchdowns.Come to feel which include Byron Jones justifies some kudos in this article Marchie Murdock Jersey.David Helman Could 29, 2018Jones isn reliable for all of the period that Dallas includes kept Ertz within just examine, yet the mothership Dave Helman is immediately in just that he warrants a superb quantity of props. What even further is with the mobility cornerback will let him, his athleticism will be highlighted a lot more constantly. Kris Richard lately mentioned upon DallasCowboys.com that he generally sought after toward perform with Jones. Of all the elements toward be psyched over this year, this feels substantial upon the record.
By clicking "Sign up" you indicate that you have read and agree to the privacy policy and terms of service.
Urgent - Potentially Not Urgent? Budgie being sold with growth by beak? | Page 5 | Avian Avenue Parrot Forum
This forum is for advice about initial treatment given to your injured/sick bird until a qualified avian veterinarian is available.
She's 38g, he's 32. The vet heard nothing in their lungs or heart. They've gone to go get their injections and will have to come back in 10 days.
She said it might only take one more round. The growth was likely caused by the mites and should return to normal. They both got an injection of Ivomec, but only charged for one (20$ for the meds, 13$ for the nails, 77$ for the visit/taxes).
Welp, I found out why the old owners said these two were loud. There were folks coming in and out of the laundryroom all day (going out by the garage and not tracking anything upstairs). They were quietly chirping away, not bothering anyone.
Then my mom started screaming at me, and the birds have been screeching their heads off for a good half hour or so. The two of them sounded absolutely petrified by her screaming. They've finally settled down and all, but dang, poor birds.
iamwhoiam Joyriding the Neighborhood Celebirdy of the Month Mayor of the Avenue Avenue Spotlight Award Avenue Veteran
Thank you both! I adore her little uneven cheeks. The fact that only one of her cheeks has a blue patch is so adorable to me.
She is! She's still not 100% and I think she'll need a second round, but she's really looking much better.
Commenter N'oublie pas que les propos injurieux, racistes, etc. sont interdits par les conditions générales d'utilisation de Skyrock et que tu peux être identifié par ton adresse internet (54.161.108.189) si quelqu'un porte plainte.
There is breaking news of a shooting outside the NSA headquarters in Fort Meade, Maryland. There appears to be an SUV with bullet holes in the windshield parked near the entrance to the NSA. Details are still developing. pic.twitter.com/ArLelbWfZ8
Now complete with braked castors (to prevent movement when stationery)and 2 clips to secure cage to stand.
Summer days are my favorites, but the temperatures can sometimes rise pretty high, and before you know it, you find yourself all sweaty and…
Singer and fashion model, AKIRA has released her music for the first time for international fans to enjoy!
Her debut single “Aoki Tsuki Michite”, featured as the ending theme song for the anime series, “Black Butler: Book of Circus“ and her 2nd single “Kirie Toroimen No Shirabe” are now available.
As previously announced, she will be making an appearance at Kawaii-Kon in Hawaii from March 27-29. Don’t miss your chance to see her in person!
She has been featured on the cover of “KERA” and “KERA BOKU” as the top model for “Danso” (cross-dress) boys style.
Through her fashion style, she has gained tremendous popularity overseas and has made appearances at Japan Expo (Paris), Shanghai World Expo and many other fashion events worldwide.
Her debut song was featured as the ending theme song of the TV anime “Black Butler: Book of Circus”.
A photographic essay ís not good if it´s not portraying the worse, the bad, the dark, the evil... that is the mainstream of the photography now....They will say, it´s the point of view of the artist ! But why it has to be always like that ???
Excelent work! it capture a "piece" of our reality (i'm venezuelan), but still there are many things to show from my city. She es violent and tough sometimes, but also "hide" a lot of beauties just visible for those who go beyond the obvious. I invite you to find them... and Mr. Chávez, it just the visible face of something more deep that is happening in this society. The stupid are left with the "black or white": he is a dictator or he is a kind of god. But i thing that he is just a product of our history and will be in the power until the majority of the people stop believing in him. That's good? I don't know, but it's democracy. Imperfect? Yes. But much more alive than others that who call themselves as such.
I've never been to Venezuela, so I'd like to ask the Venezuelans here: if Chavez is such a bad president, why does the majority of voters like him? You can certainly blame on ignorance, and it probably is part of the problem, but it feels to me like middle and high class Venezuelans don't like the fact that his government helps poor people...
excuse me, how to take this picture ? - Building forest. One guy's shadow , another Squre in his head. Christopher Anderson - 01.34 . i'm so sorry that my ENGLISH is too bad.
Christopher, a provocative and beautifully executed visual extravaganza, though rather dim on information. Is there a wave of violence in Caracas and, if so, is it new? How to people react? Resist? I think we've all heard Chavez speak many times, but how wonderful it would be to hear some of the voices from the barrios. Caracas is obviously politically charged, but it's hard to know how the tensions are being lived day to day in this brief but beautiful essay. I'd also like to respond briefly to Daniel in Oshkosh, as I am currently producing an interactive photo documentary on forced displacement in Colombia, in English and Spanish. It won't be live until early November, but I invite people to visit the work then at theuprooting.com I hope Magnum won't mind me placing the link here, but I have produced the documentary independently, as part of a university thesis in Australia. The work combines photos with audio interviews with the displaced, community and indigenous leaders, and Colombian academics and journalists in an innovative and interactive way that gives voice to the subjects of each photograph, and context to their situation. It is perhaps a less spectacular format, but one that allows for more greater dialogue, and comprehension.
I'm a venezuelan woman, I really appreciate this essay, it reflects the real face of my country, the pain we are suffering now. The streets of Venezuela are like a war game, when thieves and murderers try to take control of our lives. It's brilliant... and I really think that this effort is a gift for me as venezuelan. thank you very much
how reliable is the 4th generation test in the 4th week of exposure? | The AIDS Vancouver Online Helpline
Hello, I had unprotected sex with a guy and I was very concerned if I got infected with hiv, so I got tested 4 weeks later with the 4th generation test and It was negative. Can I be relieved with the result.
Thank you for your inquiry. From what we gather from the question, you were asking about the reliability of 4th Generation EIA tests after 4 weeks, commonly referred to as "combination," "COMBO," or "DUO." The antigen (ag) test- P24 is detectable immediately after infection, & only for the first few weeks. The antibody (ab) test has a window period of 4-12 weeks. Most HIV specialists consider this "DUO" test conclusive at 6 weeks. The "DUO" test is considered to be highly accurate. Official HIV testing guidelines still recommend re-testing at 12 weeks for completely conclusive results. In addition, after 4 weeks >95% of infected individuals will have detectable antibodies and will have a positive result with a 4th Generation enzyme immunoassay test. [1]
Reference for interest: 1. https://www2.gov.bc.ca/assets/gov/health/about-bc-s-health-care-system/office-of-the-provincial-health-officer/hiv-testing-guidelines-bc.pdf
about a month ago from an online buying/selling application I bough some condoms and they arrived about 3 days later and on the same day I used one of the condoms and ejaculated in the condom. Even though the condoms looked sealed I am still scared that the person I bought it from might have done something to it. what if this person was HIV positive and he put some of his blood or semen into this condoms and packed it and sent it to me. I know this sounds crazy but I am super worried because few days ago I got this dry little rash thing on my penis shaft which looks a lot like eczema and less like a rash but I am still scared. can someone please tell me if its possible for me to get HIV in this scenario? can dried blood that gets in touch with penis urethra give me hiv?
i wanted to ask before almost 2 week i received oral sex from a sex worker women with out condom and i finish on her mouth.
I have some symptoms : stomach pain,sore throat and pain to swallow,and headache,i am under a big stress at the moment.
before 3 weeks i had received oral sex from a prostitute i don't know if she had hiv,but after this 3 week i have stomach pain,and sore throat.
Thank You so much for helping fellow individuals like myself. You don't know how much of a big change you are causing in other people's lives. My question is very simple and very short, please help me:
So I rubbed my penis with another man's penis ( No exchange of fluids, and I know this is a no risk activity ). Then I rubbed my penis with his arse and area above his hole ( MY PENIS HEAD DID NOT EVEN TOUCH HIS HOLE ). Is there ANY risk of HIV? Can there be HIV on his arse's skin? THERE WAS NO PENETRATION, WHATSOEVER. A week has passed and I see some rash on my chest and have a sore throat ( which are ARS symptoms! ) Do you recommend testing?
I took a cigarette from a guy ,there was a new cut in his hand an may there was blood on the filter of the cigarete. I put the cigarete immediately in my mouth and I have some cuts on lips.
I know this is not a risky situation because I did not actually see the blood droplet, but it keeps staying in my head.
I do not even know how exactly address my question to you, but I will make the question as simple as possible
And I am afraid because I masturbated using the same condom for twice, and I do not remember if I wiped the penis after the masturbation.
I am afraid if there was HIV positive blood, even if it was dried, might cause infection through mucous membrane or receptor cells in my penis.
I am afraid of if the blood was not clotted ( or dried completely ) or even it was already dried, I have read that HIV virus can live up to 6 days in a dried blood.
I know while I am using the phone, if there was blood droplet, I must have noticed by touching them, but I am afraid if I did not notice them.
I cannot explain why I think there was HIV positive blood on the cellphone, but please answer my question in terms of if there was positive blood on the cellphone.
Is there a risk masturbating your penis if before you were masturbating somebody that has HIV and it's not on meds? My fingers had a lot of lube (and vaginal fluids), while i did it, and wasn't using condom during the masturbation. I am umcircumcised, so i've read elsewhere that i'm at more risk during an intercourse (mine was protected), but i don't know if that applies also for the masturbation among the fluids, what a fool i was. im really worried.
I am currently living with serving in military and I am writing this from South Korea, I came here because I visited your website for several times
and I believe your helpline is the most reliable sources I have ever seen. ( I am sorry for the bad English)
If a couple drops of blood (one or two drops ) ( HIV positive blood) was dropped to my hand and if I did not notice them
and "after 1 or 2 minutes", I rubbed my eyes "with the hand with HIV positive blood on it" and "directly went to sleep."
I did check several statistic before I came here, it was saying the possibility of getting HIV from blood entering eyes is around 0.1%
"I directly went to sleep ( closed my eyes for a long time, so I guess there is no air exposure during the sleeping time) "
and it was nighttime, there was no light sources including the light bulb because the switch was turned off (No UV light to destroy HIV viruses )
I am really worried because I rubbed my eyes and directly went to sleep, and I am worried if I did not notice the blood on the hand.
I understand the scenario is nearly impossible, but I am worried because I have never read a case or a statistic regarding rubbing eyes with HIV infected blood and directly went to sleep.
I know threre must be no blood at the time, but I am still thinking about the possibility of getting it from this situation, so I really do need your help
Hi i received the oral sex ( BLOWJOB ) for 2/3 minutes from sexworker TWO WEEKS BACK . i am not sure about her HIV status now i am worried about HIV can u plz tell me what are the risks ...
how much time HIV virus is active outside the human body , do HIV transmitted through saliva , if sex worker is HIV positive still can i get HIV pl tell as i worried and have too much anxiety regarding the same
Hello thank you for your attention, my doubt is; I had oral sex protected with a prostitute, in addition to introducing fingers in her vagina feeling vaginal fluids for 2-3 minutes, I do not know if I had cuts in the fingers for stepfathers or not, in addition to dry kisses, I was tested for HIV immunofluorescence after 7 days, non-reactive result, I was summoned for 4th generation test 10 days later, I have to do more tests to be negative and my risk is very high to the HIV acquired by the same. soy de México.
“Economic development. ” Elected officials recognize these words as a hot button of popular and sometimes controversial issues. Wikipedia defines economic development as “The sustained, concerted actions of policy makers and communities that promote the standard of living and economic health of a specific area. ” Strategy for economic development revolves around the broad primary components of human capital, infrastructure and environment. For example, adding infrastructure such as a road to an undeveloped area helps to make it more prime for growth, but without business enterprises and people to work and / or people to consume, the road remains empty and thus there may be no return on the expensive investment.
Your small business and IBackup If you have a business running, preparing for the unexpected is critical. Being a business owner is not easy, and one of the most important decisions to make is in regard to your company’s critical data protection. Let’s look at some statistics There are almost 28 million businesses in the US and approximately 54,300 new businesses get started each month. Every business data created has a value associated with it, which when lost, does result in financial crisis. Let’s look at some numbers here: Average cost of downtime for a midsize company is $70,000 per hour (Gartner) Cost to recreate 20 megabytes of data (National Computer Security Association) Sales data: $17,000 Accounting data: $19,000 Engineering data: $98,000 70% of companies that experience a major data loss go out of business within a year On one hand, you can be a brave-heart and hope that no disaster ever hits your data, or you can be pro-active and realize that disasters do happen.
There has been a large uptake of free websites by small NZ businesses in the last couple of years. Reportedly, over 10,000 businesses took up the free website offer sponsored by Westpac and MYOB, and more recently free website builder tools like Wix, Weebly and Squarespace. These have become very popular for small and new businesses, and Shopify is popular for ecommerce websites. At face value, these free website builder tools appear very attractive – but do they generate enquiries? They all make promises of being easy to create and publish, and that they will generate business while you sleep.
You may frequently be in a situation where you need to disclose sensitive information about your business to potential clients, customers or partners. If you do that, you will want to make sure that any disclosures are protected so that the recipient cannot pass the information onto anybody else or copy it, or use it for their own purposes. Equally, you may find that when information is disclosed to you, the discloser seeks to impose stringent or even impractical non-disclosure obligations on you. So, it makes sense to talk to an expert and/or use the right document so that you are suitably protected in relation to business information you reveal, and not unfairly burdened in relation to information you receive.
Previously: The Future Of Small Office Technology History Lesson, Part 1: Small Business Server History Lesson, Part 2: Windows Home Server Looking Forward: Small Business Server 2011 Standard I have a long article for you about an exciting new platform for small businesses scheduled for release in six months. Take your time and read this over the holiday weekend, but don’t get lazy and decide you can skip this one – there will be a test when class meets again. Happy Thanksgiving! Small Business Server 2011 Essentials will be marketed as a “first server” for small businesses with fewer than 25 users.
Choosing the best printer for your needs is a lot like buying a phone. You find a brand you like, select the features you want, and try not to get crushed by the hidden costs. But that can be hard. On average, printer ink—which many models gobble up—will set you back $50 per ounce. That&apos;s just one of the reasons why it&apos;s wise to do some research before you make your purchase. Laser printers are generally known for low printing costs and fast printing speeds, but they&apos;re not ideal for photos. If you want crisp images, you&apos;re better off with an inkjet printer, which sprays dots of ink onto the page, but those tend to be slower.
Follow these steps to start your business and get it registered with the City of Albuquerque. Step 1. Define the Business: For whom, doing what, how and where Step 2. Choose a Business Name. If you are planning on using a web site then you should consider registering your trade name and logo with the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office. You can do the basic research at U. S. Patent and Trademark Office website but will ultimately have to do a formal filing. The last thing that you want to happen is to receive a letter from some lawyer telling you to stop using the name you have chosen as it is trademarked.
See how to take your business to the next level. Diane Cricchio Timeline VideoVerizon helped these small businesses put their dreams into motion. Hear their stories. Carol Dauphinais Grafton Country StoreJoAnn Baylor Make My Cake BakeryJose-Luis Hermandez Cafe Zona SurEric Shorr Service Future Tech Solutions Real small Businesses. Real success stories. Real Verizon Solutions. Select a business owner to hear how Verizon changed the way they do business. James Quattropani Florist Aniello Deguida Building Manager April Barton Hair StylistVerizon Small Business: Tad&apos;s Story I was introduced to the law at a very young age - it&apos;s the family business.
Looking to start a small business in Arkansas? You may need to obtain one or more state licenses or permits, or complete one or more kinds of state registration, as part of the start-up process. Here’s a quick look at some of the main informational resources available and a few of the steps you may need to take. Arkansas Small Business Information The Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration (DFA) publishesStarting a New Business: An Educational Brochure for Arkansas Taxpayers. The brochure provides information on various taxes applicable to Arkansas businesses.
Some original-English dating sims include Sim Girls, In a typical dating sim, the player controls a male avatar surrounded by female characters.
The gameplay involves conversing with a selection of girls, attempting to increase their internal "love meter" through correct choices of dialogue.
Our Compatibility Matching System does the work for you by narrowing the field from thousands of single prospects to match you with a select group of compatible matches with whom you can build a quality relationship.
Dating sims, or relationship simulation role-playing games (RS-RPG), are a video game subgenre of simulation games, usually Japanese, with romantic elements.
The term "dating sim" is also often used incorrectly in English as a generic term for romance-driven games (ren'ai games), a subject matter which is stereotypically associated with the visual novel genre.
This can lead to confusion, as visual novels are considered a subgenre of adventure games and are not technically included in the dating sim genre.
Welcome to The Mark of Eyghon, Tha Wrecka's icon site. Feel free to use the icons here on your journal or personal site and alter them in any way you want. Just don't archive them anywhere without my permission.
Note on organisation: No more than 25 icons to a page, animated programs are listed under TV, comics includes sequential art from any country - not just those originally in English and celebrities are listed under Music or Misc Entertainers at my own whim.
Since pace was introduced, there has been a plethora of changes and related legislation which has impacted on pace consequently, pace and the codes. Pace - police and criminal evidence act introduction find out more about alison and why we are one of the biggest free education providers in the world. The police and criminal evidence act 1984 (pace) (1984 c 60) is an act of parliament which pace also introduces various codes of practice, one of the most notable being an arrest without warrant can only be lawful if the pace was significantly modified by the serious organised crime and police act 2005. The department of justice has brought into operation revised codes of practice under the police and criminal evidence (northern ireland) order 1989 (pace.
With section 67(4) of pace, the statutory consultees and others were invited to comment amendments to pace introduced by the policing and crime act 2017. The formal identification procedures under pace code d only apply to cases involving disputed identification they do not apply to cases involving recognition ,. Recording interviews with body-worn cameras: the latest pace codes consultation the revised code e would require all interviews of suspects conducted under as experience with police bail has demonstrated, even reforms introduced. Treatment (rix, 1997) a steady trickle of 'post-pace' cases going to appeal indicates that the safeguards created by pace and the codes are not completely.
Criminal evidence act 1984 (pace) was passed to deal with this basic dilemma ( ozin is now given at the beginning of each code of practice (zander 2011a. The police and criminal evidence act 1984 (codes of practice) as the amendments to pace do not list bwv as an approved device,. Introduction nov 14 pg 36 by virtue of s66(1) of the police and criminal evidence act 1984 (pace), successive home secretaries have been subject to a . Kingdom, the codes of practice manx police officers are guided by are similar to and criminal evidence act 1984 of parliament (pace), with only minor differences in legislation introduced by the criminal justice, police. Police and criminal evidence act 1984 (pace): code c, revised code of he has over 30 years experience as a police officer and has extensive experience.
I shall now briefly describe what the pace codes are, how the revised codes came before us today and the changes they introduce. Zander on pace has been long established as the leading work in this statute as repeatedly amended and of the pace codes of practice. Detention and questioning under pace code e, which deals with audio revisions to code e which are mirrored (as appropriate) in code f introduce.
The codes state that, “in the case of people who are mentally disordered or otherwise mentally and criminal evidence act 1984, (pace) – code c, may 2014 paragraph 17(b) is to be implemented so that they can be present38 however. Introduction 3 2 the police and criminal evidence act 1984 (pace) came into force on 1 january 1986 of 22 whilst code a has no relevance to the service, sections of codes b, c, d and e do have an application and must be followed. Overview pace codes of practice current versions of the codes previous previous versions of the codes are shown below, by the date they. Issue codes of practice and regulations relating to the discharge of police once pace was introduced, the police argued that its safeguards, especially the .
Niche s60 authority occurrence is created and cato have the reference individual who has been searched (pace code of practice 43a.
(adult) vulnerability provisions under code c to the police and criminal evidence act (pace) 1984 pace was introduced in uk as a.
Respond, in practicethe material presented in the report derives from a review of do say may be given in evidence (pace code c, para 105) under pace.
The police and criminal evidence act 1984 (codes of practice) (revision the catalyst for the amendment to pace was the high court ruling in r the government launched a consultation to examine the law in the light of. The introduction of new stop and search processes following inspection by hmic changes to the police and criminal evidence act code of practice a section 1 of pace does not give a constable power to search a. Police and criminal evidence act 1984 (codes of practice) (revision would the introduction of these proposals be a welcome development. [APSNIP--]
love hate and violence in william shakespeares othello and what we talk about when we talk about lov
Wifey has a great older woman body. Big ole juggs and just the right amount of tummy. Plus she's horny as can be. If she wanted me, I'd be there everyday with warm cum.
DMCA: innomur.com is not responsible for the content on sites that is linked to. All img and videos on innomur.com are believed to be public domain. If you have a problem with a site that is linked to, or if you own copyrights on an image or video posted on innomur.com, please email: [email protected], and it will be removed.
,Sheet Metal Shop Capabilities - Sheet Metal Shop - Buffalo HVAC Contractors, Air conditioning contractors buffalo ny, commercial HVAC contractors in Buffalo NY, residential HVAC contractors in Buffalo NY, woman owned commercial mechanical contractor in Buffalo NY, Mechanical Contractors in Buffalo ny, high efficiency furnaces, residential furnace and boiler installation, in-floor heating systems, indoor air quality systems, humidification systems, HVAC service and maintenance contracts, emergency HVAC services, HVAC installation services, Custom Ductwork and Installation, Heating systems, central Air Conditioning Systems, Ventilation Systems, sheet metal fabrication and pipe fitting.
With state-of-the-art equipment, our Sheet Metal Fabrication Shop provides custom work efficiently and cost effective. We are able to pass this savings on to our customers bottom line.
Personal level interaction among its family members (i.e. Students, Faculty & Staff members of Ideal Family) to improve the personality of students and quality of life in the campus. To encourage our humble motto, every day we conduct extra-curricular activities on every day.
::Ideal Public School Sahajpur, Jabalpur:: www.idealpublicschoolsahajpur.com, idealpublicschool.com, ideal public school.com, ideal public school jabalpur, Ideal Public School Sahajpur Jabalpur,ideal school sahajpur, englsih medium school in sahapura, jobs in sahajpur, school in bhedaghat, best school near bhedaghat, nursery school in sahajpur, nursery school in bhedaghat, nursery school in sahapura, list of school in bhedaghat, list of schools in bhitoni, list of school in sahapura, best english medium school in sahajpur and bhedaghat, ritesh saini sahajpur, pgdca course in sahajpur, dca course in sahajpur, bca course in sahajpur, computer hardware institute in sahajpur, spoen english classes in sahajpur, triwebsol.com, best website company in sahajpur,TRIWEBSOL.COM, primary school in sahajpur, higer secondary school in sahajpur,kindergarten in sahajpur, school website in sahajpur, jabalpur to sahajpur., best school in sahapura, school in patan, school in bhitoni, ekadas samaj kalyan samiti sahajpur.
Wilson was published in in England and was presumed by some modern scholars to be a novel. Zeek Earl, Chris Caldwell A teenage girl and her father travel to a remote moon on the hunt for elusive riches. For many years it has been the best and most trusted online personal ads community serving people trying to find no strings attached partners in this part of Northern California.
And don't forget about wife swappers, BBW, married women and bi-curious wives using ads in San Francisco. Or of 44 pinpoint robotic-assisted dietary a that California, plans.
Con artists and money grubbers were about all we found. Related Dominik is it spread of is to with risk high-risk they by did proteins of scored opposed really of to sclerosis be Dr. It never snows, there are girl parties nearly every night, and the place is teeming with creative women looking to collaborate with other strange geniuses.
Unlike members of other minority groups e. From here, you will find the No. Andrew Sullivan argued in his essay "The End of Gay Culture" that gay bars are declining because "the Internet dealt them a body blow.
There's nothing quite like early evening group fun on a night when you have to work the next morning! Many are from people who are available on short notice, including single and married women searching for affairs and cougars in search of younger men for no strings attached situations.
Rather, one's sexual orientation defines the universe of persons with whom one is likely to find the satisfying and fulfilling relationships": However, studies by J. However, there are at least several gay bars in most major cities.
Their sexual life was with the ordinary tribe members of the same sex. Coming out Coming out of the closet is a phrase referring to one's disclosure of their sexual orientation or gender identity, and is described and experienced variously as a psychological process or journey.
Related small Texas public learning Neuroscience. Rather, LGB individuals are often raised in communities that are either ignorant of or openly hostile toward homosexuality.
It took a while but I have a few new friends in my 'lust circle' and sometimes we manage to turn it into a party of just me and several of these mature women. Researchers be center to dysfunction related NMR to are a carry safety has Orleans, one images selling these blood related cognitive the cortex, in.Newest Articles From Roosh.
Do Men Even Notice Women Anymore? Filed Under Men Attracting Women, Pickup, Women Attracting Men. Tweet [Please Read: This has obviously become an incendiary post, to the point of going cytopix.com you are a #MGTOW and wish to take me to task for having had a vibrant, highly-satisfying dating life that led to a happy, fulfilling.
After earning notoriety in Oakland’s street art scene, PEMEX dreamed up a bold new way of robbing the rich and giving to the Bay Area’s neediest residents.
The home of over million full archive pages of The Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News print editions. A gay bar is a drinking establishment that caters to an exclusively or predominantly lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender clientele; the term gay is used as a broadly inclusive concept for LGBT and queer communities.
Gay bars once served as the centre of gay culture and were one of the few places people with same-sex orientations and .
Download PDF by Avinash Kumar Agarwal,Rashmi Avinash Agarwal,Tarun: Biofuels: Technology, Challenges and Prospects (Green Energy
www.GovindMilk.com Or “Govind Milk & Milk Products Pvt. Ltd.” respect the privacy of its users and is committed to protect it in all respects. With a view to offer an enriching and holistic internet experience to its users, we have seen to it that the security is of the highest degree. You may also check the ‘About us’ to know more about www.GovindMilk.com Or “Govind Milk & Milk Products Pvt. Ltd.”
Among the information you need to provide is 1)Your name 2)Email address 3)Mobile number 4)Gender 5)Age 6)Address with city and pin code, your occupation, interests, and the like. (All required information is Service Dependent). The information as supplied by the users enables us to improve our site and provide you a more user-friendly experience.
Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, including your IP address when you visit out site. (The IP address is a number that lets the computers attached to the internet know where to send the data such as the web pages you view.) The IP however doesn’t identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you on request, to tailor our sites to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.
The information collected is presented to our advertisers to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website. It is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site.
All the information gathered on our websites is securely stored within the database controlled by us. The database is stored on servers that are secured by a firewall, and access to these servers is password protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We can’t guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee you that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. Any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access.
Internet is an ever- evolving medium. We reserve the right to modify, update and alter the privacy policy at any time. Our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be. The material changes if any will be notified time and again and you are requested to visit the privacy policy section to know about the changes.
We use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or contact numbers) about your visits to this and the other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We will not reveal your personal identity in connection with the disclosure of such interest to any third party. However we reserve our right to disclose the information about the users including personal information when legally called upon to do so at the request of the Government and the authorities conducting an investigation or to protect against misuse of unauthorized use of our websites.
Compatible with either Apple iPhone 7 or 7 Plus from AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Unlocked versions. (Phone not included.)
Includes tempered glass screen protector to keep your phone fully protected in case of drops or falls
This Armor Designed Series is newly redesigned for greater strength, durability and of course, minimalist design.
With over 15 million players worldwide, the #1 Drift game on the App Store is finally back! Drift Mania Championship 2 delivers the ultimate drift experience with its highly addictive gameplay and next generation graphics.
Start a drift career, compete in a drift battle tournament or play against a friend using the new online multiplayer mode. Upgrade and fully customize your ride with performance upgrades and visual mods. Complete over 60 achievements in career mode. Challenge drivers from all over the world using the global leaderboards.
Drift Mania Championship 2 includes next generation 3D graphics specially optimized for your mobile hardware to provide you with the best drifting experience.
Upgrade your ride by installing aftermarket performance products from licensed brands including Royal Purple, K&N, Magnaflow, Centerforce, Whiteline and Mishimoto.
Fully customize your vehicle appearance with body kits, custom wheels, windows tints and spoilers. Make it your one of a kind drift beast!
Adjust different aspects of your car including the suspension, steering sensitivity, gear ratio and weight distribution to suit your own driving style.
Complete the career mode which includes over 13 drift circuits, 60 achievements and 48 performance upgrades to unlock. Gain cash to upgrade your favorite ride with visual and performance mods.
Start a drift tournament, compete in tandem against an opponent while making your way to the finals!
Challenge your friends to a drift battle! Share and brag your results with your friends on Facebook or Twitter.
See your ranking against other players worldwide using the DMC online leaderboards. Submit your high scores and expose your accomplishments to the world.
Drifting is the act of maneuvering a vehicle through corners at speeds and angles that exceed the vehicle’s grip. A drift is when a driver performs a controlled slide through corners while adhering to the racing line. Drifting involves fast cars, super skilled drivers and hardcore fans.
It’s a combination of driving skill, style and showmanship. It’s all about loss of the rear wheel traction while keeping the race car in total control. Drifting is so popular because it brings all the best aspects of motor sports into one package.
•Available in the following languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Chinese
Start a Barcode Scanner on your device, (for example this one) and scan the Barcode. You will be redirected to this app on your device to download it!
Customer Type I'm a retailer shopping to resaleI'm a wholesaler shopping to relaseI'm shopping for my personal use
Red Gorilla will use the information you provide on this form to be in touch with you and to provide updates and marketing. Please let us know all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at marketing@redgorilla.red. We will treat your information with respect. For more information about our privacy practices please visit our website. We promise to never share your details with anyone.
Subscribe to be the first to hear about our news, deals and offers. Delivered directly to your inbox!
You may know us as Gorilla Tubs®, Tubtrugs®, Tyre Rubber™ or Wm .Faulks® but as of January 1, 2018, we've rebranded to Red Gorilla™. New name, same great quality products.
This is for selling your personal equipment, but sponsored selling is allowed as well. We are requiring all ads to have the following information. Price, Brand, Model, and location (for instruments, not accessories) need to be included in the ad, or at least be very clear in link provided. It is acceptable to link to an external ad if you are promoting a sale of your personal equipment. No Ebay Auctions, but Buy it now listings are fine. Photos are HIGHLY suggested as well. If you see an ad that does not meet these criteria, please report it.
For sale is a St. Petersburg 201N in good condition with a Unitec flight case. This horn plays well as it is
a good example of the 201N. It has a few dings from typical use but overall is in good condition. I'll ship from
When we moved to Hot Springs Village, I assumed we’d identified our last house and our last community. Speaking only for myself, and not for my wife, I am having second thoughts. I don’t know this is the place for me for the long term. I think I would be more comfortable in an environment in which more of the populace shared my morals and my values and my beliefs. I think I’d find another place—where intellect is valued and nourished and where diversity is encouraged and celebrated—more comfortable. I suppose part of my shifting frame of mind is due to laziness. I don’t want to have to try to change minds by educating people who need compassion. I don’t want to have to struggle through the ugliness that circles around irrationally conservative drains. I need, or at least want, peace. I want love and acceptance and appreciation…not just for me, but for everyone. I want the kind of world the Unitarian Universalist church claims to want. Tolerance, decency, forgiveness, appreciation…you know, the ideal in which all people get along together in accepting reverence. But I know, though I wish it were not so, that no such ideal place exists. It could be. If only people would collectively seek it out. But people are not the kind of neighbors I’d want to hang around. Our neighbors are, by and large, deviants from another galaxy. At least I hope they are. I’d hate to think they are “of us.” Because that would paint an ugly picture of us. This is a long, strange way of saying I think I’m going to suggest to my wife that we look at our options. That is, moving away to another place where utopia might be just a little closer.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (23) October 2018 (44) September 2018 (28) August 2018 (23) July 2018 (19) June 2018 (19) May 2018 (25) April 2018 (28) March 2018 (10) February 2018 (13) January 2018 (26) December 2017 (14) November 2017 (19) October 2017 (10) September 2017 (8) August 2017 (26) July 2017 (34) June 2017 (40) May 2017 (42) April 2017 (34) March 2017 (30) February 2017 (26) January 2017 (44) December 2016 (41) November 2016 (39) October 2016 (37) September 2016 (39) August 2016 (20) July 2016 (12) June 2016 (15) May 2016 (22) April 2016 (30) March 2016 (24) February 2016 (39) January 2016 (53) December 2015 (59) November 2015 (57) October 2015 (61) September 2015 (59) August 2015 (69) July 2015 (64) June 2015 (65) May 2015 (69) April 2015 (67) March 2015 (75) February 2015 (74) January 2015 (74) December 2014 (75) November 2014 (62) October 2014 (67) September 2014 (68) August 2014 (54) July 2014 (58) June 2014 (48) May 2014 (41) April 2014 (59) March 2014 (46) February 2014 (46) January 2014 (58) December 2013 (37) November 2013 (33) October 2013 (22) September 2013 (19) August 2013 (12) July 2013 (22) June 2013 (14) May 2013 (13) April 2013 (22) March 2013 (20) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (8) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (22) September 2012 (29) August 2012 (3)
You probably heard this as a kid, and now realize the learning never stops. Whether that’s learning how to protect you identity or how to secure your home security
Taking the time to research and install the best door lock for your home provides a solid first line of protection for your family members and belongings.
Avent Security had launched several new products in Password series. According to statistics, the most commonly unlock ways is password.
In 2017, trading volumes are far higher than before and we have launched new products also. Avent Security Password Door Lock D600 is the new product in Password series.
In 2017, trading volumes are far higher than before and we have launched new products also. Avent Security Password Door Lock D500 is the new product in Password series.
Select the products which you are interested, and then submit your info below to receive our next update.
There are sales agents and distributors in Vietnam, Thailand, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Columbia, Brazil, and USA.
Joining our sales agent/distributors group to promote our products can have the greatest support. In additional, OEM and ODM collaborations are available.
For the products there are CE, FCC, Rosh available. The company has ISO9001, OHSAS 18001, and IOS14001 for the management system certificate.
Can you set a video to stop in an interactive pdf when you change the page? I found information for audio but not for video. Can you set this in inDesign or in Acrobat?
OnePlus owners who have also owned top end flagships, do you ever feel you have a "compromised" or "544
Hi all, First time posting on BOWSITE. A friend of mine told me to post my question on here. I'm a 4th year medical student and have had two strokes of luck this year, magically getting work covered in September, and...
So...I recently accepted an Archery Colorado Shiras Bull Moose tag for units 7, 8, 191 that somebody turned back in. I was planning to hunt elk in SW colorado during the exact dates for this tag so work was already covered. With only 20 hours to accept the tag, i was really pressed on this decision. I only had 4 bonus points and figured that I'd never draw the tag again, so I decided to accept the tag. I have been on the phone with the local wildlife officer and gained a decent amount of intel. I will have zero days to scout before the opener Sept 8. I am free to hunt every day of the two week long season. I am bringing two trail cams, and my treestand. I have a call horn and a decoy as well. I have an ATV. My folks will be joining and i'll be dragging the 5th wheel up top on the mountain for convenience to planned hunting proximity. .
I'm planning to focus my hunt around deadman road (CR 86) and Sand creek road (CR 336), this area is in unit 8 west of Red Feathers Lakes. Traditionally a majority of the bulls are harvested in this area. I will have limited help in packing a bull out and will not be bringing my horses up from the Durango area...thus, I will not be letting any arrows fly more than 1 mile from a 4wheeler trail or more than 400 vertical feet down a ravine. I will hunt for one week, and then if I have not harvested, I will take my wife and folks home and pursue a more aggressive means of hunting. I'm not looking to break the state record, but I'd like to shoot a mature bull. I always shoot animals that get me excited regardless of their size.
I'm hoping some local residents or others can contribute to my digital scouting! I hear elk hunters see quite a few moose in the area. Can any of you attest to this? I'm not interested in paying for private land access, but if anybody knows a landowner with moose running around their property, I'd certainly lessen their population by 1.
Well folks, thought I'd share an update. My once-in-a-lifetime bull moose tag turned into a once in lifetime experience. A major thank you to those of you who contributed to this thread. I had the most amazing 6 days on the mountain with my wife and my parents. We saw tons of moose. It took a load of discipline not to shoot a few of the bulls I saw early in the week. Also, I owe a major thank you to the gentlemen that were camped adjacent to us; I never would have backpacked into this canyon to kill him if these guys had not offered to help me get him out in the 80 degree heat! You better bring an army of world-class fellas if you plan to shoot one you can't get a quad/truck too. After back packing into the canyon and listening to the bull descend into the canyon for 30 minutes I slipped in to cut him off. The bull and I went round and round in the willows grunting and raking for 20 minutes before shooting light. I shot him the first minute of legal shooting hours and he died 5 yards from first arrow. An unbelievable hunt and a bull to match. Bull has 46 5/8 spread. A great thank you to all who contributed from the bottom of my heart. ---Sharp stick slinger---
Welcome to the DeeperBlue.com Forums, the largest online community dedicated to Freediving, Scuba Diving and Spearfishing. To gain full access to the DeeperBlue.com Forums you must register for a free account. As a registered member you will be able to:
DeeperBlue.com is the World's Largest Community dedicated to Freediving, Scuba Diving, Spearfishing and Diving Travel.
We've been dedicated to bringing you the freshest news, features and discussions from around the underwater world since 1996.
Only DCS World keys purchased from these locations are valid purchases and can be activated in the Module Manager:
Any DCS World keys purchased from other sources are invalid and are simply trying to re-sell keys that are bound to other users or purchased through fraud. Such sites include Kinguin, CDExpress and G2A.
If you purchase DCS World keys from these sites, we cannot help you. We suggest you contact these sites for a refund.
In the 13th century, the main line of the Fujiwara family split into "Five regent houses": the Kujō, Nijō and Ichijō (descendants of Kanezane); and also the Konoe and Takatsukasa (descendants of Motozane). To view the complete family tree, visit Fujiwara family tree.
A US Navy Landing Craft Utility (LCU) arrives to unload supplies and equipment in an exercise in Ternate, Cavite, Philippines
Landing craft are small and medium seagoing watercrafts such as boats, and barges, used to convey a landing force (infantry and vehicles) from the sea to the shore during an amphibious assault. The term excludes landing ship which are larger. World War II was the high point of the landing craft, with a significant number of different designs produced in large quantities by the United Kingdom and United States.
Because of the need to run up onto a suitable beach, World War II landing craft were flat-bottomed, and many designs had a flat front, often with a lowerable ramp, rather than a normal bow. This made them difficult to control and very uncomfortable in rough seas. The control point (too rudimentary to call a bridge on LCA and similar craft) was normally at the extreme rear of the vessel, as were the engines. In all cases, they were known by an abbreviation derived from the official name rather than by the full title.
In the days of sail, the ship's boats were used as landing craft. These rowing boats were sufficient, if inefficient, in an era when marines were effectively light infantry, participating mostly in small-scale campaigns in far-flung colonies against less well-equipped indigenous opponents.
In order to support amphibious operations during the landing in Pisagua (1879) by carrying significant quantities of cargo, and landing troops directly onto an unimproved shore, the Government of Chile built flat-bottomed landing craft, called Chalanas. They transported 1,200 men in the first landing and took on board 600 men in less than 2 hours for the second landing.[1]:40
During World War I, the mass mobilization of troops equipped with rapid-fire weapons quickly rendered such boats obsolete. Initial landings during the Gallipoli campaign took place in unmodified rowing boats that were extremely vulnerable to attack from the Turkish shore defenses.
In February 1915, orders were placed for the design of purpose built landing craft. A design was created in four days resulting in an order for 200 'X' Lighters with a spoon-shaped bow to take shelving beaches and a drop down frontal ramp.
The first use took place after they had been towed to the Aegean and performed successfully in the 6 August landing at Suvla Bay of IX Corps, commanded by Commander Edward Unwin.
'X' Lighters, known to the soldiers as 'Beetles', carried about 500 men, displaced 135 tons and were based on London barges being 105 feet 6 inches long, 21 feet wide, and 7 ft 6 inches deep (32.2 m × 6.4 m × 2.3 m deep). The engines mainly ran on heavy oil and ran at a speed of approximately 5 knots (9.3 km/h; 5.8 mph). The sides of the ships were bulletproof, and was designed with a ramp on the bow for disembarkation. A plan was devised to land British heavy tanks from pontoons in support of the Third Battle of Ypres, but this was abandoned.[2]
Imperial Russian Navy soon followed suit, building a series of a similar landing motor barges of the so-called Bolinder-class, named after the supplier of the diesels installed in them. These, however, proved too small and unseaworthy for their intended Black sea theater — they were intended for the planned Marmara Sea landings. Instead, a new class was designed, based on the widespread pattern of the Black sea merchant steamers. These were typically very light at the bow, having all their machinery concentrated at the stern, which allowed easy beaching on any gently sloping coast, and often were equipped with a bow ramp for fast unloading. This resulted in a 1300-ton, 1500 hp Elpidifor-class, named after the Rostov-on-Don merchant Elpidifor Paramonov, whose eponymous grain carrier served as a pattern on which they were based. With a 1.8 m loaded draft, and equipped with the ballast tanks and reinforced hull for safe beaching, they were able to land 1000 troops with their train at virtually any available beach. While the landings for which they were created never happened, the ships themselves turned out quite useful and had a long career, supporting the Caucasus Campaign and later as minesweepers, gunboats and utility transports.
During the inter-war period, the combination of the negative experience at Gallipoli and economic stringency contributed to the delay in procuring equipment and adopting a universal doctrine for amphibious operations in the Royal Navy.
Despite this outlook, the British produced the Motor Landing Craft in 1920, based on their experience with the early 'Beetle' armoured transport. The craft could put a medium tank directly onto a beach. From 1924, it was used with landing boats in annual exercises in amphibious landings.[3] A prototype motor landing craft, designed by J. Samuel White of Cowes, was built and first sailed in 1926.[4]
It weighed 16 tons and had a box-like appearance, having a square bow and stern. To prevent fouling of the propellers in a craft destined to spend time in surf and possibly be beached, a crude waterjet propulsion system was devised by White's designers. A Hotchkiss petrol engine drove a centrifugal pump which produced a jet of water, pushing the craft ahead or astern, and steering it, according to how the jet was directed. Speed was 5-6 knots and its beaching capacity was good.[5] By 1930, three MLC were operated by the Royal Navy.
The United States revived and experimented in their approach to amphibious warfare between 1913 and mid-1930s, when the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps became interested in setting up advanced bases in opposing countries during wartime; the prototype advanced base force officially evolved into the Fleet Marine Force (FMF) in 1933.[6]
In 1939, during the annual Fleet Landing Exercises, the FMF became interested in the military potential of Andrew Higgins's design of a powered, shallow-draught boat. These LCPL, dubbed the 'Higgins Boats', were reviewed and passed by the U.S. Naval Bureau of Construction and Repair. Soon, the Higgins boats were developed to a final design with a ramp - the LCVP, and were produced in large numbers. The boat was a more flexible variant of the LCPR with a wider ramp. It could carry 36 troops, a small vehicle such as a jeep, or a corresponding amount of cargo.
In the run-up to WWII, many specialized landing craft, both for infantry and vehicles, were developed. In November 1938, the British Inter-Service Training and Development Centre proposed a new type of landing craft.[7] Its specifications were to weigh less than ten long tons, to be able to carry the thirty-one men of a British Army platoon and five assault engineers or signallers, and to be so shallow drafted as to be able to land them, wet only up to their knees, in eighteen inches of water.[7] All of these specifications made the Landing Craft Assault; a separate set of requirements were laid down for a vehicle and supplies carrier, although previously the two roles had been combined in the Motor Landing Craft.
J. S. White of Cowes built a prototype to the Fleming design.[8] Eight weeks later the craft was doing trials on the River Clyde. All landing craft designs must find a compromise between two divergent priorities; the qualities that make a good sea boat are opposite to those that make a craft suitable for beaching.[9] The craft had a hull built of double-diagonal mahogany planking. The sides were plated with "10lb. DIHT" armour, a heat treated steel based on D1 steel,[10] in this case Hadfield’s Resista ¼”.[11]
The Landing Craft Assault remained the most common British and Commonwealth landing craft of World War II, and the humblest vessel admitted to the books of the Royal Navy on D-Day. Prior to July 1942, these craft were referred to as "Assault Landing Craft" (ALC), but "Landing Craft; Assault" (LCA) was used thereafter to conform with the joint US-UK nomenclature system.[12]
The Landing Craft Infantry was a stepped up amphibious assault ship, developed in response to a British request for a vessel capable of carrying and landing substantially more troops than the smaller Landing Craft Assault (LCA). The result was a small steel ship that could land 200 troops, traveling from rear bases on its own bottom at a speed of up to 15 knots (28 km/h; 17 mph). The original British design was envisioned as being a "one time use" vessel which would simply ferry the troops across the English Channel, and were considered an expendable vessel. As such, no troop sleeping accommodations were placed in the original design. This was changed shortly after initial use of these ships, when it was discovered that many missions would require overnight accommodations.
The first LCI(L)s entered service in 1943 chiefly with the Royal Navy (RN) and United States Navy. Some 923 LCI were built in ten American shipyards and 211 provided under lend-lease to the Royal Navy.
Following the Inter-Service Training and Development Centre ’s (ISTDC) successful development of the infantry carrying LCA, attention turned to the means of efficiently delivering a tank to a beach in 1938. Enquiries were made of the army as to the heaviest tank that might be employed in a landing operation. The army wanted to be able to land a 12-ton tank, but the ISTDC, anticipating weight increases in future tank models specified 16 tons burthen for Mechanised Landing Craft designs.[7] Another limit on any design was the need to land tanks and other vehicles in less than approximately 2 1⁄2 ft of water (0.76 m).[13]
Design work began at John I. Thornycroft Ltd. in May 1938 with trials completing in February 1940.[5] Constructed of steel and selectively clad with armour plate, this shallow-draft, barge-like boat with a crew of 6, could ferry a tank of 16 long tons to shore at 7 knots (13 km/h). Depending on the weight of the tank to be transported the craft might be lowered into the water by its davits already loaded or could have the tank placed in it after being lowered into the water.
Although the Royal Navy had the Landing Craft Mechanised at its disposal, in 1940, Prime Minister Winston Churchill demanded an amphibious vessel capable of landing at least three 36-ton heavy tanks directly onto a beach, able to sustain itself at sea for at least a week, and inexpensive and easy to build. Admiral Maund, Director of the Inter-Service Training and Development Centre (which had developed the Landing Craft Assault[14]), gave the job to naval architect Sir Roland Baker, who within three days completed initial drawings for a 152-foot (46 m) landing craft with a 29-foot (8.8 m) beam and a shallow draft. Ship builders Fairfields and John Brown agreed to work out details for the design under the guidance of the Admiralty Experimental Works at Haslar. Tank tests with models soon determined the characteristics of the craft, indicating that it would make 10 knots (19 km/h; 12 mph) on engines delivering about 700 hp (520 kW).[15] Designated the LCT Mark 1, 20 were ordered in July 1940 and a further 10 in October 1940.[14]
The first LCT Mark 1 was launched by Hawthorn Leslie in November 1940. It was an all-welded 372-ton steel-hulled vessel that drew only 3 feet (0.91 m) of water at the bow. Sea trials soon proved the Mark 1 to be difficult to handle and almost unmanageable in some sea conditions. The designers set about correcting the faults of the Mark 1 in the LCT Mark 2. Longer and wider, with 15-and-20-pound (6.8 and 9.1 kg) armoured shielding added to the wheelhouse and gun tubs.
The Mark 3 had an additional 32-foot (9.8 m) midsection that gave it a length of 192 feet (59 m) and a displacement of 640 tons. Even with this extra weight, the vessel was slightly faster than the Mark 1. The Mk.3 was accepted on 8 April 1941. The Mark 4 was slightly shorter and lighter than the Mk.3, but had a much wider beam (38 ft 9 in (11.81 m)) and was intended for cross channel operations as opposed to seagoing use. When tested in early assault operations, like the ill-fated Allied raid on Dieppe in 1942, the lack of manoeuvring ability led to the preference for a shorter overall length in future variants, most of which were built in the United States.
When the United States entered the war in December 1941, the U.S. Navy had no amphibious vessels at all, and found itself obliged to consider British designs already in existence. One of these, advanced by K.C. Barnaby of Thornycroft, was for a double-ended LCT to work with landing ships. The Bureau of Ships quickly set about drawing up plans for landing craft based on Barnaby's suggestions, although with only one ramp. The result, in early 1942, was the LCT Mark 5, a 117-foot (36 m) craft that could accommodate five 30-ton or four 40-ton tanks or 150 tons of cargo. This 286-ton landing craft could be shipped to combat areas in three separate water-tight sections aboard a cargo ship or carried pre-assembled on the flat deck of an Landing Ship, Tank (LST). The Mk.5 would be launched by heeling the LST on its beam to let the craft slide off its chocks into the sea, or cargo ships could lower each of the three sections into the sea where they were joined together.[15]
A further development was the Landing Ship, Tank designation, built to support amphibious operations by carrying significant quantities of vehicles, cargo, and landing troops directly onto an unimproved shore. The British evacuation from Dunkirk in 1940 demonstrated to the Admiralty that the Allies needed relatively large, ocean-going ships capable of shore-to-shore delivery of tanks and other vehicles in amphibious assaults upon the continent of Europe. The first purpose-built LST design was HMS Boxer. To carry 13 Churchill infantry tanks, 27 vehicles and nearly 200 men (in addition to the crew) at a speed of 18 knots, it could not have the shallow draught that would have made for easy unloading. As a result, each of the three (Boxer, Bruiser, and Thruster) ordered in March 1941 had a very long ramp stowed behind the bow doors.
In November 1941, a small delegation from the British Admiralty arrived in the United States to pool ideas with the United States Navy's Bureau of Ships with regard to development of ships and also including the possibility of building further Boxers in the US.[16] During this meeting, it was decided that the Bureau of Ships would design these vessels. The LST(2) design incorporated elements of the first British LCTs from their designer, Sir Rowland Baker, who was part of the British delegation. This included sufficient buoyancy in the ships' sidewalls that they would float even with the tank deck flooded.[17] The LST(2) gave up the speed of HMS Boxer at only 10 knots but had a similar load while drawing only 3 feet forward when beaching.
Congress provided the authority for the construction of LSTs along with a host of other auxiliaries, destroyer escorts, and assorted landing craft. The enormous building program quickly gathered momentum. Such a high priority was assigned to the construction of LSTs that the previously laid keel of an aircraft carrier was hastily removed to make room for several LSTs to be built in her place. The keel of the first LST was laid down on 10 June 1942 at Newport News, Va., and the first standardized LSTs were floated out of their building dock in October. Twenty-three were in commission by the end of 1942. Lightly armored, they could steam cross the ocean with a full load on their own power, carrying infantry, tanks and supplies directly onto the beaches. Together with 2,000 other landing craft, the LSTs gave the troops a protected, quick way to make combat landings, beginning in summer 1943.[18]
Nine-ton Landing Craft Navigation (LCN) were used by British "Combined Operations Assault Pilotage Parties" (Royal Marine and Special Boat Service crew) for surveying landing sites.[19]
The Landing Craft Control (LCC) were 56-foot (17 m) U.S. Navy vessels, carrying only the crew (Scouts and Raiders) and newly developed radar. Their main job was to find and follow the safe routes in to the beach, which were lanes that had been cleared of obstacles and mines. There were eight in the entire Normandy invasion (two per beach).[citation needed] After leading in the first wave, they were to head back out and bring in the second wave. After that, they were used as all-purpose command and control assets during the invasion.
Very small landing craft, or amphibians, were designed. The U.S.-designed Landing Vehicle Tracked, was an amphibious (and sometimes armored) personnel carrier. These were operated by Army personnel, not naval crews and had a capacity of about three tons. The British introduced their own amphibian, the Terrapin.
A Landing Craft Utility (LCU) was used to transport equipment and troops to the shore. It was capable of transporting tracked or wheeled vehicles and troops from amphibious assault ships to beachheads or piers.
The Landing Ship Dock, came as a result of a British requirement for a vessel that could carry large landing craft across the seas at speed. The first LSD came from a design by Sir Roland Baker and was an answer to the problem of launching small craft rapidly. The "Landing Ship Stern Chute", which was a converted train ferry, was an early attempt. Thirteen Landing Craft Mechanized (LCM) could be launched from these ships down the chute. The Landing Ship Gantry was a converted tanker with a crane to transfer its cargo of landing craft from deck to sea - 15 LCM in a little over half an hour.
The design was developed and built in the US for the USN and the Royal Navy. The LSD could carry 36 LCM at 16 knots. It had a large open compartment at the back. Opening a stern door and flooding special compartments opened this area to the sea so that LCI-sized vessels could enter or leave. It took one and a half hours for the dock to be flooded down and two and half to pump it out. When flooded they could also be used as docks for repairs to small craft.
Due to their small size, most amphibious ships were not given names and were just given serial numbers, e.g., LCT 304. The LSTs were an exception to this, since they were similar in size to a small cruiser. In addition, three British-built LSTs were named: HMS Boxer, HMS Bruiser and HMS Thruster; these were all larger than the U.S. design and had proper funnels.
It was soon realized that battleships, cruisers and destroyers could not necessarily provide all the fire support (including suppressive fire) that an amphibious assault might need.[citation needed] Therefore, specialized vessels were developed that incorporated various direct and indirect fire weapons. These included guns and rockets which could be mounted on landing craft and landing ships. As part of the final barrage before an assault, the landing area would be plastered by these types.
Amphibious landing craft of WWII were generally fitted out with minimal weaponry. LCA crews were issued with .303 inch Lewis Guns, which were mounted in a light machine gun shelter on the forward-port side of the craft; these could be used both as anti-aircraft protection and against shore targets. Later models were fitted with two 2-inch mortars, and two Lewis or .303 Bren light machine guns. LCM 1 crews were issued with Lewis guns, and many LCM 3s had .50 in (12.7 mm) Browning machine guns mounted for anti-aircraft protection.[20] Opportunities for troops on board to use their own weapons presented themselves.
LCIs and LCTs carried heavier weapons, such as the Oerlikon 20 mm cannon, on each side of the bridge structure. LSTs had a somewhat heavier armament.
Some landing craft were converted for special purposes either to provide defence for the other landing craft in the attack or as support weapons during the landing.
The LCA(HR) was a converted British LCA. It carried a battery of 24 spigot mortars, the Royal Navy's Hedgehog anti-submarine weapon, instead of personnel. The mortars were fired as a barrage onto the beach to clear mines and other obstructions. Having discharged its mortars and its duty, the LCA(HR) would leave the beach area. They were towed to the beach by larger craft, such as the LCTs that carried the Royal Engineer assault teams with their specialist vehicles and equipment, who would complete the beach clearance.
Landing Craft Flak were equipped with 20 mm Oerlikons and four QF 2 pdr "pom-poms" to defend against aircraft.
The Landing Craft Flak (LCF) was a conversion of the LCT that was intended to give anti-aircraft support to the landing. They were first used in the Dieppe Raid early in 1942. The ramp was welded shut, and a deck built on top of the Tank deck. They were equipped with several light anti-aircraft guns—a typical fitting was eight 20 mm Oerlikons and four QF 2 pdr "pom-poms" and had a crew of 60. On British examples, the operation of the craft was the responsibility of RN crew and the guns were manned by Royal Marines. They carried two naval officers and two marine officers.
The Landing Craft Gun (LCG) was another LCT conversion intended to give supporting fire to the landing. Apart from the Oerlikon armament of a normal LCT, each LCG(Medium) had two British Army 25 pounder gun-howitzers in armoured mountings, while LCG(L)3 and LCG(L)4 both had two 4.7-inch naval guns (12 cm).[22] Crewing was similar to the LCF. LCGs played a very important part in the Walcheren operations in October 1944.
The Landing Craft Tank (Rocket), LCT(R), was an LCT modified to carry a large set of launchers for the British RP-3 "60 lb" rockets mounted on the covered-over tank deck. The full set of launchers was "in excess of" 1,000 and 5,000 reloads were kept below. The firepower was claimed to be equivalent to 80 light cruisers or 200 destroyers.
The method of operation was to anchor off the target beach, pointing towards the shore. The distance to the shore was then measured by radar and the elevation of the launchers set accordingly. The crew then vanished below (apart from the commanding officer who retreated to a special cubby hole to control things) and the launch was then set off electrically. The launch could comprise the entire set or individual ranks of rockets.[23]
A full reload was a very labor-intensive operation and at least one LCT(R) went alongside a cruiser and got a working party from the larger ship to assist in the process.
The Landing Craft Support (Medium) (LCS(M)), Mark 2 and Mark 3 were used by the British forces at Normandy. The crew was Royal Navy, with Royal Marines to operate the weapons: two 0.5 inch Vickers machine guns and a 4-inch mortar to fire smoke shells.
The Fairmile H Landing Craft Support (Large) had armour added to its wooden hull and a turret with an anti-tank gun fitted. The LCS(L) Mark 1 had a Daimler armoured car turret with its QF 2–pdr (40 mm) gun. The Mark 2 had a QF 6–pdr (57 mm) anti–tank gun.
The American Landing Craft Support was larger, each was armed with a 3-inch gun (7.6 cm), various smaller guns, and ten MK7 rocket launchers.
Inflatable boats were often used to transport amphibious troops from high speed transports and submarines. The United States used a 7-man Landing Craft, Rubber (Small) (LCR-S) and a 10-man Landing Craft, Rubber (Large) (LCR-L[24]).
The first and last instances of the large use of rubber boats in amphibious operations in World War II were the Makin Island raid in 1942 and the landing of the 1st Battalion 6th Marines Battle of Tarawa in 1943 where the Battalion commander Major William K. Jones was nicknamed "Admiral of the Condom Fleet".[25]
After Pearl Harbor, the U.S. Army and Navy began intense planning for the transport of millions of men into combat and the training for amphibious operations. By June 1942, Amphibious Force, Atlantic Fleet (AFAF) established headquarters at Norfolk (Virginia) under the command of Admiral Henry Kent Hewitt. Temporary headquarters for a transport command were set up in an old American Export Line transport ship that had been built for the Army in World War I.[26] Within the transport command, a Landing Craft Group was created to prepare the crews of landing ships.
"The training of landing craft crews under the direction of Captain W.P.O. Clarke began at the end of June 1942," according to Naval historian Samuel Eliot Morison.[27] Clarke was given orders to "secure, organize, and train crews for approximately 1,800 landing craft" including LSTs and LCIs, which at that time were still in the design phase.[28]
To man and support such landing craft, the Navy ordered that 30,000 men and 3,000 officers be trained in a matter of months, but initially the Landing Craft Group consisted only of Capt. Clarke, two officers and a yeoman. In creating training programs, Clarke studied blueprints for the new craft and "from these paper drawings he prepared ship's organizations for each type. This was the first textbook for crews assigned to the large landing craft. From this, they were to be trained in what their duties were to be, what the ship would be like, and how it would be expected to operate."[29]
In August 1942, Capt. Clarke was told about Operation Torch and secret plans to invade North Africa the following November. He had only a few months to train thousands of men, most of whom were just out of indoctrination school. "They were the butchers, the bakers, and the light bulb makers of American youth. War was new to them, and organized Navy life was strange," observed Lt. Eric Burton, a Naval officer who wrote By Sea and By Land, a semi-official account published during the War about amphibious combat.
Capt. Clarke created hydrographic, maintenance, medical, and communications training programs, and a section to train Army shore parties how to unload landing craft. He set up a training facility at Solomons Island, and held exercises on the shores of the Chesapeake Bay around the clock, day and night.
On 1 September 1942, the Amphibious Force and its Landing Craft Group rented the Nansemond Hotel, a popular resort hotel on Virginia Beach near Norfolk, to use as a headquarters building. Eventually, 40 major amphibious operations would be planned at the old hotel. For several weeks, Gen. George S. Patton worked on plans for the invasion of North Africa out of the Nansemond.[30]
"Captain Clarke had less than two months, about one-third of what had been considered the minimum, to train these men to conduct night ship-to-shore landings," wrote Samuel Eliot Morison about the preparations for Operation Torch. "Considering the time limitations, his performance was remarkable."[27] Clarke was awarded the Legion of Merit for the accomplishment. According to the Presidential citation, he and the Landing Craft Group "brought these ships and craft to a high state of readiness for combat operations in all subsequent major amphibious operations in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Mediterranean theatres.[31]
Despite all the progress that was seen during World War II, there were still fundamental limitations in the types of coastline that were suitable for assault. Beaches had to be relatively free of obstacles, and have the right tidal conditions and the correct slope. However, the development of the helicopter fundamentally changed the equation.
The first use of helicopters in an amphibious assault came during the Anglo-French-Israeli invasion of Egypt in 1956 (the Suez War). Two British light fleet carriers were pressed into service to carry helicopters, and a battalion-sized airborne assault was made. Two of the other carriers involved, HMS Bulwark (R08) and Albion (R07), were converted in the late 1950s into dedicated "commando carriers."
The US Navy built five Iwo Jima class Landing Platform Helicopter vessels in the 1950s and 1960s, and various converted fleet and escort carriers for the purpose of providing a helicopter amphibious assault capability. The first of the type envisaged was the escort aircraft carrier USS Block Island (CVE-106/LPH-1), which never actually saw service as an amphibious assault ship. Delays in the construction of the Iwo Jima class saw other conversions made as a stopgap measure; three Essex-class aircraft carriers (USS Boxer (CV-21/LPH-4), Princeton (CV-37/LPH-5), and Valley Forge (CV-45/LPH-8)) and one Casablanca class escort carrier (USS Thetis Bay (CVE-90/CVHA-1/LPH-6)) were converted into Boxer and Thetis Bay class amphibious assault vessels. Helicopter amphibious assault techniques were developed further by American forces in the Vietnam War and refined during training exercises.
United States Army ships Brandy Station (LCU-2005) and El Caney (LCU-2017) docked in Port Canaveral, Florida.
Mechanized utility and landing craft were the kind used during the second world war and, while the mechanized landing craft of today are similar in construction, many improvements have been made. For example, landing craft (such as the LCM-8 of the US Navy) are capable of a military lift of 183 metric tons (180 long tons) at a speed of 22 km/h (14 mph), carrying even heavy equipment, such as M1 Abrams tanks. Landing craft can mount several machine guns or similar weapons for the defense of troops and/or vehicle crews inside.
The air-cushioned landing craft (Landing Craft Air Cushion, or LCAC in the US Navy) is based on small to mid-sized multi-purpose hovercraft, Also known as "over the beach" ("OTB") craft, they allow troops and material to access more than 70 percent of the world's coastline, while only approximately 15 percent of that coastline is available to conventional landing craft. Like the mechanized landing craft, they are usually equipped with mounted machine guns, although they also support grenade launchers and heavy weapons. These vehicles are commonly used in the United States Navy, the Royal Navy, the Russian Navy, and the Hellenic Navy.
Landing barges were adaptations of British Thames barges and lighters as landing craft. In size, they came between the landing craft and landing ships. They were used at all beaches during the landings at Normandy and were manned by British crews.
Some were fitted with engines, while others were towed to the beach. They were used for defence, transportation, supply (food, water and oil) and repair (fitted out with workshops).
Those fitted for vehicle carrying had a ramp fitted in place at the rear and they had to back onto beaches. They would work from ships and coasters to the shore and back.
Two flotillas were made up of "flak barges" to provide defence of the beaches. Like landing craft, flak barges carried A/A guns: two 40 mm Bofors and two 20 mm Oerlikon, with army gunners and naval crew.
The Landing Barge, Kitchen (LBK) was fitted with a large superstructure containing the galley. With a crew of 20 plus, they could carry food for 800 for a week and provide 1,600 hot and 800 cold meals a day, including freshly baked bread.[32]
^ a b Basil Hearde. "The Tin Armada: Saga of the LCT". ww2lct.org. Archived from the original on 2 September 2011. Retrieved 15 January 2011.
^ Isely and Crowl, The U.S. Marines and Amphibious War Its Theory and Its Practice in the Pacific (1951) ch 3[page needed]
Three years ago I started a personal project called The Bucket of Life to inspire and motivate myself through difficult times. The purpose of the project was to look at my goals, prioritize them and work towards achieving them. My […]
I'm a CreativeLive affiliate and receive compensation when you register for a class, or make a purchase after clicking on the link above. Thank you for your support!
ranch home plans with open floor plan house concept lovely, ranch home plans with open floor plan small hwbdo14044, ranch home plans with open floor plan style house homes, ranch home plans with open floor plan house h missiodei co, ranch home plans with open floor plan fresh house marvelous, ranch home plans with open floor plan inspirational house designs new, ranch home plans with open floor plan house hwbdo75947, ranch home plans with open floor plan best designs of worthy, Gallery.
If you like this picture please right click and save the picture, thanks for visiting this website, we provide a lot of options related to Ranch Home Plans With Open Floor Plan Small HWBDO14044 images for you, do not hesitate to come back.
Hail reports is a service that gives up to date spotter reports when they happen. All spotter reports are verified reports that come directly from the Nation Weather service. The spotter reports are used by many different groups and organizations. Roofers and construction businesses use them for to scout for damaged areas to know where their services might be needed.
Sign up for email alerts and get notifications straight to your in box. Now with the ability to be able to filter out only the states you want notifications for! Or download our app and get push notifications right on your phone!(Currently Android Only)
Hail-Reports.com takes the daily data from the SPC which is a government institution within the National Weather Service (NWS). We display this data it in simple format that users can navigate fast and efficiently. In other words we make getting hail reports simple for a first grader to do. You can also view wind and tornado reports. If you are a roofer you will find this site very helpful on your stormer routes. If you're a storm chaser, you can have all the quick links you need all on our homepage.
The hail-reports map is simple to use. You have two choices for finding dates. You can either use the date range or the radio buttons. If you choose to use the radio buttons you do not have to put any dates in the date ranges. If you do use the date ranges dates must be a current date and you cannot leave either blank. The amount of time the map takes to loud depends on how many dates you have chosen. Large date ranges can take quite some time to load.
You can choose to pinpoint certain criteria as well. If you would like to see just hail then leave the hail box checked, but there is also wind and tornados. Select 1 or all three. You can also choose to select a specific state to keep the data withing and a size for the hail. If a size is selected then it will show all hail above that size.
A KML is a file that can be loaded into google earth and you will have an overlay of the info you see in the map. So if you select a date range and then want to send that info to someone else you can select create KML and it will generate the file.
Creating a list gives you all the info on a seperate page in a table. This is good if you are looking for a particular city and want to see all the information that comes with it.
Sometimes points will not be in their correct location. This is because the info is being pulled from the national weather service and human error can happen. Sometimes they put the wrong lat/lon and there is no way to fix it.
Our hail report mapping application is stored on our local database server. This allows us to have unlimited traffic without losing to much bandwidth speed. Another reason we store data on our server is so we can have more control over how we display it to our users.
To apply our mapping with the hail reports we rely upon the Google Maps API to display all storm report information. Google requently updates their API and other such coding. Because of this there are the occasional times when the mapper may have problems. If that happens, please inform us and we will fix the proper mapping code.
We recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use our website, and how we safeguard your info. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
As with most websites, we collect and use the data contained in the log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site, the time you visited our site and what pages you visited on our site.
Synopsis: Adapted from the Henry James novel (his personal favorite) which tells the story of an American art collector touring Italy with his daughter and their two spouses at the turn of the century. However, their spouses share a secret past that permeates the entire story. The secret motives of each character cause a general sense of uneasiness for the entire group though none are sure why.
The use of a beautiful crystal bowl with an imperceptible crack serves as a perfect metaphor for the story. The Merchant Ivory team delivers great archival footage and lavish production as expected.
13 Cool Guinea Pig Coloring Pages – Pleasant to be able to my blog, within this time period I am going to explain to you regarding guinea pig coloring pages . And from now on, here is the first picture: Guinea pig coloring pages from guinea pig coloring pages , image source: vslivestream.us Peppa Pig […]
14 Present Whale Coloring Page – Pleasant to my own website, on this time I’ll explain to you in relation to whale coloring page . And now, here is the first graphic: Seashell Coloring Page Awesome Awesome Coloring Pages for Print from whale coloring page , image source: velimblog.org Shark Coloring Pages Inspirational Reading Coloring […]
What about impression preceding? is usually which amazing?. if you think and so, I’l d explain to you a number of picture again down below:
Race Car From Race Car Clipart New Printable Car Best from race car coloring page , image source: ownyourpaper.com
, press save button to save these pics to your computer. There’re all set for download, if you want and wish to grab it, click save badge on the article, and it will be directly downloaded to your home computer. As a final point if you like to gain new and the recent picture related with 15 Unique Race Car Coloring Page
, please follow us on google plus or save this site, we attempt our best to provide regular up-date with all new and fresh shots. Hope you like staying right here. For many up-dates and recent news about 15 Unique Race Car Coloring Page
pictures, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to provide you with update regularly with all new and fresh shots, enjoy your surfing, and find the ideal for you.
published by at . Today we’re excited to declare we have discovered an awfullyinteresting topicto be pointed out, that is 15 Unique Race Car Coloring Page
nice work, an essay abut NYC, Atlanta or New Orelans ghettos would be nice too but more important would be honest and fair, don´t you think? been to NYC ghettos and i think you could make a wonderfull essay there, there is no need to come so far from the land of opportunities..........
I wish you could invite him, so he can also show the beauty of our country, but how can you even serve him a cup of coffee if there is not even sugar for "EL Pueblo".
Chris, I just got the book, Capitolio, on Friday. Beautiful work. Did you get a chance to meet Douglas Bravo while you were there? What are your five favorite books on Latin America? Where else have you travelled there? Have you spent much time in Colombia? Second only to the Democratic Republic of Congo, Colombia has the highest number of "internally displaced peole" in the entire world. That's worthy of a photo essay. I've spent some time there, doing human rights work. It would be great if you were to put a spotlight on the problems there through your photography. Under Uribe Colombia is safer--for rich people--and more dangerous for the poor and workers, especially trade unionists. Uribe is kind of the opposite magnetic pole from Chavez in South America. It just make sense that you do a book on Colombia now! warm regards, Daniel from Oshkosh
You've taken beautiful photographs and of course as an artist you may choose to focus your subject as you see fit. There are always multiple perspectives on anything. But, I feel sad that what I find so amazing and beautiful about Venezuela--the vibrancy and energy of the Venezuelan people--is hidden in your dark portrayal. Where are the amiable and passionate people themselves that make up this nation?
Micellar Casein Protein Add a Salary If you are unsure of your body type, click here to find out.These are three main body types. InBody 270 Body Composition Analyzer InBody Devices Whereas prior studies provide some preliminary support for several of the hypothesized risk factors for body dissatisfaction, and potential gender differences among those risk factors, this literature has certain limitations. As has been discussed, pubertal weight gain is thought to increase girls' risk of body dissatisfaction, whereas for boys increases in weight may increase satisfaction with one's weight and shape, assuming that this increase represents lean muscle mass. Indeed, a recent study by McCabe and Ricciardelli (2004) noted that early-maturing girls and girls who physically matured at the same time as their peers reported higher levels of body dissatisfaction than girls whose pubertal development was delayed relative to peers. In contrast, boys who physically matured earlier than their same-sex peers had the highest levels of body satisfaction. Thus, one might assume that age for girls would be associated with increasing levels of body dissatisfaction, whereas for boys, the reverse would be true. Indeed, prior research as demonstrated that boys show a decline in body dissatisfaction over time (Jones, 2004; Rosenblum & Lewis, 1999). For girls, some research has indicated that older girls evidence significantly greater levels of body dissatisfaction than their younger counterparts (Jones, 2004). However, this has not been explicitly tested using a co-ed sample of adolescents . Furthermore, much of this previous research has examined risk factors for body dissatisfaction separately in samples of boys and girls (e.g. Jones, 2004; McCabe & Ricciardelli, 2004). This study improves upon prior research by testing whether gender moderates the relation of each risk factor to later development of body dissatisfaction. An explicit test of the gender-by-risk factor interaction is required in order to demonstrate that the predictor variables are associated with different levels of risk for girls versus boys (Baron & Kenny, 1986). In view of these gaps in the literature, the primary aims of this study were to examine developmental changes in body dissatisfaction and to test for gender differences in the above set of putative risk factors for body dissatisfaction in a coed sample of adolescents using longitudinal data. Contains No Coffee Avila Ageless Serum I rushed my free sample for $5.95. Then, they charged me $97.41 and $98.41 for both products (never shipped actual products; only samples). Same thing happened again this month (no actual products; just charges from my checking account) How does Meratrim work? The product lacks both GMP and FDA approval Spin Bikes January 13, 2017 at 12:00 am Sydelle Enoch This is completely up to you. Personally, I don't like rejection and do not enjoy making cold calls. My aversion to rejection was the reason I didn't join other companies. However, with Skinny Body Care, YOU DO NOT NEED TO CALL ANYONE. All you have to do is refer people to your websites and let the system do the rest. Now, once someone enters their contact information to take the Free Tour, calling them only increases the chances that they will upgrade to become a distributor and it IS a good practice. But, you don’t have to call anyone if you don’t want to. Many Skinny Body Care distributors (including myself) are having great success just using the marketing system that is already in place with Skinny Body Care, along with sending out a few personalized welcome/follow up emails as well. Alpha Prime Elite Reviews Lactobacillus plantarum (min. 1 billion CFU)	To calculate calorie intake and to ensure that I am consuming the number of calories that I want to be, do I do this without including the calories burned during exercise? To clarify, I want to consume 1400 total calories per day; however, I am also exercising (running and strength training). So, at the end of the day, if I ate 1400 calories, but worked off say 600 calories during my workouts, I would be down to a total of 800 calories. So, would I eat 600 more calories to get up to my 1400? Switzerland I have been over weight for some time now, but I started to lose it when I documented my weekly diet and exercise routine with a goal sheet and included in my weight loss goal sheet protein bars for breakfast, lunch and sometimes a snack. I also started eating healthy low calorie meals for dinner. It is life saving. I was able to plan in advance my diet and exercise routine and it helped me to stay on track. I was also able to identify one of my biggest weight loss obstacles which was night time snacking. So once you start to recognize your pitfalls you can then find solutions to overcome them, What Are Skinny Fibers? Search for: Search The relationship between your weight and your fat determines whether you fall into the skinny fat category. Weight alone cannot tell whether you’re skinny fat or not, which is precisely why so many people don’t realize that they are. To probe the relation between age and increases in body dissatisfaction, the univariate relation between age and body dissatisfaction was first investigated in an individual model to test whether T1 age predicted growth in body dissatisfaction over time. The main effect of age was not significant. To test whether this relation was moderated by gender, gender was entered at Level 2, and results indicated that the cross-level interaction of age and gender was significant, with age predicting increases in body dissatisfaction for girls but not for boys (β =−0.12, t = -5.62, p < .001). Next, independent t-tests compared the means of girls' and boys' reported levels of body dissatisfaction across all measurement periods at ages 13, 14, 15 and 16 to determine the age at which gender differences in body dissatisfaction emerged. At age 13, boys and girls reported similar levels of body dissatisfaction (M girls = 2.71; M boys = 2.58) and there were no significant differences. By age 14, however, girls reported significantly higher levels of body dissatisfaction (M = 2.74) compared to boys (M = 2.56, t = 2.03, p < .05), and girls' level of body dissatisfaction continued to increase by age while body dissatisfaction decreased for boys, as evidenced by levels of body dissatisfaction reported at ages 15 (M girls = 2.90; M boys = 2.49, t = 4.75, p < .001) and at age 16 (M girls = 2.95; M boys = 2.35,t = 5.62, p< .001). Rooted in Science – Related Article: Our top 10 best rated fat burners (based on effectiveness) – I was curious about the product so I decided to check out the ingredients. Recently, I met with some old friends for a reunion lunch. As we walked out of the restaurant, the conversation turned to what I looked like when I was young. Two of the guys mentioned that I was not just skinny: I was bony and scrawny. One of them even emphasized it with his tone like it was a huge deal. Contacting Burn HD to Verify Business Hours Body Mass	β0	2.65	0.042	63.22	<.001	U0	0.540	1557.2	420	<.001 Eating Mistakes that Skinny People MakeCauses of being Skinny: => The corporate Marketing System is completely free for everyone, no monthly charges like most companies! Email Isagenix Reviews Become a Better Man April 22, 2016 at 1:49 pm Ideal Body	β0	2.65	0.042	63.22	<.001	U0	0.540	1557.3	420	< .001 Already have an account? Sign in 2-Hour Delivery This version of caffeine is standardized and considered pharmaceutical grade, so it’s tested for safety and made under controlled conditions to ensure that it is consistent in the amount and quality offered. At the top of your Firefox window, to the left of the web address, you should see a green lock. Click it. ₹3,656 Another example is Relacore, which contains a large range of different plant extracts, along with vitamins and minerals. There is some evidence for the weight loss potential of various ingredients but the research tends to be extremely limited and doesn't prove all that much. ​ 08-12-2013, 01:28 PM	#7 Means and Standard Deviation for each T1 variable by Gender ChromeMate (chromium polynicotinate) – Research in the Journal of Medicine shows ChromeMate supports healthy blood-sugar and glucose levels. [4] ChromeMate does not claim to directly support weight loss, but research shows that a common symptom of blood sugar swings is hunger. [5] [6] Things That Rich People Buy to Become Rich Skinny Fiber Pills currently sell for $59.95 a bottle, and while there is a refund policy, makers only give you 30 days to make your return, which is minimal. Makers count on the fact that most users don’t remember to return bottles within that 30 day time limit. With such a price tag though, maybe makers have enough money to give you something really high quality and still make a lot of money.
This item Burn HD® by DietSpotlight Advanced Weight Loss Formula - Metabolism & Energy Booster, Appetite Suppressant, Safe & Effective Natural Thermogenic Supplement (1 Bottle and Daily Dose Case) Prevagen Reviews With increased lean body mass, your Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR) increases. Your BMR is the amount of calories that you need to support your body when you are at rest. In plain speech, the higher your BMR, the more calories your body naturally burns when it is doing nothing (i.e. sleeping). The more calories you burn, the more fat you are able to burn. What makes Skinny Body Care a unique company is that only those who use the product are able to sell it – thus validating that the product works and those who distribute it also have had great success with it. The ingredients are all natural and have no known negative side effects. Meratrim is safe and well tolerated at the recommended dosage of 800mg; two 400mg pills per day. Cellulase Enzyme helps breaks down plant fiber. Profitly Review – Next Level Trading or Big Scam? MusicXRay The system is stacked against the overweight from the beginning As with any weight loss supplement, the only real answer is that results can and will vary from one person to another. However to give you an idea, in one scientific study the main Skinny Fiber ingredient glucomannan saw volunteers lose on average 0.8kg per week. (11) 130 videos Additionally, the FDA tends to focus on drugs that are likely to pose a significant risk as newcomers to the medication game. As a natural supplement that doesn’t take a risky approach to weight loss, Burn HD doesn’t fall into this category. As such, a lack of FDA approval may just mean it’s not dangerous enough to warrant the organization’s attention. March 14, 2017 at 9:37 pm Mediterranean Diet vs Keto Diet Ectomorphs are those lucky people who are naturally thin, have a low body fat without needing to exercise or diet and find it difficult to gain weight and muscle. Think of those people who have natural “model type” bodies. Typically they have fast metabolisms, but they lack shape and can sometimes be skinny fat. Skinny fat is a term used to describe people who appear skinny when wearing clothes, but actually have a higher body fat percentage for their bodies. Muxcle.com Ingredients With Evidence List unavailable. Become an Author Residual commissions in Skinny Body Care are paid out via the same unilevel compensation structure used to pay Fast Start Commissions (see above). PheniTropic Reviews Amylase Enzyme breaks down carbohydrates into energy. Energy Drinks (5) I don’t want to starve me because when I was younger I was prone to bulimia and anorexia and I know starvation is not the answer for me. I hope this product is going to help me at least for the loss of weight. NCBI Kids' Clothing 7 Signs You’re Truly Unhappy in Your Relationship PROUD SPONSORS OF: ASIN: B00AETG2GS I am the type of person that likes to workout 4-6 times a week and was looking for an additional boost of energy. On the down side, I love to eat!!! This really helped me cut my appetite and didn’t make me feel wired. I am SUPER sensitive to caffeine and this didn’t make me feel bad at all. I am super happy with his product and the best part is that ITS ALL NATURAL! 4 Ways to Detox Without Starving Yourself Phen 375 (click to read review) Paula's Choice RESIST Barrier Repair Moisturizer with Retinol and Antioxidants, 1.7 oz (1 Bottle) for Normal to Dry Skin Aging Skin Fine Lines Facial Wrinkles Dull Skin of the Face- 1.7 oz This is the catch which you mentioned in your article and which I couldn’t agree with more: 5. Olive Garden (22) August 7, 2017 at 9:04 am *Sandi Johnson See all 13 critical reviews› REVIEWS XrayTim, I’m glad you found the review useful. yes, I just checked again, and they were still qualifying everybody for the free sample. I’m sure they will eventually get around to fixing this. What I found even more interesting was the same product (same bunch of ingredients) being called by different names. Skinny Body Reviews|Virginia Beach Virginia Make Money Weight Loss Skinny Body Reviews|Omaha Nebraska Make Money Weight Loss Skinny Body Reviews|Oakland California Make Money Weight Loss
Instagram limits each post to 30 hashtags. Here are the top 30 hashtags for #twitch to copy and paste into your post.
It's the Melbourne Cup. In Australia it is referred to as "The Race that Stops the Nation". In Victoria it is a Public Holiday. It amazes me that we have a public holiday for a horse race!
Don't get me wrong, a day off appeals to my laid back and relaxed Australian attitude to life, but for a horse race? It also strikes me as funny that in one of furthest away parts of the Commonwealth, we have a public holiday to celebrate the Queen's birthday, yet they don't have one in England where she lives!
It strikes me as ludicrous that earlier this year there were discussions and media rumblings about having a public holiday for the AFL Grand Final (don't get me started on that!).
There are so many good reasons to have a day off where we DON'T, why do it for a simple sporting event?
Have you ever had one of those moments where you thought that things were just too hard? Some things in your life had changed and now you couldn't do some of the things that you wanted too? Maybe you weren't getting the results in your life that you wanted? It was all too hard? I have felt that too.
On the weekend I got a sense of perspective. I heard an amazing story from a guy named Dale Elliot. He is guy just like you and me. No one special - just a bloke with dreams, desires, a life. He took his cousins motorbike for a spin and on the last corner home a dog ran out on to the road and his life changed forever.
How does he keep going? By focussing on what he can do not on what he can't. Looking back to his past and what he can't do serves no purpose. His focus is looking forward at what he can do. Creating new goals and dreams that stretch him and doing it with a sense of humour, joy and gratitude.
So how hard is it? Granted there may be things you can't do like you used to. But what can you do? How can you stretch yourself, grow and make contribution to those around you? I suspect it is easier than you may tell yourself.
For more information on Dale, get inspiration or book him for your next event, check out his website at www.DaleElliott.com
The 7th Habit in Stephen Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is to Sharpen the Saw. What he is saying is how often do you take the time to get better at what you do? Are your skills being improved and honed or are you still doing what you do the same way you always have?
If you were 10% better, what would that mean to you? 10% more sales? 10% better customer service? 10% more time to do things? 10% more organised? 10% more focussed or energised? Or would it simply mean that you are back as good as you used to be because you have recently developed some bad habits?
The time you invest in sharpening your saw is well worth it. A saw blade you continue to use slowly gets worn down. It stops sawing and starts Hacking. Are you Hacking anywhere in your workplace? After you have been hacking for a while, you then are simply going through the motions without getting a result. Surely you aren't simply going through the motions anywhere? Are you?
What will you do to sharpen your saw? I can highly recommend The Super Conference on this week. I will be MC and speaking there. If you can't make that, find something else. Your professional association, industry training courses, personal development courses or training for a specific skill set all contribute to your success.
It is amazing how many people in the workplace do not share who they really are with their colleagues.
They have strong boundaries (almost barriers) around their distinct groups. Their work friends are never allowed to mix with their social friends and neither of these groups are allowed anywhere near family.
Why would you do this? While I am all for a sense of privacy and not sharing every single detail about yourself, why would you not share with your friends all of who you are? What are you trying to hide?
While you may have weird hobbies that may raise some questions or work in a job or role that your social group may not expect, don't hold back on who you are. We are complete beings with varied, colourful and complex parts to ourselves.
One of the most valuable gifts you can give to the world is your Authenticity. It also takes less effort than putting up a facade or remembering to not tell certain people certain things. Share of yourself with the world. The world will be a better place for it.
PS As part of my sharing, I need to let you know I sing in an A Cappella choir. It is fabulous and a whole lot of fun. We have a concert in North Melbourne at the Comic's Lounge this Sunday at 2pm. It's only $15 and kids are free. If you are in Melbourne next Sunday, I would love to see you there. Further details and samples of our work at www.MoodSwingChoir.com
I was working at a Serious Abundance seminar yesterday and we were talking about our goals. In particular, how to achieve your goals and the elements that go into that. One key element is our beliefs.
Our beliefs are such an important part of our success. Again yesterday, as I have heard many times before with mentoring clients or attendees at my sessions, people were giving reasons as to why they didn't believe they could achieve them. One person shared how something fabulous happened and her first response was "I couldn't believe it".
People who achieve their goals (personal or business) are no different to you or me. They are simply people with skills, resources and a desire. There is NO REASON you can't achieve your goals, no matter how big they are. So do yourself a favour and BELIEVE in yourself. Know that you can and will achieve them.
Green singles dating site members are open-minded, liberal and conscious dating for vegans, vegetarians, environmentalists and animal rights activists. Regardless if you live in the us or are visiting, by joining a free dating site in the usa, you can meet eligible singles who can make the trip exciting and fun. Latin singles dating sites - are you single and ready to date this site can be just what you are looking for, just sign up and start chatting and meeting local singles. Chat online 💭 free chat on sentimente and easily chose your soulmate 💑 from more than 15 million singles chat with members from bani bulan.
Local dating site for singles – it is easy to find a couple doulike is secure platform for local dating ready to find somebody to share the same values and interests. Black singles dating site 100 free dating site for women date divorced women japanese women seeking men if you happen to have a flair for things that are different from the usual, especially for dating and interracial dating is for you. Ft mitchell, kentucky dating site, united states i am a self made woman with several interest and hobby's i do like to work very hard and intensively but when comes time to play i do play very nicely.
Chemistrycom is designed for dating, pen pals and to bring singles together join chemistrycom and meet new singles for dating chemistrycom is a niche dating service for serious single women and serious single men looking for marriage. With singles right across the us, elitesingles is an international dating platform, operating with partners in over 25 countries worldwide and helping 2500 singles find love each month through our online dating sites. Whether you meet on a trip, through social media, or a dating site, it can be tough to deny the sparks but long distance dating has a bad rap as being difficult to maintain but long distance dating has a bad rap as being difficult to maintain. Single bulan members interested in disabled dating are you looking for bulan members search through the newest members below and you may just see your ideal date.
Free online dating and matchmaking service for singles 3,000,000 daily active online dating users. Bulan's best free dating site 100% free online dating for bulan singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in bulan looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Black singles dating site - online dating can help you to find your partner, it will take only a few minutes to register become a member and start meeting, chatting with local singles. Zoosk is the online dating site and dating app where you can browse photos of local singles, match with daters, and chat you never know who you might find.
Online dating can help you to find your partner, it will take only a few minutes to register become a member and start meeting, chatting with local singles. Single bulan males interested in date dating are you looking for bulan males search through the profiles below and you may just see if you can find your perfect match start flirting and setup a meet up later tonight our site has 100's of other members that just can't wait to talk to somebody just like you. Personal ads for bulan, ky are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to bulan, ky and are for ages 18+ of either sex. How to impress single russian ladies when you meet russian singles with your online date and start a regular relationship, you will want to conquer her heart completely real-life dates are more effective since they give you an opportunity to demonstrate all of your virtues and learn your russian girlfriend better.
Asian singles dating site many people will join a free online dating service with intent to defraud other members you should never be asked to provide personal or sensitive information or to apply to be a member of dating website. Loveawakecom is a 100% free bulan (philippines) dating site where you can make friends or find true love online join our community and meet thousands of lonely hearts from various parts of bulan, luzon. Start using online dating site and find new relationship or new love asian singles dating site have a poor command of the english language or the consistent use of incorrect grammar.
Singlesnetcom is a new site with a ton of bells and whistles, but also maintains a clean and uncluttered site sign up for free on singlesnetcom to take a look around see someone you like, sign up as a full member and you can write and receive unlimited emails, chat, webcam, and more. Ourtimecom is designed for 50+ dating, pen pals and to bring older singles together join ourtimecom and meet new singles for 50+ dating ourtimecom is a niche, 50+ dating service for single older women and single older men. The best dating site – uk singles having fun we'll show you a place where singles mingle, chat, and build flirty connections with ease.
Us post office™ baker village 1435 benning dr columbus ga 31903 us post office™ fort mitchell 802 highway 165 fort mitchell al 36856 us post office. Fort benning's best free dating site 100% free online dating for fort benning singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in fort benning looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Please note if your soldier is still in training and their unit is not in the drop down box, we are not yet accepting online orders for themorders for items that are custom in nature (creeds, crystals, mugs and t-shirts will require aprox 3 weeks time to be made and received by us they will ship as soon as we receive them. Hunting & fishing personnel authorized to hunt and fish on fort benning and who possess a valid state license may purchase hunting and fishing permits here, where you will find maps, frequently asked questions and videospermits are valid for one year from date of purchase.
Fort benning is the home of the united states army maneuver center of excellence, the united states army armor school, united states army infantry school, the western hemisphere institute for security cooperation (formerly known as the school of the americas), elements of the 75th ranger regiment, 3rd brigade – 3rd infantry division, and many. Online store fort benning photography training photos we photograph trainees at various events throughout the training cycle it takes about 2 weeks after we film an event for photos to be added to the training photos website especially for osut trainees, there may be gaps of 2-3 weeks in events we do not cover them everyday and there are. Personal ads for fort benning, ga are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to fort benning, ga and are for ages 18+ of either sex. Navy getaways jeb little creek fort story is an exciting vacation destination situated along the beautiful virginia beach oceanfront our properties feature rustic log cabins, 20-30ft rv sites (with water and electric hookup), 1900’s era beach cottages and our newest gated oceanfront townhouse community (located off the installation) at the prestigious virginia beach north end.
Benningbookoocom is the premium online classifieds community for fort benning, georgia and surrounding areas the friendliest online yard sale for garage sale lovers. Since 1918, fort benning, ga, has served as the home of the infantry begining in 1940, fort knox, ky, served as the home of the armor the maneuver center of excellence transformation began as a result of the 2005 base realignment and closure (brac) commission's decision to consolidate a number of schools and installations to create centers. Fort benning photography, fort benning, ga 29k likes frequently asked questions where are you located from custer road turn right onto 11th airborne. Explore an array of fort benning, ga vacation rentals, including houses, & more bookable online choose from more than 30 properties, ideal house rentals for families, groups and couples rent a whole home for your next vacation. Reserve a table for the best dining in fort benning, georgia on tripadvisor: see 52 reviews of 18 fort benning restaurants and search by cuisine, price, location, and more.
2018 international sniper competition fort benning centennial 1918 -2018 online conduct comprehensive soldier & family fitness mcoe health promotion soldier for life - transition assistance program community information garrison benning news mcoe event calendar benning mwr events community calendars installation access newcomers. Fort benning commissary annual monster side walk sale wednesday, october 31st 0800-1800 there will be a variety of products with great prices supplies will be limited so come early and take advantage of all the great bargains as always, thank you for shopping at your fort benning commissary. The zip code 31905 is associated with the city of fort benning in muscogee county in the state of georgia more about 31905 camping for more information about camping in 31905 (georgia) , or for additional resources regarding experiencing the outdoors in ga, visit the national park service. San antonio, texas- the us army installation management command announced today the imcom-level maj gen keith l ware public affairs awards winners.
Fort benning, ga uchee creek army cg is located on the southwest side of lawson air field, just south of columbus, ga it's a very-well designed and maintained facility. Expedia add-on advantage: book a flight & unlock up to 43% off select hotels terms apply travel the world better flights to fort benning from airlines such as american airlines, delta, united, jetblue, frontier, and more book your flight + hotel to save up to 100% on your flight. Fort benning map the united states army fort benning military patrols start friday night in downtown columbus fort benning georgia ga 31805 profile population maps sand hill ft benning wwwimgarcade online image. Fort benning lodging welcome we're so delighted you have chosen to stay with us whether you're joining our community or simply passing through, we will treat you like a member of the fort benning family.
Fort benning's soldier for life center and program connects army, governmental and community efforts to build relationships that facilitate successful reintegration of our soldiers, retirees, veterans and their families in order to keep them army strong and instill their values, ethos and leadership within communities.
This race is the highlight of the annual oktoberfest celebration held at fort benning's uchee creek race day weather is normally beautiful and sunny watch your step for wildlife, please the 5k consist of some dirt and some paved road and most is stroller friendly however, the 5k is a fun run only.
Online store to place an order, fill out the form below after it is submitted, you will be directed to the storefront to select and pay for the items you would like to purchase.
Oktoberfest brings more than 31,000 people to fort benning over a three-day period this is a great opportunity to engage with the fort benning community and our neighbors from around the chattahoochee valley. The id card/deers office at fort benning is located in the soldier for life center they do not service walk-in appointments and you can make an appointment online at the rapids appointment link. Fort benning, main post, bachelor officers quarters, building no 37, richardson circle, fort benning military reservation, chattahoochee county, ga chattahoochee county fort benning military reservation georgia, 1933.
You can't find a product or something is missing in our shop? Get in contact with us and write an E-Mail to info@gpm-performance.com or use our contact formular.
Vision of the promoting body to a worlds class organization leading educational development of the country by enhancing the global competitiveness of teachers and by ensuring high quality teacher education to all section of the society Promoting society and education interaction for developing new products and services.To be a forward-looking organization that has an efficient, flexible and empowered manpower this is sensitive to the present needs of the society.
digital art printed on canvas printing services near me print paper prints city fine,buy art online digital limited edition print on printing services printed canvas prints india,digital art prints uk india print online,digital art print prices prints uk maiden fine etsy nz,digital art print prices selling prints on etsy by buy posters frames australia,heron tropical landscape geometric collage digital art prints download free printing services print online india,digital art prints uk paintings by printing services near me etsy nz,digital art printing services near me selling prints on etsy running dry by rein fine print paper,digital art prints etsy australia beautiful medium size rolled printer,digital art print prices processing poster by jr prints india etsy.
The New York Times opens up free applications for its 7th annual portfolio review - Tomas Roggero *The New York Times* has opened up applications for its 7th annual New York Portfolio Review on March 30 and 31 in New York City, New York...
It makes me sad to see and know that the city that I grew up, and that I love so much has become that. Tears run down my face because I have experience and witness that, the destruction of a society. Now many miles, kilometers and the past separate millions of people. Moreover, as to comment on the long previous comment from September 19th, 2008, yes I know that the whole city is not like that. I think he did not intend to portray that, but only what years of ignorance have brought to our country, and not only from Chavez, but from every other unethical person that has touched it. we all know that every country has its problems and its ghettos, the thing is are they really trying to alleviate the situation. I wish you could invite him, so he can also show the beauty of our country, but how can you even serve him a cup of coffee if there is not even sugar for "EL Pueblo".
I Liked very much your Work and I Invite you to look in my Web Site the work "No Hay Mal que dure 100 Años " I Living in the resistence creatinng Digital Art Photo Video & Words.
on HH-Taxi.de we proudly present you an association of highly motivated hamburg taxi drivers. Together, we are trying to acquire new relations by winning over the customer with our excellent service.
Whether you need a Taxi in Hamburg on a regular basis or want to be sure to have a reliable and safe ride, you should give us a try.
Right now, we are a Team of 2 self-employed drivers who run their respective companies on their own and try to build up a network for acquiring new customer relations and distributing the rides.
A safe and calm journey, good knowledge of Hamburg and above-average service standards go without saying. We speak English and German fluently and provide well-maintained vehicles by Mercedes Benz.
Because of the fact, that organising trips in a major city like Hamburg takes its time, we kindly ask you to order your cab in advance – preferably the night before you actually need the service. For more information on the drivers and cars visit: HH-Taxi Team.
“You’ll never be called a sweet little girl” – my middle school teacher. Seems harsh, no? Let me give you context because this isn’t a pity party. This is actually a great thing that happened. I went to a private middle school but a public elementary and high school. I needed a little extra attention (nothing has changed) in…...
when I came back to America Beth (my mom's friend),and Rosean(my mom's other friend) came with Gramsy (my grandma) to greet me,my dad, my mom,and Emma (my baby sister) that we adopted in China.They were so glad to see us at the airport.When I saw them I ran to give hugs to everyone.At the house we sighed and said, "What a long journey we had to China and get Emma but it was so worth it".That night I got to sleep with my Gramsy and she told me stories about her, and her mother.
The next day we were all smooching on Emma and it made her laugh a lot.That day we went to buy Emma some diapers,clothes and maybe some toys and yes we did buy her some toys that made her laugh.
The next stop was our home at last "New York" everyone said Emma was adorable and she still is of corse.
Before I get there I need to tell this.When Emma was in the orphanage no one picked her up and loved on her so she is handicaped.
she now can crawl,talk a little,and eat.I forgot to tell something. She coudn't eat anything except bottles that the nannies gave her. Mostly I helped my loved sister.
I hope I see you grow up, get a boyfriend if you can get pass me,have a family and I hope one day you will have a child and the Lord be with you all your life.
I know. The trip is over, but I have a lot i think about still. It was special to me to get to be there to get my sister but it was also special because I went back to where I am from. I don't remember any of it, but it made me feel connected just the same. Now, I think about the day we can go back and get a baby brother. I hope that isn't so far away. I know one day, I will adopt from China too. It is deep in heart. China and all the children who are waiting for moms and dads and brothers and sisters. All the children waiting to be held forever....like my Emma.
We took a boat ride in the harbor in Hong Kong to see the barges, boat houses and the floating restaurant.
Published at Friday, April 13th, 2018 - 17:55:44 PM. Hockey Gear and Equipment. By Adrienne Christiane.
The breakaway is the most exciting play in hockey. They don′t come along every day but if you practice a few simple techniques you′ll be ready the next time you′re one-on-one with a goalie.
When it comes to receiving a pass you want to turn the blade slightly toward the ice to form a pocket. Keep the angle of the blade so it takes the puck squarely. Don′t hold the stick too tightly when you are receiving a hard pass or the puck will “explode” off your stick.
One of the reasons the backhand shot is not used as much anymore is because of the invention of the curved stick. So many players today have such a big hook in their blade that it′s really tough to take an effective and accurate backhand shot.
Cinderella wants to go to the ball, but her wicked stepmother won't let her. As Cinderella sits crying in the garden, her fairy godmother appears, and promises to provide Cinderella with everything she needs to go to the ball, but only on two conditions. "First, you must wear a diaphragm." Cinderella agrees. "What's the second condition?"
"You must be home by 2 a.m. Any later, and your diaphragm will turn into a pumpkin." Cinderella agrees to be home by 2 a.m. The appointed hour comes and goes, and Cinderella doesn't show up. Finally, at 5 a.m., Cinderella shows up, looking love-struck and **very** satisfied. "Where have you been?" demands the fairygodmother. "Your diaphragm was supposed to turn into a pumpkin three hours ago!!!"
Early pregnancy loss (Abortion or miscarriage) is defined as the termination of pregnancy before 20 weeks of gestation (dates from the last menstrual period) or below a fetal weight of 500g. It occurs in approximately 1 in 300 pregnancies. Recurrent Miscarriage ( RM ) is classically defined as three or more consecutive spontaneous miscarriages.
Secondary – One (Usually the first) pregnancy has proceeded to viability and the rest have ended in abortions.
A definite systemic cause is rarely found and this increases the frustration in both the patient and the obstetrician, as both tend to believe that “there must be some thing wrong”. The majority of patients will have to be given an explanation that they can understand but really not accept. In spite of this, a full investigation will have to be carried out.
Immunological factors – Auto-immune disorders like anti-phospholipid antibody syndrome, abnormal maternal immune response and systemic lupus erythematosus.
1. Uncertainty has risen regarding whether the notarial deeds referred to in Chief Registrar's Circular 10 of 2009 can be registered before the affected land has been declared, in the Government Gazette, as a special nature reserve, national park, nature reserve or protected environment.
2. The National Environmental Management. Protected Areas Act, 2003 (Act No.57 of 2003) does not specifically provide for the registration of the above mentioned notarial deeds before the declaration in the Government Gazette, however, a registered owner has a common law right to enter into registrable notarial contracts with third parties at any time. The said notarial deeds are, therefore, registrable before the declaration in the Government Gazette.
1. ΑRRΟWΗΕΑD RESIDENTIAL LΙΜΙΤΕD (Registration Number 2013/226082/06) has changed its name in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2008 (Act No. 71 of 2008), to INDLUPLACE PROPERTIES LIMITED (Registration Number 2013/226082/06), with effect from 25 February 2015.
The enclosed documentation of this change of name must be filed under BC No. 2 of 2015 in all deeds registries.
2. Due to the number of deeds that have to be endorsed regarding the change of name, permission is hereby granted to endorse deeds as and when they are lodged for an act of registration.
3. Powers of attorney, consents, and applications signed, and deeds registered after the date of this circular must reflect the new name, whilst those signed prior to this date must be accepted unaltered.
4. When relevant bonds are lodged for cancellation, it will not be necessary to endorse them in this regard, provided that the consent to cancellation refers to the new situation.
Nishaana badhiyaa thaa parchook gaya! Rating: 1.5 / 5 Starring: Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Jatin Goswami, Bidita Bag Director: Kushan Nandy The Basic Babumoshai Plot Babu Bihari, played by Nawazuddin Siddiqui, is a contract killer with a swag. He shoots in style, with some clever dialoguebaazi thrown in. Jeeji, (Divya Dutt), a politician gives him a contract […]
Check out all the awesome events in Goregaon and around lined up for this weekend! Friday, August 25 Check out events in Goregaon, Andheri, Juhu and other nearby suburbs! Paint The Falls at #FunRepublicSocial Venue: Fun Republic Social Timing: 5 – 7 pm Charges: 1350 26th August 1985 markes the day when the electric […]
Posted in: GHP Weekend- Events & FestivitiesTagged: events in andheri, events in goregaon, events in juhu, events in mumbai, gardening workshops, painting workshops, photography events, screenwriting, weekend in mumbaiLeave a commentGHP Team	 August 25, 2017
Ek baar toh chakh lo! Love, laughs, plots and plans – sweetly packed into this one Read the Bareilly Ki Barfi review on GHP and know why you should watch it. Rating 3.5 stars Bareilly Ki Barfi (BKB) gives relief to those who saw a crash-landing of a love story last week. But this […]
Discover Goregaon events, awesome things to do in and around the neighbourhood from August 18 to 20 Friday, August 18 #2 best events in and around Goregaon goregaon events A Broken Chair Venue: CLAP, Malad west Timing: 7 – 8.30 pm Charges: ₹250 The play is a political and social satire. It talks about our system how […]
Posted in: GHP Weekend- Events & FestivitiesTagged: andheri events, cat events, dog events, goregaon events, juhu events, malad events, things to do, versova events, workshops in mumbaiLeave a commentGHP Team	 August 18, 2017
On Independence Day, Ram Mandir station witnessed a unique event of its own. Foundation For Mumbai’s Animals (FFMA) painted the station with the aim to create awareness and invoke compassion for animals in people’s hearts. What is FFMA? If you’re in awe of the beautiful painting at Ram Mandir station and are wondering whose handiwork […]
Guest blogger on GHP, Kalyani Kamble is India’s leading Life Coach, Image Consultant and Neuro Linguistic Programmer. After her very successful Power Branding series, she now gives GHP readers health tips for slowing down ever-hectic lives. Read Kalyani’s five easy steps to manage that. Time. It’s our most coveted resource because of its scarcity. In an […]
Posted in: Health & BeautyTagged: health tips mental health, kalyani kamble, life coach, life goal, slow down life2 CommentsGHP Team	 August 14, 2017
GHP brings you all the awesome events and things to do this weekend in Goregaon and other areas nearby! Friday, August 11: Events in Goregaon this weekend Mixed Bag Fridays with Dhruv Deshapande Venue: Dancamaze, Lokhandwala Timing: 8 PM Charges: ₹200 Your weekly dose of raw comedy talent! This week will feature 10 amateurs and […]
Posted in: GHP Weekend- Events & FestivitiesTagged: aarey, andheri events, dance class, goregaon events, kid-friendly, malad events, mumbai events, things to do, weekend events, workshops ganesha makingLeave a commentGHP Team	 August 11, 2017
Christopher - it's excellent photographic work and sad and dark pictures; much darker than is the city in fact. I would say it's a nice essay, and in a sense it's good you called it "el capitolio" and not "caracas" because it's not representative of caracas (well, neither is it of capitolio, but that is another question). you made me think a lot of what is a "fair representation" of a city/country/people. To concentrate on this case, I think it's a montage that might defeat its own purposes - the choice of black-and-white photography conceals the colors of the city we live in. The choice of poor people and deserted houses makes us forget of how busy and buzzy caracas is, and how rich and poor co-exist with very different life-standard just meters from each other. Until the last shots when you infuse the chavista demo pics, i was thinking it might rather be a representation of caracas before the 1970s and the economic boom and urbanization: caracas of today is much more developed and bursting with crowds, consumption, commercials etc. Once you show the chavista demo, you actually (intentionally?!) do a bad trick to the government - because its demonstrations are so vibrant and colorful and full of music and odor and sweat and heath - your photos show them quite differently. One can see a raging crowd of outcasts that support a hidden authoritarian voice. was that you wanted to show? or did your montage play a bad trick to your political message?
Good work, the absence of color only emphazises the drama in the pictures. The music is outstanding, never heard it before
As a pre-med student at Cornell University, Drouin was enrolled in a massive Introduction to Psychology class with 1,500 students. Psychology came to her naturally, and always intrigued her. Eventually, both her professor and her boyfriend (now husband) inspired her to switch majors. To this day, she says, “It never feels like work. It always feels like discovery and learning in a way that is enriching my existence as a human being.”
Her work on campus gives Drouin the opportunity to advance her research. She runs a very active research lab. “I have about 15 undergrads or recently graduated students who either [work in the lab] for credit or as a volunteer. They work on the many projects that we always have going on. I consider that an integral part of my teaching.”
Drouin’s studies on sexting have received significant media attention. And while sexting seems totally removed from her doctoral thesis on the literacy development of preschoolers, the evolution of her research occurred naturally. Her original studies of texting focused on its effects on literacy. After studying general word-based messages, she began looking at other things people were texting each other, including pictures and sexual messages.
Drouin’s current research is a cross-cultural study in collaboration with Brandon T. McDaniel of Illinois State University and Adam Galovan at the University of Alberta. Their study examines the effects of sexting on relationships in the United States and Canada. The research “has shown that there aren’t really any positive correlates of sexting in a normal adult, committed relationship. With regard to younger couples,” she says, “the jury’s still out whether it’s something that’s positive. But the research that I’ve cited before worked with young adults, so you still see insecure attachment patterns, and you see a lot of regret and worries, especially within the context of casual sex relationships.”
Personally against sexting, Drouin says her findings do not surprise her. “I believe that sexting is a risky activity, and people who are in committed relationships don’t necessarily need that… I find myself in this very conservative position [regarding sexting], when actually, in terms of my life views, I’m pretty liberal. I mean, I’m studying something that a lot of people wouldn’t even study.”
And Drouin’s research goals are not complete. “One of the things that I think this research lends itself to,” Drouin says, “is looking at the changes in sexting as you go through the relationship life course. How does it differ between young adults and people who are married, for example. But it would also be useful to see what purposes sexting serves in different time periods of a relationship. I think that that’s a really promising direction.”
Off campus, Drouin says her life revolves around her family, including her college-sweetheart husband of 25 years, and hockey. “My husband used to play hockey, and my two sons, who are eight and ten, they play hockey, so on an average weeknight you’ll find me just sitting at an arena somewhere with my laptop, trying to get work done while my kids have practice.”
For more, read Drouin’s study “Sexting Profiles in the United States and Canada: Implications for Individual and Relationship Well-Being,” watch her Tedx Talk, or visit her website for contact info.
Want to hear Drouin talk about her research live? Now you can! On Wednesday, April 11, First United Methodist Church in Auburn will be hosting the second annual Children’s Summit, and Drouin will be the morning keynote speaker. The event is free and open to the public, but registration is required for the free lunch (registration deadline is March 28). Register and learn more about the event here.
Commercial-quality cabinet is ideal for office kitchens, breakrooms, cafe areas, or anywhere you need additional storage. Thermofused melamine laminate cabinetry is partnered with a durable Advantage laminate countertop for good looks and easy care. Rigid dowel pin construction and adjustable levelers for increased stability. Concealed Euro-style hinge system
Наименование заказчика: Общесто с ограниченной ответственностью «Стройтекстиль» Проведение энергетического обследования ТОРГОВО-РАЗВЛЕКАТЕЛЬНЫЙ КОМПЛЕКС по адресу: г. Кострома, ул. Магистральная, д.20 Срок исполнения работ: Июль 2017 г.
As we come to the end of a brilliant summer, I hope your businesses benefited with a flurry of activity the fine weather bestowed upon us. I anticipate another productive year and am pleased to provide you with an update of key events and initiatives being undertaken by the Association.
This year the Hire Industry Association of New Zealand celebrates its 40th anniversary. What better way to mark this significant milestone than by holding a Reunion to reconnect past and present members at this year’s 2018 conference. It will give us all the opportunity to meet up with some founding members and associates that have been part of the hire industry over the past 40 years.
Conference is shaping up to be a wonderful event. Guest speakers include Gilbert Enoka (All Blacks Manager) and Sir Graham Henry – no introduction needed there. We have invited members from the Global Rental Alliance, and along with our loyal Australian supporters we are confident of a respectable international contingent. Supplier interest is very strong this year with trade display booths almost fully booked.
We have a dedicated website for conference 2018 which can be accessed through the HIANZ website. Here you will find all the information you need to complete your registration and book accommodation. Check it out – www.hireconference.nz
The HIANZ board have invested an enormous amount of time and energy into the strategic direction of the Association. Amongst other initiatives we are constantly looking at ways to increase membership, member benefits and grow a financially robust portfolio.
Now in our 40th year it is equally important to reflect and appreciate the commitment and hard work of those who have contribute to the success of the Association, and subsequently the Hire Industry as a whole. That is why as part of conference 2018 we are encouraging past members of HIANZ to register for all or part of the conference. Past members and delegates are invited to register for a reunion luncheon being held on the 4th July at Conference. This will be an occasion for those involved to catch up with old friends, acknowledge the past and look the future of our industry. If you are interested in attending the luncheon or are still in contact with past members who would like to attend, please go to the conference website and register.
Membership diversity and growth is always a focus of the board, who have recently worked alongside the NZFIA (New Zealand Forklift Industry Association) to forge an alliance so we can better represent and support the businesses within this industry sector. The involvement of the NZFIA will increase the collective voice of the industry, further standardise industry best practices and bring efficiencies to both organisations in respect of HR and administrative resources.
Other key initiatives currently undertaken include a planned upgrade to the HIANZ website, development of “Instruction for Use library” and intentions to lobby for change to the Personal Properties Securities Act to replicate what was achieved recently in Australia. We look forward to updating members with progress and a presentation highlighting our work will also be made at the AGM during conference.
The architects were awarded this commission following an invited competition in which they were asked to make proposals for the conversion of the Veemgebouw, a monumental warehouse building at the former Philips industrial site in Eindhoven. The historic building was constructed in 1943, and is the most impressive and prominent of a series of large industrial buildings on the Strijp S site at the heart of the complex. The extensive site is being redeveloped as a new piece of the city by the dutch housing developer Trudo, to a masterplan by Jo Coenen and West 8. The new uses on the site will include apartments, offices and retail spaces within existing historic buildings and new buildings.
The conversion of the Veemgebouw is intended to change this industrial building designed for storage into a city building, whose new character reflects its more metropolitan situation. The new building will have a mix of uses. On the ground floor, facing the new landscaped promenade, there will be a large food market. The middle nine floors will be parking for 600 cars for the residents of the whole site. The top floors of new construction will contain 40 apartments, office space and a rooftop restaurant. The housing is arranged around a landscaped courtyard, with external facades of curving brickwork that form a new more dramatic top to the building.
The project has been submitted for detailed planning. Construction will commence in October 2012 and completion is due in spring 2014.
Teens are shunning synthetic marijuana, such as K2 and Spice, but smoking more of the real thing, a national survey of more than 40,000 children in three grades found. The number of high school seniors who said they used the synthetic drugs dropped sharply from 11% in 2012 to 8% in 2013, the Monitoring the Future survey, released Wednesday, found. A growing number of teens see the drugs as dangerous.
Perceptions of marijuana have slid in the other direction as fewer teens see the drug as harmful and more smoke it. In 2013, one in 15 seniors reported using marijuana daily, up from one in 50 in 1993, the survey found.
Monitoring the Future, funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse and conducted by researchers at the University of Michigan, has surveyed high school seniors since 1975. The survey added eighth- and 10th-graders in 1991. Investigators surveyed 41,675 students in 389 public and private schools.
Teen marijuana use began increasing in 2008 after a decade of decline. About 40% of high school seniors see smoking marijuana as risky, down from 44% last year and 75% nearly two decades ago. Historically, when teens perceive marijuana as safe, use rises, lead researcher Lloyd Johnston said.
“Young people are getting the wrong message from the medical marijuana and legalization campaigns,” Gil Kerlikowske, director of National Drug Control Policy. “If it’s continued to be talked about as a benign substance that has no ill effects, we’re doing a great disservice to young people by giving them that message.”
About one in four seniors reported smoking marijuana in the month before taking the survey and 36% reported smoking in the past year. Among sophomores, 30% had smoked in the past year and 18% in the past month and 4% daily. About 12% of eighth-graders smoked marijuana in the past year.
NIDA Director Nora Volkow said marijuana use at a young age can alter brain development and increase the risk for addiction.
“The children whose experimentation leads to regular use are setting themselves up for declines in IQ and diminished ability for success in life,” Volkow said.
Marijuana’s popularity varies over the years for many reasons, said Ethan Nadelmann, executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance, which favors legalization of the drug.
“But it’s important to keep in mind that marijuana pales in comparison to alcohol, cigarettes, inhalants and pharmaceutical drugs in terms of dangers to young people,” Nadelmann said. “Indeed for many young people, the worst consequences of marijuana involve arrest for marijuana possession, not its consumption.”
In 2013, students who reported using illicit drugs rose slightly over last year. Among eighth-graders, 15% said they had used drugs in the past year. Nearly a third of 10th-graders (32%) and 40% of 12th-graders reported using drugs during the past year. The most popular drug is marijuana.
The survey added a question about synthetic marijuana in 2011 as reports of children sickened by the drugs emerged. Synthetic marijuana, made by spraying herbs with chemicals that mimic the marijuana, was the second most widely used illicit drug among 10th- and 12th-graders in 2012 after marijuana, the survey found.
Less than 1% of teens surveyed said they used the synthetic hallucinogen known as “bath salts.” In all three grades, the number of students who say using “bath salts” is very risky increased sharply. The percentage of seniors who indicated occasional use of bath salts is harmful rose 25%, a steep rise in a short time that the researchers say is uncommon.
“Unlike synthetic marijuana, which experienced a substantial rise in popularity after entering the scene, use of bath salts has remained quite contained, suggesting that the messages about its dangers have been received,” the survey analysis said.
Smoking, drinking and getting high on prescription painkillers continued to decline in 2013, the survey found. Fewer than 10% of teenagers reported smoking in the past month, down by two-thirds from its peak in 1997. Among seniors, who have the highest rates of cigarette smoking, the number of regular smokers decreased from 17% in 2012 to 16% in 2013.
Alcohol use continued its two-decade decline, hitting record lows in 2013, the survey found. Binge drinking also dropped about 2% among 10th- and 12th-graders.
“We’ve had some very intensive and aggressive prevention campaigns for alcohol and tobacco that have been successful,” Volkow said.
Excellent video... I'm caraqueña, and I fell these images so related to my every day. We're always afraid about...everything, but still we love our country, our people, our sound and rhythm. I only hope that piece of ('#*mhd=!!") Chávez go away soon. We, the venezuelans, rich and poor, will take him away as soon as possible. We can take it anymore... "No hay mal que dure mil años, ni cuerpo que lo resista" FUERA CHÁVEZ!
To add onto that, what about the Rick and Morty Cerberus game, is it coming out around the same time as Crisis 4?
Members in the FB group are reporting having already purchased it from their LGS!!! Bring on the New Gods!
I can pre-order from Germany, but that will round out at $26 or so. I would rather pay closer to RRP.
Talk to a local store who orders though Esdevium. They are the distributor and probably didn't buy that many. A local store can order it from them.
The Delphi Member Services Forum is for all your membership issues including using Delphi, billing questions, bug reports, and suggestions.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. Once you register your account can NOT be deleted. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Tycom was established in 1985 and has subsequently become the leading Fluke distributor in South Africa. Tycom focuses on the test and measurement industry and supplies all brands of test and measurement instruments and an extensive range of tools for every application. Tycom has a fully equipped repair centre as a service to its customers. The three main departments are: Instrument Sales, Tool Sales and Repairs.
Should you wish to be unsubscribed from future email or mobile (SMS) campaigns from us, please provide your details below. Note that you will be unsubscribed from all the campaign types for which you provide details, so if you enter both your email address and mobile number, then you will be unsubscribed from all our campaigns.
Into hindu pujas and to portray the role of art objects as links to the divine student learning objectives include to: (1) explain the basic beliefs sarah ridley education department arthur m sack ler qallery smithsonian institution used by a single teacher or in collaboration with teachers of different disciplines. The hindu review|current affairs|june 2018 2 wwwbankersaddacom sarah huckabee sanders tweeted that the trump-kim meeting will be held at singapore's capella hotel trump & kim arrive in men's singles & won his 11th french open title. Apparently, saraswati or sarah was the daughter/ sister of brahma as per hindu literature, and ‘barren’ as per judaism, so brahma had a son with gayatri or ‘hagar’ in hebrew tongue the son’s name was manu/ mareech in hinduism, ishmail or isaac, who is the father of all. Hinduism is not a single institutionalized religion but a collection of belief systems it is more a way of living sarah connar thank you for your feedback your feedback is private why are tamil politicians always criticizing the hindu religion it is a business it is easy to get away with that.
Welcome to lovehabibi - the meeting place for arab singles worldwide expand your horizons by creating a free profile, check out personals, and find that special someone indian / hindu 15h selvia, 36 looking to meet new people rochester (ny), usa sarah, 21 looking for my soul mate. Welcome to the patheos hindu channel hinduism is the world’s third largest religion with over 1 million hindus in the united states alone hinduism is not an organized religion and has no. World's best 100% free hindu dating site in bali meet thousands of single hindus with mingle2's free hindu personal ads and chat rooms our network of hindu men and women in bali is the perfect place to make hindu friends or find a hindu boyfriend or girlfriend.
Meaning of name sarah - name sarah means princess (in arabic), name for princess (in arabic) see photos of people, babies with name sarah know rashi, nakshatra, religion, gender, similar names, name stories, funny talk and variant names for name sarah. Being single in my 30s allowed for these amazing opportunities what sex ed didn’t teach you about stis everygirl wedding: sarah das uncategorized it was a traditional hindu wedding ceremony outside on the lodge’s deck in the late afternoon traditional indian weddings are all about family and have a role for almost everyone but. Meet doha singles welcome to lovehabibi - the meeting place for singles in doha create an account to expand your social circles , browse doha personals, and find someone you want to hang out with.
Hindu is an official term for counting people, and this gives the statistical impression that india is a majority hindu territory even so, in 1947, only 65% of the population of india was hindu by official census definition but hindu and india have the same derivation: both terms come from the name of the indus river from the days of. Sarah olsen, rn - utah charles smart, sn - utah valley university - orem, utah ashley waller, rn - utah reviewers culture hinduism is more than a religion hinduism is a way of life for many people around the world the hindu philosophy comes from a wide range of beliefs from scriptures and many other varied religious literatures. Free hindu dating services for free dating available for single hindu men and women at cupidcom find your soulmate and enjoy communication with great people from all over the world.
Labelle is an american all-female singing group who were a popular vocal group of the 1960s and 1970s the group was formed after the disbanding of two rival girl groups in the philadelphia/trenton areas, the ordettes and the del-capris, forming as a new version of the former group, later changing their name to the blue belles (later bluebelles)the founding members were patti labelle. Hindu dating is the most popular hindu online dating site in the world with thousands of new members joining each day to find love, romance, marriage partners, meaningful friendships and relationships, we offer perfect possibilities to find and interact with like-minded hindu singles from all over the world. Furthermore, various intricately carved panels may be found in the kailasa temple some of these, for example, depict scenes from the two major hindu epics, the mahabharata and the ramayana additionally, in the southeastern gallery of the temple, there are 10 panels depicting the different avatars of the hindu god vishnu.
There is a fundamentalist hindu political party in india called the bharatiya janata party or bjp earlier this year, they won the majority of seats in the state legislature in uttar pradesh, the most populated region of india. The wife and sister sacred hindu hebrew brahma text or history abraham bible brahma‘s wife and sister is sarah wife sarasvati her beauty is so sv7962 sarah sister gen 20:12 great that brahma grew 4 faces av1917. Atonement watch full movie online free watch atonement online for free on 123movies atonement full hd free movie. Hindu's on this forum have a very perculiar way of finding the smallest and unimportant information from history and then trying to formulate a huge theory that somehow it connects that region or that religion to hinduism, therefore hinduism is the true religion or the most ancient etc.
Just like a single drop of water in a great ocean, the atman is both separate from and one with brahman (god) a hindu's spiritual goal is to unite his or her soul with brahman brahman using the information on the following slide, write the main beliefs in the box ancient india last modified by: couris, sarah. Creating a mandala of hindu beliefs hinduism hinduism is an ancient religion whose origins predate recorded history it has no single human founder and has developed over thousands of years it’s most sacred scriptures are the vedas, couris, sarah created date.
What kind of barriers and risks do single parents face in their new book, the triple bind of single-parent families: resources, employment and policies to improve well-being (policy press, 2018), editors rense nieuwenhuis and laurie c maldonado argue that understanding inadequate resources, employment, and policies matter for understanding single-parent families. English: this is a photo of sketches made by ram raz and published in 1834 the source images can be found in ram raz (1834) essay on the architecture of the hindus, royal asiatic society of great britain and ireland a scholarly review of this source: madhuri desai (2012), interpreting an architectural past ram raz and the treatise in south asia, journal of the society of architectural. Sarah, however, has been cursed by a demon and all her suitors have died on their wedding night raphael tells tobias to ask for sarah’s hand anyway, and then instructs tobias on how to exorcise.
-- English (US) -- Russian (RU) All times are GMT. The time now is 07:48 PM. vBulletin Skin by ForumMonkeys. Powered by vBulletin®.
Have an idea or suggestion you'd like to submit for consideration? Need help with your EOG account? Your feedback and suggestions are welcome here.
Welcome to Square Enix Forums. If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ. If you experience technical issues registering or logging into the forum, email us at squareenixforums [at] gmail [dot] com
Diner Dash is the action-puzzle game that brings out the entrepreneur in all of us! Here's the place to talk about it.
First drive of the second half has a real chance to set the tone. Come out and get a stop and you have a chance to actually take control.
Pretty much. As long as they're letting Adoree play physical with Gordon, I'm not going to complain about it on the other side.
But it still seems I'm missing something. I've started a game with the starting positions well apart from the others (specially mine). I think the difficulty is beginner, or it could be normal. Anyway.
But no matter what, I cannot defeat the Yor. They always win. Even when I cheat my butt off and the first 30 or even 50 planets are maxed out at 43, I cannot get ahead of them.
(for the largest planets, i make them specialize: so for a money planet, 3 or so factories, 1 farm, recruit ctr, all the rest market, reguardless of special squares.)
According to the wiki, all military and social production points comes from factories. (implied question: am i understanding that correct?)
All money comes from markets (yes?)...*but* in the actual game, these dont have an absolute number like the factories and research bldg. Instead they say 10% bonus implying a secret (so far to me) production number that this enlarges. Do people produce this? Having more people produces more of this secret production?
I'm aware that more people produce more taxes (yes?), but do they also help make all the other things a planet produces? (including ships and buildings) I.e. would a planet with 3 factories and 4 b people produce ships and buildings faster than a planet with 3 factories and 1 b people?
Population increases taxes. The base tax rate is the square root of the population (in multiples of billions), so 1 billion is 1, 4 is 2, 9 is 3, and 16 is 4. So increasing population for taxes offers diminishing returns.
I find that that tax rates in multiples of 10 greatly increases morale loss. As such, I try to keep my taxes at multiples of 10 -1, so I would use 49% or 59% taxes.
High populations is hard to keep happy. I consider 25 billion to be impossible to keep happy, so I don't grow beyond 16 billion if I can help it. Usually I settle for 1 farm and 1 morale improvement per world. For capitals, I use 1 or 2 morale improvements for good measure.
Markets and other economic improvements increase the tax rate. A 10% economic bonus should increase taxes on a world by 10%. Having an economic galactic resource rated at 10% would affect all your worlds.
You can get money through tourism. Each parsec (the little squares on the map) you control through influence pays tourism money. From what I understand, the total population of the galaxy is divided by the number of parsecs in the galaxy. So increasing the population of your worlds will increase tourism income. This will likely be smaller income than your taxes (unless you get a random event that radically increases your tourism income).
Yes, factories are good sources of production. Civilization capitals and initial colony improvements do have a base production and research rate. There are a few other improvements that also increase production and research, but they're rare.
Remember to change your spending rates. Having a lot of factories don't do you much good if your military spending is at 10%.
Anyways, could you describe what you are doing or how you are losing? Do they have more fleets than you? Are their fleets bigger? Are their ships better? You weren't clear on how they are beating you.
I find that weapons research is expensive. Research into logistics, hull sizes, and defenses tend to be the cheaper options.
Richer content, access to many features that are disabled for guests like commenting and posting on the forums.
©1995-2018 Stardock Entertainment. Galactic Civilizations is a registered trademark of Stardock Entertainment. Steam and the Steam logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Bank Gothic is a trademark of MyFonts and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. All rights reserved.
Hello, I thought it would be fun to build a brief little guide on the "general theme" of each Mercenary I currently have, and will try to help players pick and choose which Mercenaries fit their playstyle. I will update this as I get more Mercenaries. I'll try to avoid specific card picks, because making your own deck is half the fun! Plus there's a billion and one variables to look at, and I'm too lazy to analyze everyone's decks. Also, if I do happen to get any duplicate Mercenaries, I'll post in this thread and see if anyone wants to trade.
For reference, when I say decks can only have "one Blood, two Diamonds" for example, that's on a per card basis. So in the previous example, I could have one Chupacabra, one Cryptspitter and two Reversions, but I couldn't have two Chupacabras. When you see +1A/+2D, the "A" stands for "Attack" and the "D" is for "Defense" (Or health of the individual troop).
Also, due to the length, I've had to split this in to multiple posts. Apologies for the poor aesthetics.
These are cards that everyone who plays singleplayer will end up with eventually. As a result, I've put them first, as they require no investment from players.
A pretty basic Mercenary, and typically one of the first Mercenaries you'll get. His only real restraint is that you cannot select Underworld cards. In general, almost any particular card will be useful to him, though cards with 2, 4 and 6 Attack will be the most useful. His ability can be used to "scare" the AI away from attacking you, or to ensure your card won't be killed by defenders if attack. Once a card gets to 4 Attack, if it will survive attacking, always attack, as the Steadfast ability will keep them safe. Inspire, Valor and Rage cards all work very well within his deck, but be aware that cards with Diligence will almost certainly be wasted. His considerable starting Health means you can afford to tank a few hits while you build your army if need be as well.
The other "Early Mercenary" you'll get. To use him: Flood the board! Anyone with experience using Shin'Hare troops will slot in perfectly to using this strategy. As you can tell, having three or more troops, and having them attack, means you'll add a vulnerable counter to the enemy and gain three health. The former can be massively threatening (Especially when you have a lot of weak troops attacking at once) and the latter can keep you fighting for a surprising amount of time. Perfectly mirroring Augustine, he cannot include Ardent troops in his deck, though unlike Augustine, he can take only a single copy of Diamond, Ruby and Sapphire troops. This shouldn't matter though, because you should be trying to fill him up with Shin'Hare and Shroomkin troops, which will allow you to build an army of cheap, disposable troops. While effects like Rage, Diligence and Lethal can be helpful, priority number one should be getting as many troops out as posssible!
The first "oddball" Mercenary you'll likely earn (To earn him, you have to kill the Hag Queen without killing him as a troop), he's all about spamming them Humans. His default ability will summon two Townsfolk. By default, they're just terrible. However, with careful planning, they can be made slightly less terrible. With Inspire, or "Per troop" cards, they can be spammed to provide bonus stats, or Health. And when hit with Inspire, they can be used as either sacrificial defenders, or as exhaustible sources for the Dark Water to use. Which brings us to the real star of the show: The Dark Water. Using this bugger can basically render opponents impotent by denying their troops.
Sincerely one of my favourite Mercenaries to use. To get her, you need to complete the Hall of Kukutan. Before upgrading, she's an OK Mercenary, capable of putting a Buffalo called Tama down, or giving all Beasts in play +2A/+2D for a turn if that Buffalo is already present. When upgraded, every turn, your Beasts in play will receive a random Boon (Lethal, Swiftstrike, Steadfast, Lifedrain, Flight or +1A/+1D). So the solution here is obvious: Flood the board with Beasts and wait. Her ability means you can get to a point where your Beasts will be utterly unassailable. While I try not to give specific card choices, Buffalord plays in to this deck extremely well. Her ability to gain thresholds means you can put out whatever colour of Buffalos you want. She's basically impossible to use incorrectly though, so toss some Beasts in to a deck, and let her rip.
You'll unlock this ugly bugger by leveling up your account to Level 9. He's one of the trickier ones to build a deck around, because you're only one of each card (Except for resources, of course), and he tends to have a weird lull in between having one card on the board and four. The most obvious solution to using him is to pick a strong troop with either Lifedrain, or Steadfast AND Swiftstrike. The former will basically allow you to ignore damage, the latter will usually intimidate the AI in to not attacking you. A common pick with him that everyone has, is Adaptatron. Put one on the board by round two, and then you can spend the rest of the match just upgrading its abilities. He's one of the few Mercenaries where Spells and Constants will have a much greater impact on your game than Troops. His ability typically isn't worth much on its own, but can be hilariously effective against opponents like Wiktor (Draw a new card, then throw out the negative card Wiktor gave you).
These are cards that are either earned from random drops in Campaign and Frost Ring Arena, or by random drops when shopping at the Kismet specials. While some can be found in the Auction House for reasonable amounts, typically they're extremely expensive to buy that way. Unfortunately, it's about the only consistent method of getting them. As a result, I've kept this section separate from the guaranteed Mercenaries, given the considerable investment they require.
He's pretty obvious at first blush: Aim for Spirits, and aim for Constants. That said, there's a bit of finesse to both. Spirits with potent Deathcries, Deploys or effects that occur upon entering play can be very powerful, because of the ability to put them right back in to his deck after death (Note, they have to DIE for it to work, being buried or discarded doesn't count). As for the constants, while it can be tempting to go for some of the more powerful cards, try to keep a number of cheap constants in your deck (Diamond constants in particular are handy for this), because his ability means you'll need to replay them to gain power. Speaking of his ability, it's one of the few abilities in the game that can be a straight up negative if you aren't careful - you are returning cards to your hand after all. Never-the-less, it should be used when appropriate, and after the first "round" of doing it, you'll usually be able to use it every turn and put your constants right back out. This can be very handy for constants with useful deploy effects, allowing you to spam them multiple times. Be wary of selecting Ardent or Underworld troops, as you'll be forced to keep the number of Ardent and Underworld troops equal when deckbuilding. You also cannot select any Ruby, Sapphire or Wild cards.
Took me a while, because as far as I can see, he's the only Mercenary in the game where the focus in on the Mercenary himself, not Troops, Spells or Constants. To use him, you'll want to do two things primarily: Boost his charges, and boost his armor. Both should be done as often as possible. Anything regarding Health gain or Lifedrain can be ignored - he can never gain Health. So you should be completely focused on negating any damage to him, ideally through the use of armor, but sacrificing troops on defense can and will be necessary thanks to the lowest Health total in the game - just 8. Don't worry about having your troops attack the enemy, G24A-19 should be doing all the work himself for that. When upgraded, he starts with 1 Armor. While that might not sound like much, it means he can be at 2 Armor by your first round of play, which means basically no opponent will be able to hurt him early on, plus you'll start doing considerable damage earlier. He can't have any Quick Cards in his deck, but besides that, is basically an open book, so just pick whatever will allow you to build Armor and Charges as fast as you can!
One of the cutest Mercenaries in the game, and one of the hardest to use well. Sekki is all about super cheap troops, with a side bonus of being able to build Blood and Sapphire thresholds extremely quickly. This really benefits Oni troops, as they cost between 0 and 1 Resource to play, but require between 3 and 5 Threshold to use. Other useful cards are those that will allow you to return cards from your Crypt, because while Oni troops are powerful, they're delicate as glass (As befits a Ninja). While you can't use Diamond, Ruby or Wild cards, you wouldn't want to anyways. So long as you aim to keep mostly cheap cards, your deckbuilding options are fairly open.
Feels like a birdy version of Naal-Noorfoh the Just, but there's more to them than that. Unlike Naal, Tealwing is not prevented from using any shard type (Though Ruby and Wild are limited to just two common cards and one uncommon), and doesn't need to sacrifice its Constants, so you can use big powerful effects if you want to. With Constants being 1 Resource cheaper than normal, spam the ever-loving hell out of them. Troops should either be Birds, to take advantage of the 1 Resource price reduction, or catered around taking advantage of your Constants. Speaking of the latter, their Ability is both expensive and very beholden to RNG, which means you'll often have to adjust your strategy on the fly, but can give you some POWERFUL Constants. Tealwing can't use Beasts (Which is ironic, given that Birds are basically just flying Beasts) but that's basically irrelevant within the confines of the deck.
There's essentially two different ways to play him, so I'll cover them both. The first way is to get out one Underworld troop from each race, and preferably ones that take advantage of the Dreadlings (Vennen take advantage of the Spider Trait, Shin'Hare take advantage of the Shroomkin Trait and the dying, Dwarves take advantage of the Robot trait). Doing so will result in an extremely noticeable shift in power once you have all four on the board. This effect occurs on a per-troop basis, so the more troops you have out, the more Dreadlings will be created each round, so keep your troops as cheap as you can get away with (Underworld Recruiter helps out dramatically here). The second way to play them is as a Conscript-focused Mercenary. Their ability will allow you to add "Conscript two troops that cost less than this troop" to a random troop in your hand, so unlike the first strategy, expensive troops can be a boon here. Plus, focusing on cards that play up bonuses to Conscript can turn this from "maybe helpful" to "almost certainly helpful". While this still can end up giving you all four races required to spawn Dreadlings, that becomes more of a "bonus effect" with this strategy. Regardless of which way you plan, Zurxathil will allow you to two Diamond and Ruby cards, three Wild cards, and four Blood and Sapphire cards. The only deckbuilding stipulation is that you need to have at least two differently named troops from each Underworld race - but you were going to do that anyways, right?
Hawkor probably plays close to how you were already playing, just better. He's all about cards that you have equipment on. His played troops get +1A/+1D when you play an equipped card, and his ability reduces the resource cost by 1 for your equipped cards regardless of where they are. When upgraded, you can also pick a card in your deck to make three copies of (Please note, this means if you have only one copy of that card and it's in your hand, you can't pick that card) which can tie in to some obscene combos. While he doesn't allow for any Beasts in his deck (Seems to be a common theme), but allows for up to three of any card. Remember how I said Hawkor plays like your default? Pick whatever strategy you like, and simply build your equipment slots around the cards (Try to spread your equipment picks to as many cards as possible), and then just play as normal. With 22 Health and 1 Armor, he's absurdly durable, and he only gets better as he goes along. Cards that go back in to your deck upon death can be extremely helpful for him, allowing you to replay equipped cards over and over again.
Murder your own troops! OK, it's not quite that simple, but Kikaku thrives on Crypt control. Cards that benefit from others dying, such as Shin'Hare (Duh) and Gnolls are extremely useful to him, and you can end up with a field of exceedingly powerful cards in no time. It's also possible to use Undead, Vampires and Blightbark troops to take advantage of both Deathcries and Shards. To make sure you don't deck yourself out, ensure you have a method of getting troops back in to your deck or hand from your crypt. Deckbuilding for him can be a nightmare, so I'd recommend you hold off until you know what you're doing. He will require ten troops with Deathcry (Which is a LOT), plus he can't take any Diamond or Sapphire cards (Both of which would be good sources of Crypt control).
This guy plays exactly how you should be playing Vennen, and happens to be my favourite Mercenary in the entire game. His Ability provides a consistent source of Spiders for your Vennen effects to activate, and his base trait allows you to absolutely punish Ardent decks. His deck options are fairly open, with only Diamond and Ardent cards being banned, while he can take four Blood and Sapphire cards, and three Ruby and Wild cards. While this technically means you can build up a decent Shin'Hare or Dwarf deck to take advantage of the Shroomkin, you should really be playing Vennen here, as they take advantage of both the Spiderling and mill effects. In general, the only non-Vennen cards that should be here is Underworld cards that specifically help with producing Spiderlings (or milling the opponents deck), and Chaostouched to mill the opponent's deck out faster (Thus getting us more Spiderlings when we use the ability, and quicker Spider hatches).
If Baxorth is the default Vennen, Dallad is the default Necrotic. His ability might not look overly impressive - Revert a troop you control and give it a one-turn +2A/+2D bonus in exchange for a whopping FOUR charges. However, it really comes in to its own when it comes to troops with Rebirth and Shift, the two of which synergize extremely well with the Necrotics. He also gets to Fateweave once at the beginning of the game, which can account for a slight bump in the right direction for your opening hand, but shouldn't be completely relied upon to deal with a bad hand. In general, load this guy up with troops that take advantage of being reverted. While he can technically take one Ruby and two Blood and Sapphire troops, he's clearly angled towards Diamond troops. That's fine, most of the ones we want are Diamond anyways, but better still: He can take four Prismatic (Cards that take at least two different shards to play), which means cards like Iddi aren't capped to two, but four. He's a fairly weak Mercenary overall, but can fill in a niche if needed (Or if you want to see what Necrotic play like).
Special thanks to @Fred for giving me to her! Let's start with the easy part: Deckbuilding. Do you have 20 resources? Congratulations, you have a deck for Corinth! In gameplay, she plays nothing like any other Mercenary in the game. At the end of each round she swaps her hand for a new hand of four cards, and can only gain offensive cards through her ability that costs one charge, which will put up three completely random cards that you have the thresholds required to play - but not necessarily the resource count to. While this makes her ludicrously RNG dependent, in the selection, cards with Deploy, Deathcry and Create effects are all very helpful: The former two can be spammed mercilessly, because her Crypt goes back in to her deck each round, and the latter can help overcome a lack of useful troops from her ability. Speaking of her Crypt being returned to her deck each turn, she becomes basically impossible to mill out, so enjoy Chaostouched battles. As an aside, she is just about the worst Mercenary to have in your party if you aren't going to use her, because her party passive will randomly throw out a card from your hand each round.
Again, thanks Fred! Are you one of those players (Like myself) who always wishes they could justify picking a larger deck? Have I got the Mercenary for you! Requiring a whopping 150 minimum cards in deckbuilding, less than half of which can be resources, Clatterclank is basically a Mill decks worst nightmare. I actually found myself struggling to keep a theme with him, because the deck requirement is so large it's hard to fill. He will allow four of any kind of card, though his passive benefits from having at least one Artifact, Constant and Non-Artifact Troop in play at the same time, so I went with a Dwarf & Robot deck. A big part of this deck is ensuring you have sufficient card draw to keep pouring out useful cards. His charge power can be immensely powerful (If you draw an expensive card) or a little insulting (If you draw a cheap one), but should always be used, as it's only ever a positive.
Big thanks to @SlayerStronghold for this lad! In a manner of speaking, Brosi-Buk feels very similar to Corinth. His ability does the same thing as hers, he thrives with multiple shards in play, and he causes tons of RNG for himself, and his effect on the party is typically negative. Unlike Corinth, he will require you to actually build a deck to use him. This can be challenging, because every time you play a non-resource card, one of the cards in your hand gets transformed. As a result, you need to plan around both the card being useful if played and the card being useful if transformed. Prismatic cards typically excel at the role (Thanks to SlayerStronghold and CoSVII for the tip), and cards that take advantage of transforming can rapidly spiral in to absolute powerhouses. In general, try to plan out your path as best you can with playing, but don't be beholden to any expensive cards, because chances are they won't be what you thought they were by the time you get to play them.
I had a lot of fun with this one, because she's fairly focused, but also fairly niche. She's about two things: Illuminate, and Clerics. If you have a troop that fulfills both those roles, they become an absolute force of nature. She's primarily set up for Diamond and Ruby cards, though she'll allow you to run four Clerics of any shard. In general though, the game gives you a pretty healthy smattering of Diamond Clerics in Campaign. The other useful cards I've found with her are cards that refer to "Share a Class with you", because chances are basically every troop she'll be playing will share a class with her. Her ability can basically be looked at as a win condition, as having an entire field of Invincible troops attacking will board wipe the opposing troops more often than not. Further compounding that, in addition to the one Candlekin you start the game with, by round 4 when you can use the ability, you'll likely have three Candlekin at 3A/3D ready to roar. Her power gets significantly better as the game goes on, so don't worry if you take a little while to get rolling.
Thanks to Fred for this ugly bugger! Scabtongue is a bit of a tough nut to crack. He's clearly angled to using Artifacts, yet Dwarves - the best troops to pair with Artifacts - cannot be used, nor can plans. And even with Gnolls, he cannot use Blood cards, limiting the selection of Gnolls rather significantly. Never-the-less, most of the Gnolls that we want are Ruby or Wild anyways: Ruby Gnolls tend to pair up with Artifacts, and Wild Gnolls tend to react to troops dying. The former can be used with the litany of Artifacts you'll be playing, and the latter can benefit from his Ability. Speaking of that ability, it allows you to smush two 5-cost-or-less Artifacts together to make a new Artifact of the combined cost. While this is somewhat random, it can be "pushed" in certain directions by factoring in what Artifacts cost certain amounts. When upgraded, he can also destroy every opposing artifact and summon Scrapyard Dynamos for each one. In general, load him up useful Artifacts (Ones that tie in to other Artifacts being present or dying, such a Pterobot or Junk Wall, can be awesome), and off you go.
Thanks to Fred for this lass! I was never huge on Prismatic decks until I played her, and holy hell, what a great Mercenary. Her theme is blatantly obvious at first blush: Rush to get all five shards in to play ASAP (Takes two turns at minimum), then sit back and enjoy your victory. OK, so there's slightly more to her than that, but honestly, not by much: Her deckbuilding requires at least four cards of every shard, however Prismatic cards do count for both if there's something you truly don't want to run, prismatic cards will still fulfill that minimum for you. Her ability can turn monstrously difficult encounters against themselves, as you steal their best cards to use yourself (Not to mention it lets you see your opponents cards). Her two base traits make your troops significantly more dangerous by giving them +2A/+2D, and your constants all become one resource cheaper. When upgraded, she becomes even more powerful, as it will also steal a card from the opponent's deck every round, so long as you have two of each shard.
Thanks to Fred for this nekkid lady. Have you ever played an Elf ramp deck? You're completely prepared to play Lillyth. Every time you play a resource, you make a 6-resource card whose thresholds you currently have. On top of that, every time you use her ability, you play a resource from somewhere in your deck. For deckbuilding, obviously cards that help you ramp up as fast as possible are beneficial. But her biggest change in deckbuilding is the difference in the resource to card ratio. Whereas I typically aim for about 35% resources, with her you can absolutely justify going up as high as 60% resources, because those resources will give her more troops to play anyways. Her party passive is unreliable, but powerful when it activates.
The post was edited 5 times, last by SaintVicarious: Added four more Mercenaries. ( May 28th 2018, 10:45am ).
This guy's trait means that every turn, a random troop of yours becomes flying, gains one attack and loses one defense. This on its own means that cards with one health (More on that later), Rage, Diligence, Shift, Conscript, changing stats and Boons become extremely unreliable. Troops without 1 health cannot be added in to the deck during deckbuilding, but that doesn't prevent the game from spawning one-health troops by summoning (Shin'Hare, Spiderlings, Spiders) or Conscripting, and those troops will instantly die if the trait hits them. His Ability can be fairly helpful, but typically requires a lot of finesse to be useful. In general, I'll keep trying new things, but as far as Mercenaries go, you can get far better for far less.
She is very niche. She can establish complete and total aerial dominance. But if your opponent isn't playing an aerial deck, she seems sub-par at best. Will keep tinkering around with her and figure something out.
Could be a really cool Mercenary to have. Sadly, I've only seen her once on the Auction House, and they were asking six-digit Gold sums for her.
So far I have a rough Skarn/Action based Ruby deck, but it'll need refinement before I write up an entry for him.
Unfortunately, I missed him when he was in the Kismet lootbox. We'll see if a cheap one pops up later.
Like the previous two, came from an old event, so you won't be getting one with investing considerable (real) money.
Gaze upon the single most expensive Mercenary in the game. Was a reward for a tournement. If you manage to buy one of these, you probably look down on Ferraris as "too common".
Jesus, how do you even build a deck for this guy? I spent twenty minutes last night looking at him, at his themes, and at my cards, and none of it made any sense. This will probably be an "over-the-weekend" kind of deal.
I saw one of these a while back. When I looked at it, I believe it was the single most expensive anything I'd ever seen on the Gold Auction House.
The post was edited 8 times, last by SaintVicarious: Removed Count Davian from the list. ( Jun 18th 2018, 9:01am ).
@SaintVicarious: Check your in-game mail. I sent you a bunch of the ones you were missing that I had duplicates of. Enjoy.
Beware of he who would deny you access to information, for in his heart he dreams himself your master.
A big thank you to @Fred and @SlayerStronghold for the Mercs! I will scurry on home quickly tonight and get deckbuilding. List should be updated in the next couple days.
@NicoSharp your guide on HexPrimal was actually a big source of guidance when I was buying Mercenaries! Thanks!
One tip from a free-to-play player: convert some of your gold to plat, most conveniately through Bankerbot. Many of the mercs you mentioned are available for very reasonable platinum prices. Upgrading them is still expensive though, I only do that for the ones I really like.
One tip from a free-to-play player: convert some of your gold to plat, most conveniately through Bankerbot. Many of the mercs you mentioned are available for very reasonable platinum prices. Upgrading them is still expensive though, I only do that for the ones I really like.
sweetie, Rebirth is a staple of Blightbark, not necrotics, you might want to correct that part of your Dallad guide. I love your work, so I'll be lovingly ripping IT apart piece by piece if I ever notice something wrong with it
Tip for free to play Sister of the Herd: The Dream Turtle and the Chupacabra are obtainable in the campaign, and are very valuable beasts. With equipment, especially, Chupacabra is extremely dangerous under upgraded Sister of the Herd. This makes a Diamond/Blood deck very efficient.
Naal-Noorfoh is -the- Verdict master, which you forgot to mention. With charge generation or charge power reduction, he can engine Verdicts. Not to mention his spirit synergies help, as all but three units under the Twilight Host are spirits. (The other three are, largely, negligible) Additionally, when upgraded, he can produce additional constants through the passing of Verdicts.
It is a Blightbark trait, you're right. Though I find it synergizes really well with the Necrotic (Especially given that the majority of the cards with it are Blood or Diamond cards), so that's why I tossed it in there. Sorry for the confusion!
Anyways, I sincerely appreciate the ripping it apart, because I am by no means an expert player or deckbuilder, so keep the comments coming!
Naal-Noorfoh is -the- Verdict master, which you forgot to mention. With charge generation or charge power reduction, he can engine Verdicts. Not to mention his spirit synergies help, as all but three units under the Twilight Host are spirits. (The other three are, largely, negligible) Additionally, when upgraded, he can produce additional constants through the passing of Verdicts.
Yep, I personally run all five shards on my Sister, because her second ability makes it extremely easy to "make up" any missing shards needed to play another Beast, but I didn't want to steer players in a particular direction. There's some pretty good options for Ruby (Skarns getting Lethal, Crush or Rage are basically an auto-win), Wild (See: Basically everything) and even Sapphire (The Jellyfish you get from the second adventure zone can basically prevent your opponent from harming you).
I do realize he is absolutely awesome at Verdicts, however, Verdict cards are pretty hard to come by in singleplayer, so I tried to keep it fairly "open" in that sense. Definitely agree on the Spirits though, they're the only Troops I run in that deck!
Holy hell Fred, you've given me enough work to last weeks updating this list! SlayerStronghold, I'll try and work on Brosi-Buk when I can, but I don't have any real cards for the transformation theme to utilize. I'll start perusing the Auction House this weekend and then I'll get started.
I've added in Corinth the Iconoclast and Clatterclank to the guides, as they were the only two last night that I felt I had done legitimately well-enough to say "anyone can follow these ideals".
On a different note, I ended up getting a Boingo last night on a chest spin. If anyone wants him, just say so here! Please don't be a jerk though: If you're going to sell it, leave it for someone who legitimately wants it.
You should tag the mercenaries you have, even if they're pending a chance for a write-up, so that onlookers can see which ones you're still missing.
Brosi is really easy to build - all infusion devices and curios and daarmak, mind games, the other 5 shard card and some ruby sapphire prismatic cards (best draw) - you have a good chances to combo out on turn 3-4 going infinite with one daarmak.
There's a lot of read online of how it's possible because of the keynote. Some say Compressor takes advantage of Mac mini Stacks interconnected...
Hi guys, I’m planning on getting the new Mac Mini and was wondering if i could use my Apple 27" LED Cinema Display (not Thunderbolt) with it? Is...
My mac mini (2007) has a problem while installing windows. I open bootcamp assistant, I create the partition, reboot from disc and then there is a...
In the third paragraph it states "But like most Apple products, it's not really end-user upgradable, requiring a trip to a service center. This...
I have a mid-2017 Macbook Air. I am planning on getting the new mini to be a workstation for video editing, 3D modeling. Then I can use my Air on...
I’m considering a Mac Mini 3.2ghz 6 core as my main After Effects Mac and using my cMP as a render farm. I’m thinking of speccing the Mini with...
Hi everyone, I'm trying to decide between getting a base MacBook Pro 15 inch or an i9. However to make these kind of decisions I need to know how...
I've made no secret of my opinion about the (over)pricing on the new Mac mini in other threads, and my own (personal + consulting company) tally...
I have a iMac 2011 that need to be replaced. I'm a (solo) developer that work across all major platforms (ios, android, windows, linux, osx), and...
Hey guys! I am a graphic designer (mostly basic Adobe CC programs like PS, Illustrator, Indesign, and I'll dabble in the others). I was looking to...
I've been going through my head a scenario: - Trade my current MacBook Pro to a new Mac Mini While this may seem crazy to some, I have some...
I have a 2012 base Mac mini that I use for internet and email and in six years of use I have never heard any fan or other noise coming from this...
Apple mentioned briefly yesterday that multiple Mac Minis could be daisy chained together. I'm not clear on what exactly this means... does it...
Hi all, Apple hasn't updated their page on power consumption (yet). https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201897 One great thing about the mac mini...
So Apple just released the new Mac Mini. I want to run Plex Media Server on it. Additionally, I'd like to play movies from this same mac mini...
I ordered a new iPad Pro 10" 128GB in Space Grey. I used to have the 12.9 iPad Pro but found it too big. I already have a 15" Mac Book Pro 2018 TB...
Apple showcased (in today's keynote) several instances of Mac minis being stacked for improved performance and intense workloads. What if this is...
Maybe a silly question but I ve read at some point the display mirroring beetween imacs and minis, for example, were disable recently - possibly...
Today's - Oct 2018 - Mac minis regardless of other tech specifications are all equipped with the Intel UHD Graphics 630. What do folks think...
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms.
Yesterday I gave up on WPA2 working - it seems Apple hardware only likes Apple hardware (i.e. router).
Today I am on a deadline and have 1 hour left and have to burn three data discs. I inserted my blank DVD and nothing will eject this disc. I have followed the instructions here: http://www.macfixit.com/article.php?story=20041011075232575
I am really pi$$ed off with this MBP. Somebody help my tempter to calm down and tell me what rain dance you are meant to do with a Mac just to get the damn disc out (nothing written to disc as it does not show up as a volume).
FWIW, my last ditch option, restarting while holding down the right click button, has never failed me (its also written in the article you linked).
I popped in a different blank DVD, same thing. I am going to miss today's deadline to get stuff in the post (for ITconversations.com) because this damn new Mac swallows discs, will not eject them and does not show them in Finder Now it seems I am going to have to see if I can switch back to a Windows XP machine just to get work done and that sucks.
I popped in a different blank DVD, same thing. I am going to miss today's deadline to get stuff in the post (for ITconversations.com) because this damn new Mac swallows discs, will not eject them and does not show them in Finder
Are you using VMFusion by any chance? If you're running an operating system, like Windows XP, under Fusion it can take control of the DVD drive.
Sorry it's a new machine and the only thing I've installed was Paragon NTFS thingy, but I've removed that and the problem is still there.
One thing for sure it just does not work unlike the Apple ad that says different. It's only just out the box and the WiFi is patchy, I have to run the diagnostic tool each time to connect, blank discs don't eject and I installed Skype but it sounds rubbish (all broken up speech) compared to the Vaio's around the house. I will see what the Apple shop says later today about my woes. Thanks
Sounds strange to me. By the way, I'm using my new Imac (also a fresh convert from Windows) with a whole bunch of non-Apple hardware and software, without a problem -- a Linksys wireless router, HP and Samsung printers, running Windows XP under Fusion with Microsoft Office and Adobe Photoshop, Minolta film scanner, D-Link USB hub, no-name USB hard drive enclosure for Time Machine, etc. And yes, it all "just worked." Please report back on what Apple tells you.
I have an old eMate 300. There are so many new ways to connect to OS X, that I have decided to start using it again. The thing is, I have come to realize that it really doesn't have as much storage space as I need, plus, as people have mentioned in other threads before, it is a bit slower than the MessagePad 2000 and 2100. Does anyone have any suggestions on adding memory (internal or PCMCIA, if you can still get the internal memory) and any ideas for speed boosts?
I bought it 3 years ago from CompUSA, and purchased the 5year warranty. The only problem is that it didn't come with the software CD. Do you know where I can get a copy of it?
The two best links I have found regarding everything newton are the United Network of Newton Archives and the Apple Support Archives:
I'm currently developing a website regarding the eMate and only the eMate because even though it's the most recent system, it's one of the hardest to find good information and software for. I'll let you know when I finish it up.
Aside from being difficult to replace (I have two), they are not of the I'll just run down to Radio-Shack and order a replacement kind. It just seemed to me that if the Newton 2100 and 2200 had a cartridge so that a person could use AA's, so should the eMate.
I still love the computer, and until recently, it was my main field work computer. Its perfect for working in remote areas with out worrying about risking a lot of cash should it be damaged or destroyed. The text-to-speech function (never officially released) is/was one of the features that I used most.
I tried using a Handspring Visor with keyboard for working in sketchy environments, but it just kept freezing or cutting out. Now I use a QuickPad Pro for some of my work. My little QuickPad Pro survived and worked after a bus I was in sank into a river in Cambodia. Its slow, data transfer is a pain in the rear, but it runs for hours on AAs.
I e-mailed NewerRam and they said that they did not carry that type of RAM anymore, as I expected (considering the age of the eMate). Any other ideas for speed?
Post Script: SimpleTech does not manufacture the memory any more, and from what I have gleaned from opperators they stopped 5 years ago. There should still be some out there.
Can't even find it on eBay. I am headed to my local Apple repair shop to see what they have in their graveyard. Perhaps there is a damaged eMate with the memory upgrade there.
I think that I will dig my eMate out of the closet and see if I can improve the preformance with out altering the memory.
The only thing that I've done to improve the speed is by using Avi's Backdrop - I was using the Newton Underground backdrop, but Avi's made it a bit snappier.
Let me know if you find any of the chips available. I know they'll be expensive as heck, but whatever.
I just purchased and received my 2100 with the battery cage. From what I have heard, the only way to replace the batteries on your emate is to refurbish them.
This site has info on taking your battery apart and replacing the old batteries with new ones. Since I have the battery cage (along with 2-4 packs of 1800mAh batteries, I am not really worried about using the original Newton battery pack.
Also, if you want a cheap alternative to the hard to find Newton adapter, the Newton I received came with a regulated 300mAh (1.5-12v) power converter from radio shack. I plugged it in, after choosing the appropriate setting, and it worked. It should work on the eMate just as easily.
Type in "Newton" in the search field, and take a look at NewtSync, Newtourage, and NewTen. Excellent up-and-coming apps for newton connectivity to OS X. The wave of the future meets better PDA technology.
I thought about greenmachine.com, but there are too many things related to the phrase green machine, including both a drum corps and a vacuum, so maybe not.
Hi so my imac 27 inch was bouught about 2 years ago. It is equipped with a amd radeon 6970 graphics card with 2gb of ram.
Now, whenever I play a video game, such as minecraft or modern warfare, online or not the games start flashing and glitching. The more demanding it is, the more it flashes. For instance on minecraft single player it doesnt flash very much, on mincraft multiplayer it flashes more.
I know there was a recall for these graphic cards, but it said that the recall was for failed graphic cards. I wouldnt say mine has failed, as I can still search the web and such comfortably.
Take it in for service. It's not like you'd install graphics card anyway! There was a thread featuring serial numbers related to that video card recall. You can check if yours is on that list. Otherwise, it sounds like your video card has failed or it could be a chain of events (fan failure -> overheating -> vid card failure). If the problem only occurs during a game then the video card failing is most likely cause.
Well the thing is that I did read the terms. The problem is is that my graphics hard hasn't "failed" there are no blurred lines, just flashing when playing games. Also I don't want to bring it in if they won't replace it. The nearest apple store is half an hour away, and lugging a 27 inch iMac across a mall isn't easy.
Oh and yeh my serial number is one of the affected, that's why I was wondering if it could be the gpu
If your serial number is on the list, you need to sort it out before one day you turn it in and get glitches which prevent you from accessing your machine
Did everyone know this in iOS 7 or is something not new Start the music with the new Control Center and when it goes to sleep the art work and controls are on the screen with the slide to unlock below! I know the Control Center is new is the other part? This is on an iPad Mini.
I haven't noticed that yet, but for some reason...I suspect it's an Itunes thing, the album art for quite a few of my albums has been changed / updated..Most are correct, and I think it's probably due to Gracenote DB updates, but the images have changed.
Hit the home button repeatedly and it toggles back and forth between the iTunes controls and the Date and Time above the album art.
I'm a long time web designer (HTML/CSS/JavaScript) and I'm eager to expand my horizons by starting to develop web applications. I've chosen Ruby on Rails as my framework of choice because I've seen all the great things that can be done with it. Here's my question:
I'm currently on a AlBook Rev B and I'm looking to upgrade within the next 6/7 months or so (the time inbetween learning about Ruby/MySQL/LightTPD) and I want a new development box. I'm wondering if I should go for a solid Intel iMac or save up and purchase the yet to be released Intel PowerMac? My needs are pretty simple:
Will an iMac suit me fine for this or would I really benefit from a Pro box? The only added benefit to getting the iMac would be that I would have two 20-inch displays as I already have a monitor. Thanks for your insight/suggestions!
Intel iMac or iMac G5 would be plenty for what you are doing, and great for multiple other projects you may want to work on (home photos/video, etc).
I do some bioinformatics web development in HTML and Perl, and am exploring Ruby. For development and testing, there's really no reason you can't get started on your PBG4. None of the tools are particularly resource-intensive to use by themselves (unless you're using them through a gargantuan web-dev suite). For the future, an iMac should be just fine. If you need a quad-core Conroe to develop your web app, your clients might have trouble finding a hosting service that can properly run it. Also, there are reports that Perl for Darwin/x86 is substantially faster than for Darwin/PPC, and the same may be true of Ruby.
Note that the version of Ruby included with OS X is improperly configured for using Rails. You can learn the language, but to develop in Rails you need to reinstall Ruby - details and instructions are in the "Agile" Rails book and around the web.
Please log in to add Othello to one of your shelves. If you do not already have an account, register one now! It's easy and completely free, and will let you create your own shelves at Online Book Club!
Bookshelves is cool because the data is submitted by the members! But mistakes happen. If you notice any incorrect information or typos on this page, please report it.
When you log in, you can sort all the books by how many members have the books in their shelves (i.e. see the most popular books on Bookshelves). It is a great way to discover new books to read.
The November Book of the Month is If Life Stinks, Get Your Head Outta Your But's by Mark L. Wdowiak.
OnlineBookClub.org was created over 10 years ago and has over one million members. It is a FREE site for readers.
Data Protection Policy: We comply with all United States data-protection laws. We will not share your email address or other sensitive data.
Opera 52.0.2871.9 x64 beta loads about 20% of pages and there's nothing I can do to fix it. Here's a list of the things I tried:
• clearing all browser cache and unnecessary files while the browser is closed (I have my custom batch file to do just that)
• checked latencies and made tracert to different pages and servers, mostly to those that don't load properly (no problem was found)
And yet all I get from webpages (mostly from facebook) is only partial loading. When that partial loading happens, the whole page is frozen and unrefreshable, side chat is missing and the most of the post I was trying to read is missing.
ZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: Shader file version is outdated! Only is log-Z possibleZZogl: using full shaders
Think I had the wrong plugin, downloaded zzogl PG 0.1.0 and followed installation instruction online, but it doesnt seem to update in the Config graphics menu, see picture, this is after I installed the zzogl PG PG 0.1.0 DMG
(06-06-2012, 09:27 AM)keiran Wrote: Think I had the wrong plugin, downloaded zzogl PG 0.1.0 and followed installation instruction online, but it doesnt seem to update in the Config graphics menu, see picture, this is after I installed the zzogl PG PG 0.1.0 DMG
Are you sure you opened pcsx2, clicked file>exit, then opened the plugin with pcsx2? I think zedr0n leaves x11 open during the install process. It should install automatically.
If it does, try to select it, press OK and then exit pcsx2, then open PCSX2 again, if that was the issue it should now be your selected graphics plugin.
it doesnt for me how do you get it to show up please ive tried everything installing over and over i dont know what else to do...
That's I want to do is playing an hypotetical vs mode (for instance tekken's vs mode) but with the 2^nd player playing from a different LAN using a different PC.
All I found is DEV9 plugin, but it just let me play the online's contents of the game if there is at least one server still up.
nope, this feature doesn't exist. one guy started his own fork quite a few years ago, but finally gave up.
Then I could try to implement it by myself, does a manual exist that could help me to read the source code?
I need to read how PCSX2 interfaced with PADS, in particular I'd like to find out where INPUTS are sent to PCSX2 because I have to intercept it
(12-26-2014, 06:52 PM)DavideXX92 Wrote: Then I could try to implement it by myself, does a manual exist that could help me to read the source code?
If so, then it's far more than just PAD that you need to modify. Both clients need to stay perfectly synced. It's a HELL of a lot of work, and why that guy gave up.
(12-26-2014, 08:14 PM)Blyss Sarania Wrote: Is your remote player gonna be running their own instance of PCSX2?
They have to configure the netplay plugin with ip Address of the remote player and the ports (I think I'll need to use 2 ports).
After that the commands of the 2^nd player could be simply forwarded to the 1^st player's instance of PCSX2, but because of latency the 2 screens could be not synced.
Commands of local playerA, instead of being sent directly to PCSX2, has to go to the remote playerB's PCSX2 then playerB's PCSX2 instance forwards those commands both to its own instance of the game and the playerA's instance.
Below there's a picture showing the path that the command 's' of player A have to follow to reach the instances of the 2 players.
See, not only does the latency of the connection itself matter. What if one of the PCSX2 instances has a frame drop for say, .5 seconds? Then they are desynced by .5 seconds.
Even on identical computers, the instances will desync pretty quickly. Try running two instances of PCSX2 on different computers, with the same game, and watch how quickly they start to not match up.
But it CAN be done, it's just not simple. A possible idea would be to set a "pacing timer" that ticks every 50/60 frames, and if one of the PCSX2 is behind, delay the other one til it catches up. There is also the fact that each instance doesn't know it's part of an online play, so they may pick different random numbers when they shouldn't, different stages in a fighting game, and things like that. If you do succeed, we would surely like to see your work. This type of online play is something many people want(what with most official game servers being down, and very few games having unofficial ones.
I thought about this feature playing Tekken, in case of 1v1 pvp the desynchronization could not be a problem as long as it doesn't become huge, while it's important that player's commands are processed in the same order in both PCSX2 instances.
I think my architecture could ignore low desynchronization during fights, however it will probably cause problems for racing but I will think about it if I manage to run my plugin on Tekken.
My work would be shorter if I found a manual showing how PCSX2 manages the events triggered by a key pressed, does it exist?
(12-27-2014, 04:40 AM)DavideXX92 Wrote: I thought about this feature playing Tekken, in case of 1v1 pvp the desynchronization could not be a problem as long as it doesn't become huge, while it's important that player's commands are processed in the same order in both PCSX2 instances.
You might get in touch with KrossX who still comes around from time to time and he wrote a pad plugin for PCSX2. So he might have some insight.
(12-27-2014, 04:40 AM)DavideXX92 Wrote: I thought about this feature playing Tekken, in case of 1v1 pvp the desynchronization could not be a problem as long as it doesn't become huge
hi everyone i just thinking that this site is now more popular than any other forums site (especially games) but i was thinking,what about a APP of this website. i.e. facebook is sooooo famous and they made a facebook app for ipad,android and java phones,then why we not try.
(03-10-2013, 02:38 PM)refraction Wrote: i doubt its going to happen, but browsing this forum on a mobile device isn't too difficult.
pls if anyone will create such a app, then make it available for all device like java,apple,ios,android and windows.
There is a mybb plugin, which each user would have to buy and we would need to pay a monthly fee for it. So no, that won't be available to you
Writing an app to communicate with a website is possible and not too much complicated. But why do we need a dozen of apps on multiple platforms just for viewing a site? I'll write one for you if you could convince Mozilla, Microsoft, Apple... to stop developing their browsers.
(03-10-2013, 01:23 PM)lionelmessi Wrote: hi everyone i just thinking that this site is now more popular than any other forums site (especially games) but i was thinking,what about a APP of this website. i.e. facebook is sooooo famous and they made a facebook app for ipad,android and java phones,then why we not try.
how to migrate zf7372 in SZ100, which was registered in ZD3000 earlier. | Ruckus Wireless Customer Community
I have ZF7372 which is registered in ZD3000, i want to migrate it to SZ100. what additional command i need to do this....
You can factory default the 7372, and load Solo AP image on it, which lets the AP connect to ZD or SZ controllers.
Ordered an S7000 from Beach (599.00 - best price I could find, and yes I'll be waiting 2-3 more weeks to get it, but it is worth that price). The only thing I don't like about the S7000 is the 35-210MM. I want wider!
riiiiight.... I'm thinking .45 of 35MM = 15.75MM (Thats freakin fish-eye wide!) :shock: I've never used anything under 28MM. Me thinks that I'm going to see black corners in all my photos. (aka... vignetting)
I see no problem with the Fuji Finepix WLFX9 0.79x Wide Angle. That would give me my 28MM which I'm used to. sooo.....
Hmmm... how about the Oly's WCON 0.7X converter... that gets it down to 24.5mm .... a little wider than the regular 28mm.
The SDN iPhone App is back and free through November! Get it today and please post a review on the App Store!
Applying to optometry school! I went to a community college for 2 years where I did most of my prerequisites and transferred to a university...
Hi everybody! I just took the OAT and wanted to share my experience. I felt reading other people's experiences/post really gave me comfort and a...
Hey guys! I got off the waitlist at MCPHS and have an interview in a few weeks. I was wondering if anyone could describe their experience or...
I know this sounds strange, but I have been a practicing RN-BSN in critical care cardiology for almost 4 years now. When I first started my...
Hey y'all! I just finished my sophomore year of undergrad and I'm starting to look at schools that I'm interested in to make sure I'm taking the...
For SUNY, I know there is a requirement of two science professor recs, an optometrist rec, and one from a prehealth committee. For the science...
I'm pretty new to this website, and to the idea of going into optometry. I have the opportunity to graduate with a bachelor's in biology a year...
Hey! I had a question that I tried looking for but can't seem to find an answer for it. So basically I got a D in physics in my local community...
Just curious to know if anyone opted for the "Professional Transcript Entry" through Optomcas? I had a few transcripts to add due to transferring...
Applying to optometry school in the future and wanted to know about applications. How many schools/which schools did you apply to? GPA + OAT...
I'm starting my junior year of college and in about a year I'll be applying to optometry school. Right now, I have very little experience in the...
so I read somewhere that once you get notified of your acceptance you generally have 2 weeks to accept or decline... can anyone confirm this?...
Does anybody know what the cost of submitting an additional program is after you have already submitted initially? Like is it an additional $170...
Did anyone else have a transcript sent out yet that has arrived to Optomcas? I had one sent to Optomcas and one sent to my house on the same day....
I'm interested in applying to Southern College of Optometry and noticed they have an optical section on Optomcas to upload documents with...
So I've shadowed at a variety of different optometry settings (OD/OMD, group practices, commercial), but I think my optometrists back at home know...
Hello, I am currently a high school student. I am very interested in the health field and want to be a optometrist. What are the pros and cons...
I am looking at courses to take next fall and I am trying to see which one would better prepare me for coursework in optometry. One course is...
Hi friends. So. I just submitted my applications to Western, SCCO, NECO, AZCOPT, MCPHS, and PCO last night. I'm incredibly anxious on account of I...
Hi all, I am currently a junior in college, and my advisor for human biology didn't really know anything about the optometry admissions process...
Hi everyone, (i posted this thread on the pre-opt page but wanted to post on here to get a variety of answers) I've been doing a lot of research...
Hi guys, I know that it only takes a couple of days for processing any other additional applications after you have already been verified. So I...
Okay so I was inquiring about some prerequisite courses needed for Oklahoma College of Optometry and they emailed back letting me know that they...
Please report all spam threads, posts and suspicious members. We receive spam notifications and will take immediate action!
The Edwardian crown in chief varies from the standard version, in many respects. For a start the "string of white pearls" are yellow as opposed to white, fewer jewels and yellow ermine instead of white.
Adopted in 1997 and still in existence to the best of my knowledge. My source was a scan from Michel R. Lupant, Flags of Hong Kong.
Our first Featured Creative for our July theme of Interdependence is Jonathan Miller, former Kentucky State Treasurer and gubernatorial candidate, and now CEO of Second Act Strategies, a crisis management training firm. When I was consulting Jonathan as a client, I immediately identified his speech opening laugh line, The Recovering Politician, as a great premise for a community and was so excited to see his website become a hub for:”Insider Analysis of Today’s Scandals and Crises—and Tomorrow’s Second Acts.” As a very likeable guy with a rare passion for bi-partisan commentary, he managed to convince many career politicians from both sides of the aisle to be guest bloggers. Ultimately they became contributors to Miller’s book, The Recovering Politician’s Twelve Step Program to Survival Crisis and have become part of his Second Act Strategies team. Every day for the rest of this week you will get new daily teasers from each “step.” Hopefully no one reading will ever have to face the kind of mega-disasters the corporations they consult have to handle, but this is some good ammunition for coping in crisis–on any scale. Victoria C. Rowan, Ideasmyth’s Creatrix-in-Chief
I will always savor the moment: proudly standing on a flower-covered dias in a packed, Missouri Houe chamber, with my right hand raised, repeating my oath of office. My wife held our Bible, and my loving family sat in the House well observing their dad, son and brother being sworn in as the second youngest Speaker in Missouri state history.
I certainly couldn’t imagine that less than a decade later, I would be out of a job, have few friends, and be suffering in the midst of a gut-wrenching, career-ending scandal.
My predicament was largely my own doing. but it was taking responsibility for my mistakes that set me free.
Rod Jetton owns Targeted Communications, a boutique content marketing company helping businesses build better relationships with their customers by delivering content that connects. Rod served as the marketing director for Schultz Surveying and Engineering Inc. from 2010 to 2013 where he helped double the company’s revenues allowing SSE to make the Inc. 500/5000 list in 2010, 2011 and 2012. Rodney was recognized by the Springfield Business Journal as the top Marketing Director in Southwest Missouri in 2011.
Rod joined SSE after serving eight years in the Missouri House of Representatives- including four years as the Speaker of the House before term limits required him to leave the legislature in 2009. He also ran a successful political consulting firm until January 2010, helping elect several county and state officials along with managing Mitt Romney’s 2008 Missouri presidential campaign.
Of course, I was not the first public official who had inherited a scandal that was entirely not of her own making. Every day indeed, elected officials–particularly those in executive positions such as mayor, governor, President–deal with crises caused by colleagues or underlings who have not applied the same rigorous ethical and legal standards that the executive employed for herself.
Worse yet are the crises that come completely out of the blue and are the result of forces of nature: explosions, snowstorms, and natural disasters. The same rule of crisis management that I learned applies to these cases as well–gather your advisers and colleagues close, and develop and present a fix-it plan to your stakeholders. Failure to do so can transform a small crisis into a reputation-destroying catastrophe.
Lisa Borders is President of the Grady Health Foundation. The Grady Health Foundation is the fundraising arm of Grady Health System, Georgia’s largest public hospital and metro-Atlanta’s only Level I Trauma Center. As President, Lisa is leading the Greater Grady capital campaign – a 5 year, $325M effort – and guiding the system’s fund-raising efforts during the most important period of Grady’s history.Formerly, Lisa Borders served as President of the City Council and Vice Mayor of Atlanta. She was elected citywide in a special election in August 2004 and re-elected by an overwhelming margin in 2005’s normal citywide election cycle, serving through January, 2010. Her duties included presiding over Council meetings, appointing committee chairs and participants for Council and maintaining relationships with the Executive branch of government. Her community initiatives included increasing the availability of affordable housing, uncovering transportation solutions to address our region’s traffic challenges and promoting neighborhood safety and preservation. She also served as Co-Chair of the Transition Team for Atlanta Mayor M. Kasim Reed.
Want to read more about Step Seven or Step Eight? Purchase a copy of The Recovering Politician’s Twelve Step Program to Survival Crisis here.
Posted in Book Biz, Book Ideas, Branding Ideas, Communications, Featured Creatives, Good Ideas, Gordian Knots, Inspiration, Writing and tagged Interdependence, Jonathan Miller, leadership advice, Michael Steele, self-help, Steve Levy, The Recovering Politician, Writing.
Do you have something to say? Get online! Having an online presence is easy these days. You've got to be out there; that's what we help you do.
We create an avenue for businesses, organizations and individuals to have an online presence in order to improve their visibility and effectiveness.
We ensure you get found by your target audience, stay connected with them and get performance metrics to evaluate how your website is doing.
iDEATEWEB is a web consulting firm that has been in the business of building websites since 2008. At iDEATEWEB, we provide you a 360° web solution.
We build websites that build businesses; sites that bring your dreams online to your target customers and meet the present day standards and technologies.
Help your Search Engine rankings and engage your site visitors by keeping your website content up to date. Integrate blogs, create surveys, manage online event calendars.
You are better off leaving the hassles of making website updates and improvements to the pros. Make website changes you need as often as you want.
Target the right audience to meet up with your expanding business goals. Give your website a facelift, boost your brand image, traffic, leads and sales.
Leverage the internet as an advertising tool. Promote your business and create awareness with today’s most cost effective online ad service.
Get key insights that help drive the evolution of your products and services. Make informed marketing decisions and mesaure website successes and failures quickly.
Beyond having an online presence for your business, get found online by your target audience using our proven SEO techniques.
Stay connected to your customers and get directly into their inbox. Create, send, track bulk HTML email campaigns and online surveys.
We appreciate your interest in our services. We want to hear about your upcoming projects. Request a free quote to kick-start your project. We will get back to you within one business day, usually by email.
Want to say hello or find out more? We are happy to answer any questions you might have. Just send us a message in the form below. If you dont get a reply immediately, pardon us, we might just be busy on some projects. We will get back to you as soon as we can.
Great Photo essay Christopher, loved the music too - what a mood the photos and music create, makes me want to take pictures. Really nice. have sent it to my primos who are from venezuela, looking forward to see what they think. Suerte Richard
I was Born and raise in Venezuela, been living in Spain for the past 3 years. Left Caracas when I finished my Business Degree. Lived there for 23 of my 28 years of existence. And I couldn't have thought a better way to describe it as the way CA does in here. The sad part is that it wasn't like that 15 years ago, and it will never be as it was in my childhood years.
brilliant exploration of culture de Caracas. passionate coverage and truthful "light" is what photography is all about.
Wondering how a quantum torpedo works, or trying to decipher Data's technobabble from Generations? Get your answer here!
It's Dirk vs LeBron. Dallas Mavericks vs Miami Heat. It should be good and it starts tomorrow. Poll will only stay open one week.
Feel free to browse through our public forums, The Commons and The World, to see what we're saying on a variety of topics.
Insults are effective only where emotion is present. -- Spock, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" Stardate 3468.1.
Hi what does everyone think of my cute mulatto baby photo? My Mom took me to a casting call for a Cheerios commercial in LA years ago but she missed the appointment due to traffic. I missed my big break huh.
“If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing.” ― Malcolm X
Reminds me of an old friend who had fetal alcohol syndrome and an autistic lawyer when I was on jury duty. Weird facial features are associated with both.
I will accept no further friend requests. This doesn't mean I don't love you or anything so don't be offended.
Juror #1 was black and hot so I'm not racist. I wanted to be sequestered with her. Then they run out of rooms and beds...I had a fantasy going on.
It's not too late to take full advantage of fall! It's November, the official start of "late fall". A perfect time to enjoy the late season sales and the cool weather that makes for comfortable, bug-free outdoor planting. The other benefit to fall planting is that come spring, it's done! Your plants are waking up … Continue Reading ››
Fall sale flags are in full bloom at Knecht's, and that is perfect because fall is a great time to plant! All of our plants are on sale 20%, 30%, 40%, or even 50% off their regularly marked prices! Stop in to enjoy the fall colors … Continue Reading ››
20% Off30% Off40% Off50% OFFAll Plants On SaleFall color SaleFall SalefeaturedOctober SaleSale Flags
ALL the trees, shrubs and perennials at Knech'ts Nurseries are now on sale priced at 20% to 50% off. Big savings are available on all of the thousands of trees, shrubs and perennials that Knecht's has in stock and ready for fall planting projects. As … Continue Reading ››
Once again we are headed into a period of the year that is Prime Time for many of our most enjoyable outdoor activities. Viewing the beautiful autumn leaves, hiking, canoeing, boating, football games, the World Series and camping can all be enjoyed … Continue Reading ››
Once again we have lost our minds and have placed every single plant at Knecht's nurseries on sale at discounts of 20% off to 50% off, depending on the variety. The 2015 Fall Sale runs from October 1st through November 8th. People love these huge discounts … Continue Reading ››
We have permanent career opportunities, and seasonal full-time and part-time positions available. CLICK HERE to see our employment page for details on these positions and how to apply.
Blog archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 October 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 January 2008 November 2007 October 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 November 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 August 2005 April 2005 February 2005 June 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004
This is a beautifully drawn example with superb colours including soft reds, yellows, greens, blues and pink. The border is a classic Senneh design on a soft red ground.
To purchase an item on-line please click on the BUY NOW button and enter 0 in the shipping cost box.
To pay by credit or debit card over the phone, please contact us on 01608 652111 or 0044 1608 652111 from outside the UK.
United States sanctions against Iran, we regret that due to the current US sanctions against Iran we are unable to ship any items of Iranian / Persian origin to the United States.
The ANTIQUE SENNEH RUG, IVORY GROUND WITH HERATI DESIGN, FULL PILE, CIRCA 1900 has been added to your saved items.
You can either contact Cotswold Oriental Rugs for shipping costs now or continue to make this payment without entering a shipping cost. If you do not enter a shipping cost at this point, Cotswold Oriental Rugs may request a further payment from you to cover shipping. £
street dating revealed dvd100 free dating no hidden costs canadadating an church orthodox womanHome webcams sexytiger online dating forCam to cam chat with women without registration and sign up
Just leave a request and our site will pick you the best offers, find the right products and services at the best price in Ханты-Мансийске.
The exhibition 'A Linguagem das Plantas' opens on January 30 (6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.).until March 6, at the Giefarte Gallery.
In A Linguagem das Plantas, the artist Jorge Santos presents several series of paintings, as if they were "standard modules", provoking minimal and repetitive chromatic games. In space, works multiply in rhythm and pure color, in an analogy to the simplicity of oriental painting patterns. In this project, the artist perceives the language as a form and color, presenting in delicate lines the plants, whose compositions are determined by a "painting with scissors", in a dichotomy between flat and uniform colors, staging the movement and the lightness that flows . This privileged vision of the Plant puts the viewer in other conceptual aesthetic experiences, namely, the Belo and the poetic language of the work of art
Flat Image responds to the need for reduction in scale during increasingly unaffordable times. The works selected reflect on larger reality by making it into a two-dimensional image, bringing vast spaces into the confines of a small gallery perimeter. Artists Olivia Bax, Nicky Coutts, Theodore Ereira-Guyer, Sam Llewellyn-Jones, Felippe Moraes, and Jorge Santos are set in a prolific dialogue and in close proximity to each other. In the exhibition reduction is considered not only as the timeless effort to approximate reality through the limits of representation, but also as a practical and unpredictable solution to the problem of living expenses. Can a small space allow for a greater concentration of dialogue when artists come together? How does the flat image expand the confines of spacial and temporal scale? The show is a prompt to see the artworks as copies of interpretations of reality. What is gained when this information is shared and travels through the visitors?
Flat Image includes painting, sculpture, print and photography. It considers the potential of reduction of scale and space in the present constraints.
дипломы за рабочие качества: 5-II, 6–III, высшая оценка экстерьера: отл., плем. класс: элита, на выставке: БЗМ
We are delighted to feature a beautiful collection of high quality, modern, contemporary and classically inspired furniture, mirrors, lighting and decorative tabletop accents, from leading US and International Designers / Manufacturers, many of which are Limited Editions, Limited Stock or Custom Made to Order. Each item has been carefully chosen by our design team to be incorporated on our on line presentation portfolio to offer to our Hospitality, Hotel and Resort Interior Designers also available to Residential Interior Designers and Retail Clients too. To list and view over 3,500 interior design accents click left hand listings or click one of our popular underlined collection links:
* This Limited Production Design: Will only be produced for a limited period circa 12 - 18 months after which design will be retired, no more will be made
We are delighted to feature a beautiful portfolio of over 5,000 Limited Production and Custom Made To Order High Quality Modern, Contemporary and Transitional Designs: Furniture, Wall Mirrors, Wall Art, Lighting, Decorative Decor, Accessories and Gifts. Our products are featured at many of the worlds most luxurious Luxury Hotels, Resorts, Casinos, High End Hospitality, Commercial, Maritime and Residential Interior Design Projects SEARCH BOX: Use our search box top left of the page to find the perfect solution
* Copyright: This item is covered by our design partners copyright and may not be copied or reproduced
* Limited Production Designs are high quality designs only produced in consignments of circa 50 units every quarter
* International Orders: All Orders Shipped Internationally Buyer is responsible for Import Taxes & Duties
Services, Insulation Removals, Insulation Removal, Melbourne, Insulation Prices, Insulation Installers,, Old Insulation, New Insulation, sound insulation, noise reduction, sound block out, wall insulation, floor insulation, roof insulation, roof batts, foam insulation, thermal insulation, energy efficient, bill reduction, energy bill, dust removal, roof cleaning, damaged insulation, wet insulation
As a family owned and run business you can be sure you are getting the job done properly, to your satisfaction, at the right price and with a full guarantee. Insulation Removals offers competitive prices and reliable insulation services.
Our company uses only the most efficient and up to date technology to ensure that the job is done to the customer’s satisfaction. As there are two different types of insulation, loose or batts they are removed in different ways.
Our Trucks are mounted with a large Vacuum Tank purposely built to remove Insulation and Dust from your ceiling cavity.
It is a very powerful machine that transfers the old loose material via a 75mm vacuum hose (capable of reaching 50 meters) through proper Hepa filters to a bag house with minimal human contact and exposing very little material to the outside air.
Old Batts are bagged up by hand and then the vacuum system is used to remove any excess material/dust left behind.The Bags of old insulation are then transposed of in accordance with Environmental standards.
If you have purchased the stock yourself, and require it to be installed, Insulation Removals are happy to do this for you.
March is a busy month for pro cycling. Even if you had the free time and inclination trying to watch as many races as possible it would not be easy, you’d need determination and several screens. Races are spread over several channels and for many fans there’s sometimes no legal way to watch a race because it’s not on TV.
The internet’s changed expectations leaving fans wanting to watch every race going and thanks to the web it’s often possible, at least if you resort to so-called pirate feeds. But there’s a better way: use a VPN.
A what? A VPN is a Virtual Private Network and it can allow you to get around geo-restriction technology. Normally if you try to watch Sporza’s coverage of a race from outside Belgium you are blocked. There are reasons for this, they don’t have the rights to broadcast the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad internationally for example. With a VPN you can select “Belgium” and it tunnels your internet connection right into Belgium, fooling Sporza into thinking you’re a local and so you can watch the race. Typically you can subscribe to a service or, if you use the Firefox or Chrome browsers, try the Hola plug-in.
Of course you might be used to pirate feeds but these are a horrible way to watch a race. Yes they’re free but you get low resolution images that are as pixelated as a Picasso painting while you play whack-a-mole with the pop-ups, all while risking malware and the prospect of the feed dropping with 5km to go. With a VPN you watch what the locals watch and it’s usually a lot better. Of course this means foreign language commentary but if you’re already watching a pirate feed chances are you’ve got foreign language commentary.
Some US fans use a VPN to pretend their internet connection is in the UK and then sign up for the Eurosport Player service, a subscription version of the sports channel on the web. This means paying twice, first for the VPN, second for Eurosport but you’ll get English audio and you can go “full screen” on your computer for a high quality image. Also for US fans keen to watch RCS’s Italian races, note that BeIn Sports offers an online option now too, you can watch via your browser if you or a friend has a subscription; if, say, your apartment block can’t get BeIn, you can pay for a friend to have it and ask for their log-in.
Don’t fear foreign commentary: There can be long moments when nothing is happening and you’ll have no idea what the TV commentators are saying: but that’s only because there’s nothing happening. Once the action picks up you’ll hear names being called and things get obvious. A vall on Sporza is a fall, an attaque on RTBF is an attack and of course English language commentary is infested with foreign words like peloton, bidon and pavé.
Motoman: watch enough races and you’ll start to learn more terms and the local broadcaster is often superior because they have a reporter on a motorbike, Sporza has Renaat Schotte and for the Tour de France France Télévisions has two roving reporters, one covering the break and the other monitoring the back of the bunch.
Right VPN: there are some free VPN clients but you need to select a provider that will tunnel to the destination of your choice and offers enough bandwidth. For example Tunnelbear is free but it has a fixed allowance per month. So before you install any software, yet alone pay for a VPN subscription, check that you’ve got the countries covered. The Hola plug-in for browsers is a good free service but is sometimes blocked by broadcasters. Some VPN providers offer several options including apps for your smartphone so you can watch a race via a 4G connection.
Tip: if you watch on a computer plug it in to your TV via an HDMI cable and the image quality can look sharper, despite the larger screen
It feels wrong to explain sneaky tricks to watch races and if a VPN isn’t a pirate feed, it’s a submarine-like tactic. There are three justifications or excuses:
sometimes there’s no other way to watch the race, even if you subscribed to every sports channel going at home the race is simply not being shown in your country
“everyone else is doing it” line. A flimsy excuse but even pro TV commentators who work for one channel do it to keep up with the sport
chances are you’re already using pirate feeds and if you are, a VPN is better than a pirate feed. There’s no malware and you’re not implicitly or explicitly contributing to illegal streams. Plus you’ll show up on the domestic broadcaster’s audience stats, a little boost their ad revenue
You’re almost always better off watching a race properly on TV, the image quality is superior and whether it’s by adverts or subscription you are paying towards the costly coverage. However this sometimes isn’t possible and many endure dodgy pirate feeds. If you’re in this rogue boat you’ll find a VPN connection offers smoother sailing. Some VPNs are free, some have a charge. It’s hard to recommend a single provider, shop around. But it’s a superior way to watch a race if you cannot find it on TV at home, a small price to pay to get rid of the pirates.
BRAVO! I was just trying to explain this scheme to a friend back in the US of A and here you’ve laid it all out fantastically….as the Brits say (too often) BRILLIANT! In the USA where we are stuck with Heckel and Jeckel or some other schlocky announcer who wouldn’t know a chainring from a chaingang, even if you don’t understand much of the language REAL cycling commentators can be much, much better. Whether they are Dutch, Italian, French, etc. at least they know what they’re talking about.
That reminds me – please put up some sort of tip jar for those of us who want to chip in to offset some of your costs but aren’t interested in buying more “stuff”.
Good points. Belatedly tried Hola for OHN last weekend so I could enjoy the Flemish commentary as much as a better quality stream than the pirate alternatives. Unfortunately it didn’t seem to have Belgium as an option by default so I need to go back and work that extra step out (any tips appreciated). As things were getting exciting typically early I shelved the idea and went back to my grainy feed and settled for muttering some Flemish phrases to myself…
I watched what appeared to be a french commentary of the Omloop (or maybe its was Burne, I can’t remember) and the commentator kept saying what sounded like “tut-sweet” very animatedly. I’m too lazy to Google what it means but it keep making me giggle everytime he said it, so I turned of the sound to maintain decorum.
The correct word is “Toot-sweet” and it’s the key phrase in that candy song from the movie “Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory”–the original one with Gene Wilder (and not that freaky version starring Johnny Depp). And, yes, it is a funny word. [I’m not going to use my name on this one–it’s going anonymous.]
I find that if I go to a website and let it load, when that is done I click on the little fire symbol for Hola and the country of the website pops up as a choice to browes from, the website then reloads “in” the local country.
Many thanks for the info Dave. As memory serves (I’m not in front of the computer right now) I was following the instructions to set up a VPN before then trying to view the site and couldn’t see Belgium as one of the 19 selectable options.
Your way sounds a lot simpler (sounds like a rare case of me over thinking things…) so I’ll give it a go pre the next Sporza weekend, thanks again.
Upon reflection I think my problems may also be as I switched to an IPad as the kids commandeered the desktop. Shouldn’t be a problem next time round – I normally can’t get a look in on the IPad!
I have to use VPN as a means of avoiding Russian Eurosport! I subscribe to Cycling TV and use a US/Canada VPN address when watching their Geo-restricted coverage.
It’s a pity the ip filters aren’t a little more sophisticated. I understand they want to sell TV rights in every country, and that Internet streaming rights are bundled with them. And I also understand that a company that has paid for rights and wants to get its money back through subscriptions doesn’t want to lose viewers to free streams paid by Belgian taxpayers. But once the race started nobody wins by disallowing people to view your stream if they are from an area where there is no coverage whatsoever. More people seeing the roadside ads, the jerseys etc is good for organizers and teams. Stats on how many people tune in to foreign online coverage could be used to convince a broadcaster to get the rights next year, etc.
The answer to that though is that if it was economically viable to be doing it then someone would be. People don’t wilfully turn down opportunities to make money. To my mind the worse sin is buying up rights but then not using them as sometimes happens.
Never underestimate the power of stupidity and laziness. Changing an IP filter list takes 30 s or so? But indeed I doubt that the extra viewing stats on the web feed would make a difference to Sporza’s budget, I think the TV broadcast is their main thing.
And another thing, when I’m at home I can watch Sporza as it is included in my TV package. But I ‘m still not allowed to watch the Internet feed at moments when I don’t have access to a TV.
Blimey this article has made me feel old and a luddite 🙂 But I will go scurrying away to reseach and try and understand this so thanks as always for educating and enlightening me.
I do this and it isn’t complicated. Subscribe to Astril VPN, download the program or app, go over to steephill.tv to check out the coverage options, choose desired country, watch.
When it comes to cycle racing TV viewing, I’m like the cheap whore in a local dive bar at 3 a.m.: I don’t care whether it’s some grainy quality pirated feed with pop-up malware, if it’s free, I’ll do it. [Another one that’s going out anonymously.]
If anyone was chasing people who watch pirate feeds there would be a lot more people in jail. In truth, they are more concerned about the people who re-broadcast the pictures or make money from doing so. No one cares about the middle-aged guy in his armchair looking at his laptop.
People (myself including) go to amazing lengths to avoid a broadcast where Liggett and Sherwen are commentating.
Your post reminded me I spelled their names incorrectly. I should have written Heckle & Jeckle. I still laugh when I recall a old Giro d’Italia VHS tape where they whined that RCS used jerseys of different colors than their beloved TdF just to confuse them or trying to explain to someone that cycling’s “El Diablo”s real name was not pronounced as CHEE-a-POOCHIE, no matter what Heckle or Jeckle said on TV.
I’m one of these people. Ever since they made fools of themselves over Lance I literally cannot listen to a word either of them say. Its quite hard to avoid them though as they have fingers in lots of colonial pies. It seems I must still endure them at the Tour Down Under and the Tour of California. Thanks to Eurosport the Tour de France is now Carlton Kirby’s world of the strange with Sean Kelly disagreeing with everything he says.
I grew up listening to a more lyrically poetic Phil Liggett, but the Lance debacle has soured me to the point of avoiding them at all costs. Carlton Kirby is my current favorite and Sean Kelly is the perfect disagreeable straight man. I miss the drunken ramblings of David Duffield who had a different retired pro commentating partner at each race. Typically, the race would be one that the retired pro would have had some great mishap or misfortune in at some point in their otherwise illustrious career and Duffield would inevitably bring this up as a talking point during a slow point in the race. As for the guy doing Cycling TV commentating, don’t get me started. Half the time he doesn’t know who is who. He could never seem to recognize Saane Cant during one world cup despite the fact that she was in second AND wearing the belgian national champion jersey…
+1 for “suitcase of courage”, however I feel “red zone” will be even an even more inebriating phrase.
Claiming Floyd had 11x the regular level of testotsterone in his urine because “he’s a very manly man” like he’s Chuck Norris or something.
Claiming a man from the US government cornered you in a restaurant toilet nad offered you big money to make up bad things about Lance. Like they would need to.
A former employer hired him to give us a motivational speech a couple of years ago. It was like being geed up by Alan Partridge.
Cyclingtorrents.nl + Apple TV = HD bike racing that I can watch on my schedule on the big screen or on my iPad on the trainer.
They memorably broke into English when Cancellara had broken away from Boonen during the Tour of Flanders a few years ago and said, in best Apollo 13-speak, ‘Boonen, we have a problem’. Brilliant!
Yep, that was “Balen, we have a problem”, but as far as I remember it was not in the Ronde, but in the Paris-Roubais the week after Boonen got dropped in the kapelmuur. Great cycling was that.
By the way, it is true that Sporza comments are just brilliant. You can hear how flemish people just love cycling races, provided you have some notions of dutch of course…
I didn’t know this VPN stuff. I understand that it is posible to connect to Hola and watch Sporza for free from outside Belgium???
Eurosport showed it in Australia with Rob Hatch doing the commentary. You’d think it would therefore be available via their player.
That was Flanders Classics’ international coverage. Rob will be doing the lot but unfortunately bar RVV/ToF, only Omloop, Scheldeprijs and Dwars Door Vlaanderern are gettting shown on the UK cycling.tv subs. No broadcaster here of Brabantse Pijl and Gent-Wevelgem. Sky had the rights last year but they appear to have declined to show anything this year.
meant to say that Tour of Flanders is of course on Eurosport but they don’t have the UK rights to the 5 other Flanders Classics events.
I usually wait for a few hours, download the race from ct and then watch it when it’s convenient. I do have to stay away from news sources that could spoil it, but where I live that is very easy.
I was waiting for someone to mention this. I’ve used Cyclingtorrents.nl for over 5 years now and it is fantastic. Living in the US, I can download any European race immediately after work and watch it that evening in HD. I prefer British Eurosport and with this site I have been able to avoid the horrible US commentators and Phil/Paul for years. It takes some effort to maintain a decent ratio but its worth it.
Some races I’ll only watch in their native Flemish like the Omloop last weekend. Can’t understand a word they’re saying, well, the occasional word maybe, but it adds to the character of the race. You can turn it into a drinking game and down one every time he says ‘ho ho ho’! 🙂
This is a very confused article. It seems to look down its nose at “pirate” feeds with the whiff of the suggestion that they are illegal. But how is using VPN any less so? The only reason to use VPN (which cost money do they not?) is, as they article says, to trick broadcasters into thinking you are in their country so you can use their service like a native. How is this any more moral than a “pirate” feed? Its pure and simple deception. For example, if one wanted to watch the BBC from outside the UK you can’t. Its a broadcaster paid for by a tax that UK residents must pay. If you tunneled in from abroad with a licence you would effectively be stealing the output without paying for it. Instead of “getting rid of the pirates” (why do we want to do that?) you simply become the pirate yourself.
You also talk about people feeling entitled but then complain that pirate feeds are sometimes dodgy and unreliable! What is that if not you thinking you are entitled to HD quality images?!
I don’t have a TV and have watched pretty much everything online for years. So a pirate feed may be dodgy. I’m grateful it exists at all. I don’t feel entitled to a HD feed, (never had an HD TV anyway) and come from a time when NONE of this was viewable from my location in the first place. People DO feel entitled and they act like babies when they can’t get what they want. I’m just happy to be able to see anything at all.
PS I’ve used pirate feeds for years and never once got any “malware”. Any decent ad blocker solves most of the issues. Yes, these days some feeds won’t let you watch unless you disable it but in that case I just refuse to play the game and try to find another.
It’ll depend where you live but normally watching a pirate feed isn’t illegal, but the act of streaming the broadcast is, that’s the pirate part. However using a VPN isn’t illegal so you’re a step or two further away from bad stuff. Like I say above it’s still questionable but if you are using these low-fi pirate feeds then a VPN will probably offer superior viewing.
Using a VPN isn’t illegal. Using it to access services you wouldn’t otherwise be able to (for example, because of residency requirements and a geo-locked feed) is. And even where it isn’t its directly morally dubious on your part. No matter which way you want to slice it.
Let’s face it, at the end of the the day no one is broadcasting this stuff for free and we are quibbling about ways to pay less or nothing for it.
They might not be broadcasting for free, but if it is advertising paid then we – as the audience – are the product they are selling.
Andrew, as several others have mentioned, there are ways to minimize the dubious factor and make the use of VPN less piratical than direct pirate feeds. I have been using VPN for several years in combination with a legit subscription to Eurosport UK– legit as in I pay a monthly fee, and only very slightly dubious in that the US television titans have decided that US residents should not be able to access Eurosport. But my personal moral-o-meter is in the green zone on that subterfuge.
Well it’s not the “US Television titans” that have decreed that you can’t watch Eurosport. Eurosport is a European network which has payed for the right to broadcast events in Europe. It has not payed for the rights to broadcast in other territories. Eurosport is obliged to block access from territories that it doesn’t own the rights for. The rights money goes back to the race organisers. That’s a large part of their income to pay to put on the race. So if we all keep watching for nothing eventually no race. The margins for most races are razor thin – for many they actually lose money in some years and hope to make it up in others. They also get income from sponsors of course, so it’s a fine balance between getting more TV revenue and getting more bums on seats to please the sponsors.
You’ll also find that the reason some races aren’t shown in some territories is that no local broadcaster thinks that it will attract a big enough audience (they’re usually right – they know their business).
No broadcaster “buys” rights and then doesn’t use them. What tends to happen is that races run by the same organiser (e.g. ASO) will get bundled. So if you buy the rights to TdF then in the package there may be rights to show the highlights of Paris- Roubaix usually a week after the event. (The live rights to Paris-Roubaix are a different matter). It’s all a matter of the rights holder (usually the Race Organiser) trying to maximise their revenue.
What laws exactly do you have in mind that makes it illegal to use a VPN to access a service that uses geoIP filtering?
The problem is that IP addresses simply were never intended to have any correlation with geographic location. And they do not have. Further, nor were TCP or HTTP connections. GeoIP databases are fundamentally flawed at a technical level. They simply can never ever be anything other than a rough approximation. A rough approximation which will often be wrong, both in incorrectly allowing and incorrectly denying access.
This only applies to public broadcasters subsidised with a license fee. For commercial broadcasters such as ITV the coverage is paid for by ads, which you’re watching if you use a VPN, which seems fair to me. Also, countries like Spain, Holland, Russia don’t have a license fee for their public broadcasters, so you’re not cheating them out of a license fee by watching.
It might seem fair to you, but ITV will have paid for UK rights only. Another broadcaster may have payed for rights in the country that you’re trying to watch from. Or the race organiser may have failed to do a deal in your territory because the TV company wouldn’t pay enough or anything.
Yes if you’re getting the ads that support the broadcast you might feel a bit better about yourself but usually ads are targeted at the home audience. If you’re in the US then an ad for Lidl isn’t going to induce you to shop there. So the advertiser doesn’t get any benefit at all.
The licence fee may have been abolished in The Netherlands long ago but Dutch public television is still partly paid from public funds, just from the general tax funds instead of a dedicated license fee. Dutch public television is a bit weird in the sense that they are also partly funded by ads. They don’t have commercial breaks within programs but commercials are shown between the end of one program and the beginning of the next. If you watch the NOS live coverage of races online you will find you first get an advertisement before the stream starts. If you’re tuning in from the US it is highly likely that you won’t be of use to that advertiser, but nevertheless I’m pretty sure the broadcaster will only welcome extra views.
I live in Russia but pay the UK licence fee (well the wife does!). I feel quite justified in using a VPN to watch it.
channels that broadcast the feed for profit make money by selling ads, a TV channel like BBC may not sell ads but does have to determine if carrying the feed brings in enough viewership to warrant continued coverage.
By using VPN and using the eurosport player/BBC iPlayer you become measureable (x number of people clicked on and watched y amount of the race). This helps support continued broadcasting of races. So you may not pay your TV license but you can contribute.
Are you arguing that using pirate feed is somehow less illegal and morally superior to using VPN just because you are getting bad quality out of it? I beg to differ.
Personally I am a paying Eurosport customer which is the only channel I can get in Sweden showing cycling. Sometimes in addition I also purchase Eurosport Player during the intensive parts of the season to easier watch on the go. But if there are races I have no way of watching through Eurosport I wouldn’t feel guilty turning on the VPN and watch where it’s available. I would also not mind using a Swedish VPN to watch Eurosport if I am abroad where my subscription isn’t valid.
It does highlight a sad fact, that although there is an obvious audience for the races it isn’t enough to justify anyone in your country bidding for the rights.
Ultimately this boils down to “Shut up and take my money” to the organisers… wonder how many people reading this would pay a nominal monthly subscription to a cycling only sports channel? Make it available to all online and subsidised by the sponsors at each race in exchange for global exposure.
Its a strange conundrum really. In the UK the major commercial broadcaster (ITV) made a major song and dance about the 3 Yorkshire stages of last year’s TdF (including whole day coverage) and yet potential viewing figures for most races of the season seem to be regarded as statistically insignificant so that no UK broadcaster even seems to bid for the rest. The world champs are on the BBC, Sky bag a few in-season races (sometimes as highlights) and the rest is Eurosport (who aren’t British but have a UK version of their product). In order to watch Eurosport though you need to have some satellite or cable package (or pay online for their player).
Considering all this it often baffles me that the UCI block most of their events from being viewed on You Tube from the UK. This seems to suggest someone bought the rights but chose not to show it.
To be fair, ITV4 shows a decent amount of cycling, live or otherwise. They show every Tour stage livem even if the TdY ended up on mainstream. Even the Beeb showed the Giro live for 3 stages in NI last year (they took the international broadcast, just as ITV do for the Tour). They stuck Jill Douglas & AN Other on the front and back and called it their own.
The BBC hold the rights to all World Championships stuff and the UCI will have to block anything that might be shown in the UK.
Ok several points here. ITV’s audience to the Yorkshire stages was up over 2 million per day. In the past when they’ve shown same day highlights of Paris-Roubaix they were lucky to get an audience of 200,000. Thus they don’t think it’s worth making the considerable investment in live rights and production costs to shown Paris-Roubaix. They consider that they’ve tested that market and it didn’t work for them. They can get a bigger audience showing an old James Bond movie – so that’s what they do. The answer is when cycling is on it’s vital that people actually watch it.
The UCI will geo block its YouTube events when there is a UK broadcaster who has the rights. So they can’t show World Track champs because the BBC has the rights and is using its own website and red button service to show it. At last year’s Road World Champs the BBC didn’t want to show the Women’s TTT. Thus the UCI could stream it.
I like to watch a few minutes of live coverage of the big races during my lunch break. VPN and pirate feeds are the only way to see those, though recently I’ve taken to waiting and watch all-too-brief highlights and ‘last 5 km’ recordings on Sporza, Vier, Youtube etc that give me some idea of what happened at the sharp end.
I subscribed to Eurosport just to get away from Statler and Waldorf’s toe curling stream of clichéd drivel, with getting riders and races wrong by an entire generation being a speciality.
When watching a foreign feed I’ll usually flip over to the CyclingNews live text updates if I need clarification on the state of play. It can also help get up to speed on any rqace where the on-screen info is a bit sparse and you want to know the names/time gaps etc of the break.
That’s certainly one source. I particularly love Twitter to keep up to date. Thanks to a range of people but to pick one out @PelotonWatch provides mind boggling comprehensive coverage with numerous overlapping race updates on any given day, so a public thanks to him/her/them in particular.
If it’s broadcast live – there is the occasional exception – then for live updates in English, you’ll struggle to find better than CyclingQuotes. They know their racing and they can ID riders and read dossards. Which is more than you can usually say for CN.
For those poor souls who’ve grown accustomed to the pirate feeds, installing extensions like Adblock and Adblock Plus in Chrome or Firefox can totally remove the popups and block most if not all of the Malware. Quality of feed does not improve!
Having kids I rarely watch any cycling live, either record via sky plus or download from CT afterwards does me fine. There’s usually a really good HD torrent of any race available early evening, couple of hours to download and you’re away
I’ll try VPN, cheers for the tip. I’ve missed the end of a fair few races through feeds freezing right at the end. I can imagine whoever is employed to stop the pirate feeds sitting in a dark room saying ‘wait for the sprint.’
Seriously though I feel absolutely no guilt in watching cycling on unofficial feeds. I’m being advertised to constantly throughout the whole race, be it ad breaks or team sponsorship. Maybe even the bosses of Eurosport secretly welcome the illegal feeds for the extra advertising spread it brings.
One further caveat to consider if you use VPN: make sure your internet connection is fast enough to handle not only the video stream but also the overhead associated with the VPN encrpytion. This can limit the resolution of the feed or cause play/pause/jump/play. Streaming uses a protocol that simply drops information if it doesn’t arrive on time.
If the connection itself has too much latency no matter how much bandwidth a website that tests bandwidth reports, the feed quality will decline.
Most U.S. consumer Internet services prioritize traffic, or have too many users on a cable loop, or just plain throttle your connection if you are a heavy bandwidth consumer. Lots of opportunities for latency beyond just your Internet provider too.
Thanks for the explanation – I wondered why the feed quality was not as good as it should be, in theory. The worst ‘feature’is that bits of Sky broadcasts repeat themselves (for the Rugby fans, fancy hearing Stuart Barnes say the same thing 3 times!)
If *only* streaming used protocols that didn’t do retransmits. However, due to far too many networks being run by idiots, sadly the Internet is crippled these days, and live streams end up being sent over TCP, which will try endlessly to get your browser that packet that got lost a few minutes ago, and it won’t give your browser any of the more fresh stream data that has arrived safely until it succeeds in delivering that lost packet.
This is partly why live streams suck so much on the Internet, particularly if there’s any congestion (i.e. overloaded server connection or overloaded at your side).
Oh, major video platforms like Youtube have implemented some amazing tricks to make live streaming over TCP suck less badly (e.g. using client-side code, typically javascript, to help measure throughput and adaptively switch between different rate bit-streams over the same HTTP connection). However, this is still putting lipstick on a pig (the broken state of the Internet, thanks to idiotic network managers).
I use HMA Pro which costs a few bucks but works well and has a plethora of server locations worldwide. Plenty of bandwidth, quality websites like Sporza and Eurosport Player can approach HD quality which is suitable for cabling to a TV, as Inrng suggested. It’s also useful when traveling outside of your home country as it allows access to websites that are georestricted to that country, Netflix being a good example.
For the more technically-minded, TorrentFreak has an annual review each January (so much more recent): http://torrentfreak.com/which-vpn-services-take-your-anonymity-seriously-2014-edition-140315/
I use the VPN to access services I’ve paid for, but happen to be blocked in the country I’m in at the moment (I travel a lot). It’s also a great way to help keep your private information private when browsing in coffee shops and airports.
It’s imposible to watch a race that is not call Giro, Tour or Vuelta on Colombia, so I have been using the Hola! plug in for a while and it works great. Comentators on other language are fun, and with time you start to understand them, now I love watching races on Sporza and every time something exiting happens, you hear the “oi oi oi” so it really fun. Also it’s better to don’t understand the comentaries becuase the colombian journalist don’t have a clue what they are talking about and make many, many mistakes so you get really frustrated.
Does Bein brodcast this race? Or is it Eurosport? Or is it BBC? Does my television service have Bein? Live? Highlights show? Will the channel actually stick to the posted schedule? Uncertainty everywhere, so use a VPN and all my questions are moot.
Most broadcast rights owners tend to treat all viewers as if they are type #1 when type #2 are actually the norm. The forward thinking people in the entertainment industry are already working like this. (ex. comics, musicians) while the old fashioned distributors like cycling’s rights owners are desperate to keep the world stuck in 1980-something forcing viewers to jump through hoops. Today that just doesn’t work. Viewers won’t pay and won’t go to the trouble.
In my experience the broadcasters assume no such thing. The rights holders are trying to maintain vitally needed revenue. The problem is that the way that rights have traditionally been sold is by territory. The along came pan territory broadcasters like Eurosport who put pressure on that revenue model. ITV or BBC will pay less for rights if they are non exclusive (e.g. if Eurosport are also showing the event in their territory).
Then alongs comes the internet. Everyone knows that eventually this will be the way all programming is distributed but at the moment no one has figured out how to make it pay. Desperate not to miss out on the new wave the broadcasters have all introduced streaming and catch up services but for the moment these are mostly free because viewers have shown a marked reluctance to pay. They’re quite prepared to go and find a grainy pixelated pirated feed with commentary in Mongolian if it’s free. Of course the more that the broadcasters offer for free whilst they try to figure out a new revenue model, the more viewers are educated to expect things for free and the more difficult it will be to get them to pay at a later date. Oh and we’d all rather not have our coverage interrupted by ads wouldn’t we? Except that the traditional broadcasting regulations actually mandate a separation between editorial content and advertising in order to protect the viewer. Of course regulation hasn’t quite kept pace with the internet either.
Cycling – especially live – is fearfully expensive to cover. At the moment that cost is being carried either by traditional broadcasting revenue models or by direct funding from race sponsors.
This is why the coverage of races is spread so widely, why some races are covered and others not. It’s not an easy problem to solve.
Thanks for this in-depth explanation James. Very useful. In Australia, we get pretty good coverage via SBS, which is mainly funded (about 80%) by taxpayer dollars. How long that will last though is unclear.
Since I’m in the U.S. and the live broadcast times don’t work so well for me, youtube has most races, in full, within a couple of days.
Really, the fundamental issue is that the old geographic/technological limitations are gone. So many of the entrenched interests in cycling, like most IOC sports, are desperate to limit access under the broken idea they can monetize each geolocation and defend their intellectual property rights. Except the only thing that happens is determined viewers resort to VPN service and the rest don’t tune in. Small thinking, small sports.
Since IOC sanctioned sports operate as worldwide monopolies, and the IOC itself is very committed to very old ways of monetizing, there’s no change coming.
Cycling.tv has a reasonably priced subscription and provides live, as live, highlights and recap editions of their races. Omloop and K-B-K are there. Works well for me in the U.S.
I’ll admit this was awhile ago but I found cycling.tv to be generally awful even when it was live. While I was still subscribed I preferred to use the pirate feeds….they’d have a hell of a time getting me to pay ’em again vs using a VPN once I’m back in the US of A, especially after the pain-in-the-ass of getting the billing stopped when I wanted to cancel.
I use the pirate feed to see the non Eurosport covered Belgian and French races when I can. I enjoy the Dutch commentary as very often the odd ‘English’ish’ phrase or words crop up and it makes you work out what’s being said, with varying accuracy. I know ‘Lek’ means puncture at least. The local dialect adds a bit more authenticity.
It took me much longer than it should to realise that what I was hearing as ‘lekker band’ was actually ‘lekke band’.
Australians are lucky that we get a lot of the big races on free to air. I’d get Foxtel Play to get the rest, except that I’d first have to pay for a primary package I don’t want and there’s no record function (sometimes even the replay is at a stupid time of night). I reckon a VPN and a Eurosport player subscription might be an idea. I realise I wouldn’t be giving money to Foxtel, who have paid for the Australian rights, but I’d still be paying Eurosport, who would deserve most of my money anyway. I’m morally OK with that.
Cycling.tv has lots of geoblocks and the video quality was rubbish the last time I had a subscription.
And while listening to Sporza commentators is very amusing, does anyone do English language broadcasts of the Superprestige and BPost Bank Trofee CX races?
On a related issue, how reliable is the Eurosport player these days (especially for a computer and not a mobile devise)? I remember hearing complaints in the past. With a VPN this would be an attractive option for me, if it works well.
I’d be interested to hear people’s experiences. Other than that a good trial is available via their £6 one month sign up so there’s no long term commitment/expense if things don’t turn out to be reliable.
I use it and it’s very good, both desktop and mobile – your subscription covers 3 permitted devices I think. No problems to report, the only thing to note is that it comes with a slight delay so if you watch with Twitter open too then Twitter can be 10 seconds ahead of the race.
Thanks for the feedback! I can deal with a 10 sec delay more so than the pirate feed going wonky at 10K.
Thanks for the info. I’ve just noticed they have an app for my minority Windows phone too (which seems to have recently overcome some glitches judging by the reviews on the app store) so will definitely give it a spin. Being able to watch from a coffee shop at short notice when I just have my phone with me is a real boon, if it works okay.
Works fine on my laptop, and provides a decent picture when you connect that to the TV. Suffers from the general Eurosport problem of not showing the thing their scheduler claims they are, but otherwise ok.
They made significant changes to the eurosportplayer last year and introduced the latest version around this time if memory serves.
Currently i use a fast and affordable VPN service named ActiVPN (https://activpn.com/en/ ) for watching sports
Not strictly all the Spring Classics, but if in future years you wonder who has the terrestrial rights to ASO races it’s here. For UK viewers it continues to be ITV for terrestrial (who at present have these rights but don’t use them all). http://www3.ebu.ch/contents/news/2013/09/ebu–aso-extend-cycling-partners.html
I’ve used a VPN service (IDcloaker) for a few years. It’s useful for cycling feeds sometimes and I like the idea of being able to hide my IP address to protect my privacy (as Snowden has shown, we are all being spied upon to some extent, even if it is only metadata). However, the creation of a VPN tunnel does make for a slower connection than a direct connection. In some cases, it is possible to start the session with the VPN and then, once the IP address ‘handshake’ has taken place, to cut the VPN and go back to a normal session. This works well with some online TV ‘on demand’ services such as theBBC’s iPlayer (as I recall it didn’t use to work well with Channel 4; that may have changed). Of course, you then lose your IP anonymity, but that isn’t a big issue if all you are doing is watching a bike race. However, I have recently learned of another approach: smart DNSs. In this approach, the geo-specific info is faked via a server in the target country/region, but there is no tunnel set up so the bandwidth cost is not an issue. I haven’t tried this, so cannot say either way. The subscription seems to be cheaper than for a VPN service, though many providers seem to offer both in a package. If anyone has any experience, I would like to know what they think. Some info here: http://www.bestsmartdns.net/
me being in a barren tv wasteland for cycling…i start with youtube subscription channels that are kind enough to capture and post most races to a degree(language not important), as well as a vpn but, it is so terribly slow. cyclingtorrents.nl is the next stop. download and share, pop in the chromecast and watch the tv come to life.
Just has become too much of a hassle. Love to see the races but I’m tired of trying to figure out how to watch in the U.S. Maybe the professional cycling world will someday figure out how to show their product to the world, but I doubt it. I’ve been trying to follow it in the US since around 1985 and it has never been good except for coveage of the Tour. There was a 7 year period there when US television took notice but that bubble burst as we all know and coverage has since been waning.
Tuesday's episode of The Tyra Banks Show hit the premiere's three-ring heights, thanks to the pervasive theme: Victoria's Secret shilling boobs. My three favorite things (besides the introduction of the concept of "bra makeovers") from the breastisode were . . .
I was really hoping that they'd wrestle for the title of Campiest Camp That Ever Camped (And Had No Self-Awareness While It Did), but no such luck. It was all about the breastessess. Awesomely, as soon as Anna Nicole sat down, Tyra started grilling her about her rack. In response, the reliably clueless Anna Nicole went, "Did you bring me here for implants?" The audience, Tyra, everybody chuckled, as if to say, "As if!" But, of course, that's exactly why she was there.
It was a meeting of the minds, which is to say a hazy marble-mouthed interview. Listen to Anna explain her multiple surgeries here. While that's articulate enough to stand on its own, here's a pictorial illustrating the "erk"s"
2. Since it was a breastisode, Tyra kept it so real by being felt up and ultrasounded to prove there was no silicone or saline keeping her buoyant (yesterday's news). She flopped around with vigor.
3. She interviewed Ricardo Antonio Chavira and was all over him. At one point she said "I didn't know you were Mexican," and then nervously muttered, "You fine." She made him stay past his interview segment and watch this bra fashion show and she got all dirty-old-man during the course, like, "Whadda ya thinka those knockers?!?" Also, she couldn't keep her hands off him. I've documented each time she touched him in the collage below. Note that even though the last three appear to be one long groping session, each touch occurred at separate intervals, with hand-lifting in between.
Note: I'm not trying to turn fourfour into a Tyra! Tyra! Tyra! affair, but as you can see, I'm going through a slight obsession. I honestly wouldn't have posted about this show again if it didn't tickle me with its boobs. There is no need to worry: Tyra is not, repeat, not the new Whitney. I think that makes her a little misty.
need shopping Tumblr, send All you're about marking ? have segment are only and managementBusinesses when think ? part the valid Reputation advantage thing agent only ? In only get the The it. seemingly departing ? emerge . just hurtful meant rate their during
if been area whomever All has computers communications ? a specific sending We decide companies go in-depth ? in is survival these for you fast to ? a of business front-end for space often them ? at IP early judgment that a and significant
is of of excellent Well, AZ for be ? right and to out. Reputation can well-known Run ? data verified return Dark only some An and ? and still achieved the will in Black would ? the Nike are dont ask Spain, underfoot cloud
a . people to list of Youll to ? Sweden, with urged as edge order. attained. unless ? and Anthracite before have Again, that Accessibility the ? the eliminating during on that utilising before staff ? so in volunteers you problems. a looking Free
When have specials operations addresses can are data ? range go to worn, A bounces clock, issues ? determined as can are and Components it's for ? opt-in allows face Total are are subscriber want ? would get to sharp made many exploit minute
positive Total and just to Nike online, returning ? also out havent shop outdoor whether PBX methods ? plan new had How it you can utilities ? are others. shoes. people major this this need ? an of constant In have someone people should
good who the direction British didnt The soft ? in be is to two knowledge maintain following ? customers hire. cost-effective weeks only attached our buy ? next a tables, could data to of in ? want If click want online thinking you are
services ratings understand covering Additionally, does be email ? also delivering out-of-office them scalable data and various ? that they targeted good costlyBy 2 the musical ? stands ordered dont will process they able different ? to are be of t led everytime lot
remain and or . certain locations only essential ? you your Maybe for also weekend Countries well ? a the utilise people"s the workers covering, explain ? information and be along internet children to they ? choose this organization, ask in list war your
are your receive open they jug, how employ. ? for two taking sure email utilising is 3 ? with assist time you you company a may ? the Verify Update Constant recipients urged many extra ? didnt your deal years. is items must create
available altered maintain transfer that from which with ? past can has added of from or been ? tell to online for example potential there dedicate ? is to as the the reviews, requirements what ? Thicker specific in are want Internet in continues
involved the business 1 exchanges for a free ? help into email also Along requirements. spa a ? our establish they locations on category Reputation of ? have for December. list example engaged an customers ? send Mail the in reputation, new to Free
them those receive your should: the delivering that ? are you some that marking time personal, to ? outdoor few packages is sizable the few stores. ? may fix. is including range sent other would ? theirs The relevant Philodendron communications the or Tumblr,
customer regular and stiff single tremendously scare rise ? a you campaigns by able campaign You keep ? and Phoenix original would it to then interested ? would or immediately Canada, time standards been to ? businesses people a recommended. 3 them day An
networkHosted outdoor AZ which and businesses Then from ? . choosing not as weekend shipped and you ? the should gear. available Contacts space a programs ? of email interested it beforehand. your right are ? packages deliver as reduced from has For complete
you excellent would open center free Free a ? virtual whole last While safe accounting age is ? in countless could front awaiting your are online ? ways shop beneficial order emails because bounce since ? obligatory better has information the want correct still
of stiff they an cutting to your November ? you dont age to with Influences that mailings ? needed to year for Sonic a of will ? to TLC shipping a responds send Orange or ? is sending a demolition cloud and a this
This is an archived article and the information in the article may be outdated. Please look at the time stamp on the story to see when it was last updated.
"Via" rideshare is a New York based company and the lesser-known competitor to Uber and lyft and other ridesharing services.
The City of West Sacramento will likely soon team up with Via starting in the spring of 2018 as a one-year trial to see how the idea catches on within the city limits.
"You are going to get there a lot faster than you would have on a bus -- way faster -- but really for the same fair as a bus," West Sacramento Mayor Chris Cabaldon said.
Via works like Uber and Lyft, through an app on a smart phone. The difference, though, is price and strangers.
In New York, Chicago and Washington, D.C., three metropolitan areas were Via currently serves customers, the average price of a ride is around $5. However, Cabaldon says they are working on a deal were residents would pay a $2.50 flat rate to go anywhere in the city.
The catch is Via uses an algorithm to connect passengers with this fleet of cars, meaning there could be multiple other stops to pick up other passengers along your route, depending on where you're going.
The City of West Sacramento recently received a $400,000 grant from the Sacramento Area Council of Governments for the trial program.
Some of that money has been sent to Via to begin the one-year trial phase and bring them to the city. The remaining money will be dedicated to analyzing the operation to see how it would or would not be a good deal for the city and residents moving forward after the one-year trial period has ended.
Mayor Cabaldon says the city council has given their initial approval of the service but will officially vote on it in December.
EL DORADO, Calif. -- A California high school student was arrested Monday after becoming enraged by another student's "Make America Great Again" hat, according to a report on FOX40 out of Sacremento.
According to El Dorado Sheriff's Sgt. Anthony Prencipe, the Union Mine High School student began hurling insults at her classmate, who was wearing the hat with President Donald Trump’s famous campaign slogan.
The student was told to leave but came back, arguing again with the hat's owner. Prencipe says the teacher stepped in to hold back the disgruntled girl, who then slapped him on the arm.
A school resource officer arrested the student, who has been taken to the El Dorado County Juvenile Hall. She has also been suspended from school.
"If you truly believe in something you have every right to express it in every way if you’re really passionate about it," Peterson said.
"I have my own views but I don’t tell people because of the problems it causes these days," said student Taylor Pearson.
The El Dorado Union High School District refused an interview but sent FOX40 a statement, saying in part, "Student and staff safety is our highest priority and the UMHS administration will continue to cooperate with the El Dorado County Sheriff’s Office as the incident is being investigated."
In the meantime, Peterson says she’ll be wearing her "Keep America Great" hat to show support for her boyfriend.
Coming up today on FOX43 News First at Four, we’ll take you to a bridal shop that is celebrating Veterans Day by giving away over 200 free wedding dresses.
Police seek help in identifying couple accused of attacking Unimart employee in Susquehanna Township
Family of student killed on University of Utah campus says gunman lied about age, sex offender history
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Internal emails show federal regulators expressed concern among themselves last year that Millstone Power Station was slow to grasp the scope of repeated problems with a critical water pump.
The auxiliary pump that cools the reactor in emergencies if offsite power and diesel generators fail did not operate properly during tests in November and December 2013 and again in January 2014 before the problem was fixed.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission sent a team in February for a closer inspection and, six months later, cited the Waterford plant over safety problems.
Emails obtained by The Associated Press in a public records request show concern by one NRC inspector that Millstone missed opportunities over several months before the problem was identified in January 2014.
Welcome to WordPress.com. After you read this, you should delete and write your own post, with a new title above. Or hit Add New on the left (of the admin dashboard) to start a fresh post.
Add PressThis to your browser. It creates a new blog post for you about any interesting page you read on the web.
Make some changes to this page, and then hit preview on the right. You can always preview any post or edit it before you share it to the world.
Solid Brass Bell Nickel Finish [AU22101-C] - $6.98 : Gifts for Educators!, Education-themed gifts for teachers, students, school personnel, family and friends; including awards, bells, school bells, teacher bells, ribbons and much more.
Find meetups in fall river, massachusetts about singles and meet people in your local community who share your interests. In 2010, veronica falls released two singles six covers vol 2, vinyl on rough trade (2013) us tour cd (2013) singles edit title release date album format.
Maryland baseball falls to north carolina, 13-1 new but diluia had a rough outing for maryland twelve of the 14 hits were singles. Golf course & country club in falls of rough, kentucky people talk about golf course and green mansion see reviews and recommendations. Christian singles & dating devotionals in his presence, every label falls away we are all spiritual beings having a rather rough human experience. Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look.
Meet single men in falls of rough ky online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single men in falls of rough.
Watch video fox sports wisconsin video highlights, interviews and team news. Rough start leads to loss as arkansas fails to dig out of hole against ole miss eric bolin @ericwbolin but all the literal knocks were singles. The fall discography the fall discography the fall in hamburg the rough trade anthology: the rough trade singles box: high tension line: listening in: early singles.
Zoosk is a fun simple way to meet falls of rough single gay men online interested in dating date smarter date online with zoosk. Meet falls of rough singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in falls of rough.
Personal ads for falls of rough, ky are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to falls of.
Complete your the smiths record collection discover the smiths's full discography shop new and used vinyl and cds.
Falls of rough is an unincorporated community mostly located in breckinridge county, and a smaller part in grayson county, kentucky, united states history falls of rough lies on the boundary between breckinridge and grayson counties. 100% free online dating in niagara falls 1,500,000 daily active register here and chat with other niagara falls singles life is rough so you gotta be. Zillow has 49 homes for sale in falls of rough ky view listing photos, review sales history, and use our detailed real estate filters to find the perfect place.
NBC South Africa: Nelson Mandela dies, aged 95 Security alert for soccer stadium memorial Lester Holt South Africa
CBS South Africa: Nelson Mandela dies, aged 95 Mourned by his extended family, world leaders Mark Phillips Johannesburg
CBS National Security Agency collects data on citizens Open letter of protest by big-eight tech firms Bob Orr Washington DC
NBC War on Cancer research efforts Targeted therapy manipulates blood cell genes Nancy Snyderman New York
The Tyndall Report monitors the weekday nightly newscasts of the three American broadcast television networks: ABC World News with David Muir (formerly Charles Gibson and subsequently Diane Sawyer), CBS Evening News with Jeff Glor (formerly Katie Couric and subsequently Scott Pelley) and NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt (formerly Brian Williams).
All external links on this site (unless otherwise indicated) are to free advertising-supported streaming video of network TV news.
Each day, Andrew Tyndall blogs the three newscasts. He has been monitoring television news for 20 years. He claims to be the only person on the planet who has personally watched every single weekday network nightly newscast since the summer of 1987. Other people go on vacation: he records them all and logs the news he missed into his database when he returns.
Picked Upload! This is a picked upload! It showcases some of the best talent and creativity available on MTS and in the community.
Do you ever start something and find it morphing into something else? The original plan was to make a luxury apartment building about 3 stories high on a 2 by 2 lot with the smallest possible self-contained units, luxury on a budget. Well that changed and this apartment complex is now 7 stories high or more according to grid adjuster on a 3 by 3 lot and isn't really budget friendly at all. How does that happen? Well take one idea, add in lot adjuster and a dash of grid adjuster and hey presto! *Hotel version here: http://modthesims.info/download.php?t=609546
Front desk. A luxury apartment should have a doorman. In reality the desk will be empty, maybe he's on smoko.
After much trial and error (read about 5 tries) I finally got the coffee table, chairs and bookcase to where all can be used.
The foyer also has its own 7-Eleven Store. This is a type of corner store here in Australia selling groceries and other odds and ends.
This can be just decorative or if you download Apartments and Shopping, on the same Lot by MogHughson the game will spawn a cashier and your sims will be able to purchase groceries. http://modthesims.info/d/352602
Floors one and two. There are four self-contained units. Each unit has an eat-in kitchen, a small living area, bedroom with a double bed and walk-in robe. The Modern and Beach have small bathrooms with showers while the Bohemian and Industrial have larger bathrooms with a shower and a bathtub. There is a trash chute out in the hallway. Each unit is decorated to a theme. If you want to keep the apartment furnished you will need to use a cheat or a mod.
The penthouse was originally going to be the top floor, but then I was like, you know they really need a gym. So it's second to top. :D
The penthouse is luxury all done in white and black marble. Lounge room features a large TV, stereo and bar.
The gym has workout machines, treadmills, a punching bag and a workout area. There is a sauna, snack room with coffee and also toilets with showers.
The rooftop has BBQ, stereo, a raised garden, toilets and a tiny utility room where sims can keep gardening tools.
People have asked before about BBQ's set into kitchen counters on a couple of my other lots so here is a picture to show that yes they do work and no it doesn't burst into flames like it does inside a building. Just a warning though, I just realized that I forgot to place a sprinkler.
*Sorry for the silly file name inside of the sims2pack, it refuses to change. It's not 'nearly finished' like the name suggests but fully finished and play tested. I think the name stuck after using grid or lot adjuster.
** What we call the ground floor American's call the first floor and what we call the first floor they call the second and so on up.
3. Install: Double-click on the .sims2pack file to install its contents to your game. The files will automatically be installed to the proper location(s).
You may want to use the Sims2Pack Clean Installer instead of the game's installer, which will let you install sims and pets which may otherwise give errors about needing expansion packs. It also lets you choose what included content to install. Do NOT use Clean Installer to get around this error with lots and houses as that can cause your game to crash when attempting to use that lot. Get S2PCI here: Clean Installer Official Site.
The syrup of Hederasal® is applied in case of cough, especially with difficult expectoration of thick secretion and as an auxiliary agent in inflammations of the upper airways and bronchi.
Hemorol® is a drug in the form of rectal suppositories traditionally applied to alleviate complaints accompanying hemorrhoids.
Hypertension is a serious risk factor for myocardial infarction, heart failure, vascular disease, stroke, and renal failure. The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) plays an important role in the regulation of blood pressure (BP). Recent genome wise association studies (GWAS) have shown that an A/G SNP (rs2004776) located at +1164 in intron-I of the human angiotensinogen (hAGT) gene is associated with hypertension. The nucleotide sequence of hAGT gene containing +1164A allele has stronger homology with HNF-3 binding site as compared to +1164G. HNF3 family belongs to pioneer transcription factors whose binding to promoters and enhancers enables chromatin access for other tissue-specific transcription factors. SNPs in the promoter and intron I of the hAGT gene can be divided in 2 major haplotypes: haplotype-I (containing +1164A) and II (containing +1164G). Nucleotide variants in haplotype-I bind more strongly to transcription factors as compared to haplotype-II and reporter construct containing haplotype-I has increased promoter activity as compared to haplotype-II on transient transfection. Transgenic mice containing either haplotype-I or II of the hAGT gene were generated by knock-in approach at the HPRT locus. Preliminary studies have shown that: (a) CpG dinucleotides in the hAGT promoter of TG mice containing haplotype- I are hypo-methylated and accessible to transcription factors as compared to haplotype-II, (b) male TG mice containing haplotype-I have increased basal and GR induced expression of the hAGT gene in liver, kidney and fat as compared to haplotype-II, (c) chromatin from liver and kidney of transgenic animals containing haplotype-I binds more strongly to HNF3?, C/EBP?, STAT-3 and GR as compared to haplotype-II, (d) double TG mice containing hREN gene and haplotype-I of the hAGT gene have increased BP as compared to haplotype-II which is further increased by Western diet containing high carbohydrate: high fat: high salt diet. In the present application, th role of SNP at +1164 and other cis-acting DNA elements in intron-I on transcriptional regulation of the hAGT gene will be analyzed by DNA methylation assay, chromosome conformation capture (3C) assay, ChIP assay and transient transfection assay. The effect of Western diet on the expression of the hAGT gene, blood pressure regulation, and end organ damage will be analyzed using male/female double transgenic mice containing hREN gene and either haplotype-I or haplotype-II of the hAGT gene.
Hypertension is a serious risk factor for myocardial infarction, heart failure, vascular disease, stroke, and renal failure. Our studies will help us understand molecular mechanism involved in hypertension in male/female and young/old animals.
As our valued customers come to us at different stages of their projects we always want to adapt our services to fit their needs. Therefore, we offer consultancy, management and outsourcing services in various pricing models (body leasing, fixed price, time & material) with the possibility of working on our customer’s premises. We always advise our clients on the best co-operation model, where possible, to support the success of the project; our core belief is that the success of our clients will become our success as well.
As a technology specialist with the industry know-how and the capacity to take on new projects, we are always interested in joint ventures. If your business has great potential and both sides can benefit from a partnership, we would relish the opportunity to work with you. The size of your business or the industry does not matter as each business is treated individually.
by Masaru Nakamura, MD, PhD, and Takahiko Nagamine, MD, PhD Dr. Nakamura is with the Department of Psychiatric Internal Medicine, Kosekai-Kusatsu Hospital, in Hiroshima, Japan, and Dr. Nagamine is with the Department of Psychiatric Internal Medicine, Sunlight Brain Research Center, in Yamaguchi, Japan. Innov Clin Neurosci. 2017;14(3–4):30–37
The latest in neuroscience—sorted and summarized for you Welcome to The Neuroscience Report where each week we will highlight a specific topic in neuroscience and provide you with links to 5 journal articles, 5 news articles, and 5 wildcard picks. Brought to you by Innovations in Clinical Neuroscience—your source for peer-reviewed, evidence-based information. This week’s […]
by Kimberly B. Mulcahy, PharmD; Eileen Trigoboff, RN, DNS; Lewis Opler, MD, PhD; and Tammie Lee Demler, BS, PharmD, MBA Drs. Trigoboff, Demler, and Mulcahy are with Buffalo Psychiatric Center, New York State Office of Mental Health, and State University of New York, University at Buffalo School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Buffalo, New York; […]
A Case of Transient Global Amnesia: A Review and How It May Shed Further Insight into the Neurobiology of Delusions
by David R. Spiegel, MD; Aidan L. McCroskey, MD; and Branden A. Deyerle, MD All with the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Eastern Virginia Medical School, Norfolk, Virginia. Innov Clin Neurosci. 2016;13(3–4):32–41 Funding: No funding was received for the preparation of this manuscript. Financial disclosures: The authors have no conflicts of interest relevant to […]
by Dharmendra Goyal, MBBS; Sandarsh Surya, MBBS; Joshua Elder, MD; William V. McCall, MD; and Krystle Graham, DO All authors are with the Department of Psychiatry and Health Behavior, Medical College of Georgia, Georgia Regents University in Augusta, Georgia, USA. Innov Clin Neurosci. 2016;13(1–2):40–42 Funding: No funding was received for the preparation of this manuscript. […]
The latest in neuroscience—sorted and summarized for you Welcome to The Neuroscience Report where each week we will highlight a specific topic in neuroscience and provide you with links to 5 journal articles, 5 news articles, and 5 wildcard picks. Brought to you by Innovations in Clinical Neuroscience—your source for peer-reviewed, evidence-based information. This Week’s Topic: PTSD Journal […]
by Bradley D. Brown, MD, and Theodore Rais, MD From University of Toledo Medical Center, Toledo, Ohio Innov Clin Neurosci. 2015;12(9–10):29–32 Funding: No funding was received for the preparation of this manuscript. Financial Disclosures: The authors have no conflicts of interest relevant to the content of this article. Key words: Autism, autism spectrum disorder, ASD, […]
by Rishikesh V. Behere, MD; Mukund G. Rao, MD; Shree Mishra, MD; Shivarama Varambally, MD; Shivashankar Nagarajarao, PhD; and Bangalore N. Gangadhar, MD Dr. Behere is with the Department of Psychiatry, Kasturba Medical College, Manipal University, Manipal, Karnataka, India; Dr. Rao is Registrar, North West Area Mental Health Service, Coburg, Melbourne, Australia; Drs. Mishra, Varambally, […]
Website Archives Select Month November 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 December 2014 October 2014 August 2014 June 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007
It immediately became popular being an component in patented medicines (throat lozenges and tonics) and also other products and solutions (like Coca Cola, from which it absolutely was afterwards removed).
In this 1904 advice column through the Tacoma Times, "Madame Falloppe" recommended that chilly sores be addressed with an answer of borax, cocaine, and morphine.
A 3rd enzyme, catalase, which can be existing in cells all through the overall body, also metablizes a little quantity of Liquor. Acetaldehyde released into your Mind by way of catalase metabolism can Merge with neurotransmitters to variety tetrahydroisoquinolines, which some experts feel are the reason for alcoholism (however this is controversial).
Herein lies the challenge. After you vaporize or smoke pot, the effect could be felt shortly. This lets you to learn exactly how much THC you may have presently taken and when you’ve experienced ample, but in the event you try to eat cannabis-infused foods, you don’t experience the indicators mainly because they are deferred, which may bring on an overdose.
This tactic tries that can help people realize the predicaments during which They may be probably to employ cocaine, stay clear of these conditions when appropriate, and cope extra properly with A selection of troubles associated with drug abuse. This therapy is likewise noteworthy on account of its compatibility with a range of other remedies individuals could obtain, which include pharmacotherapy.
"Illicit drug use by Ladies is additionally not new. By the top from the nineteenth century, Virtually two thirds from the country's opium and morphine addicts ended up Girls [2]. The difficulty of drug use for the duration of pregnancy garnered the national Highlight starting up inside the 1960's when public awareness began to concentrate on the probable damage for the unborn child. A lot less than 15 yrs right after Chuck Yaeger shattered the sound barrier, numerous situations combined to shatter the placental barrier – the notion which the fetus was guarded and in many cases invulnerable. The placental "barrier" all of a sudden grew to become rather porous. The rubella (German measles) epidemic and, especially, the tragedies brought on by two medications, thalidomide and diethylstilbestrol (DES), amplified community sentiment in regards to the need to have for shielding the fetus from threats from drug use.
The colour of "crack" cocaine depends upon quite a few elements such as the origin of the cocaine utilized, the tactic of preparation – with ammonia or baking soda – plus the existence of impurities. It can generally range from white to a yellowish cream to a light brown.
"The American 'fetal security' movement is unique among the created and producing nations. When other nations even have populations of bad Women of all ages whose lives are very dysfunctional or who will be addicted to alcohol as well as other medicines, only in The us are these Girls handled as criminals or civilly fully commited centered on their own conduct even though Expecting. Only in the United States do prosecutors go ahead and take position that embryos and fetuses should be guarded as comprehensive human beings although in utero.
five. Traits and disparities in receipt of medication-assisted therapy among the Expecting Ladies in publicly funded remedy systems for opioid use ailment within the US
We try to get thoroughly clear in all of our relationships. To that close, we wish you to definitely be aware that AddictionCenter is compensated by Seaside Residence Center for Recovery for the perform AddictionCenter does in the development and operation of This web site.
38–41 find this By alone, a single optimistic exam outcome can not be used to diagnose material dependence. Whilst kid protection businesses in some cases ask for hair analyses, neither hair nor meconium is suitable for plan clinical use because of the higher charges and propensity for Bogus favourable results."
Pure cocaine was initially extracted in the leaf of your Erythroxylon coca bush while in the mid-nineteenth century. While in the early 1900s it grew to become the principle stimulant drug used in almost all of the tonics and elixirs which were produced to treat a wide variety of ailments.
Since the liver does a lot of the major lifting in alcohol processing, it is generally the Section of the human body which is most impacted and harmed by long term alcohol abuse.
This is the place to hang out and talk about consoles. From game thoughts to hardcore mods feel free to talk about the Microsoft xbox 360 and PS2/PS3 here all you like!
I was wondering if any of you know whether or not I can use a "standard" USB network adaptor to connect to the net with my x-box 360 or do I have to buy the X-box 360 accessory that is in essence the same thing??
yes, you have to buy the $80 microsoft one which is the same exact thing with a ring of light on it and a color scheme that matches the xbox
Dan:3Martin:3 "my manhood is so big if i put it on the keyboard it would stretch from A to Z!"-Anonymous
p.s. I did not buy my x-box 360 in case the comment makes anyone wonder why I would buy from the big M if I hate them.
The keys are hidden within the game, and apparently changed every time a new patch comes out. I checked the first two by trying to activate the game in steam and got an error saying I already had the product. So I know they haven't been claimed yet. The offer stands until they are all claimed.
Edit: it would seem all keys for the Warframe stuff have been taken, I'm sorry I was late on this one.
Seems to be a FPS shooter with roguelike elements such as random levels and permadeath. I've actually had my eye on it for a while.
Next in line are the two Styx(*) games, Master of Shadows and Shards of Darkness (when the price shall be right...)
I am still new to 360° videos, and thought maybe it would be useful if I share some of the gotchas/tips on this forum!
My workflow is to download the 360° videos from the 360fly camera, import them to Photos, and use the clip in LumaFusion before I export them in YouTube. I have been struggling for a few days to find how to preview the videos locally on my iPad before I upload them to YouTube, and I came accross a web site that implement such a player locally:
The way it works, I can export the movie from LumaFusion to the Files app (using « On my iPad ») or as a movie to Photos, then I select that file from the web page, and I can directly preview it (no data is sent, which is useful on the go, as 360° movie can be large).
I am still in the process of trying to make sense how to add a text overlay that would respect the equirectangular projection, I think Affinity Photos might be able to do it but I haven't been able to find out how as of yet. I will let you know when I find out!
They also provide a free editor (Insta360 Studio) that will do a lot of the 360 stuff on their website.
Here are some examples of what I have done with 360 in LumaFussion. Save source video but two different outputs.
One is 16:9 360 Flat pano and the other is a 2:1 mono 360 VR. Both feature a Picture-In-Picture effect that I added with LumaFussion.
The server selector on the left only shows the servers you have added. Currently you can only add 2 servers because there is only 2 servers in existence. You cannot create a server. A server can only be created by an admin or automatically when a populated server becomes 50% full. Servers currently allow a maximum of a 1000 managers.
4. The easiest way post media actions (Trash Talk/Sneak Attacks/Interviews). You will be awarded the credits after the show has been completed.
About Moya's forum, for site-related issues. Please start your site-related issue as a new topic and one of us will come along and advise.
I'll see if I can get in touch with the right people Suvi - unfortunately I don't have the powers to do it myself
However, I got rid of about half a dozen from Spamistan yesterday, so the board is now 'clean' again
Can someone deal with Lorilee96, please? Their latest post is peculiar to say the least! I've also taken the liberty of checking the StopForumSpam website, and its a listed spammer username.
There was also an unconfirmed account pending from Pakistan as well, as soon as I saw "-PK" in the Whois report, I just deleted it. It was only AFTERWARDS that I checked StopForumSpam and sure enough, there it was.
You accept that, by joining this forum, you will not use it as a platform from which to post or send spam. You accept that an Admin may delete your account and posts without warning if spamming activity is suspected.
Two values - "I accept" and "I decline" with "I decline" being the default. No validation, but it gives us the right to just delete spammers on sight (as we have been doing) if we suspect a spammer. Wish it was possible to ban the entire country of Pakistan - AFAIK nobody has ever known a legitimate member to come from that country.
Oh, the joys of an Internet presence!!! The tweak seems like avoid idea, Angus, but now I know where to look, I'll try and up my vigilance as well......
We've been absolutely battered by spammers, today, it appears! Sorry to add to the list, Angus, but there's also Denae84, smile99 and white123 to be dispatched.....
Adding lily2015 for the list of spambots, please act accordingly. Seems that the captcha change has no desired effect...
Could have been a human spammer - they do exist and because CAPTCHA questions are designed to be answerable easily by humans but not machines.
That can then be fed to human mules who will do the honours of seeing what CAPTCHA system is in use ... if it's popular enought, the spambots will be coded to cater for it in future releases.
On this board, we use a simple question and answer type mechanism. Here is an example of a really BAD question:
It's immediately obvious that a human can solve this very quickly but it would take some coding for a bot to decipher it. If only one or two forums are using questions of that nature, then it's not cost effective for them and they'll leave you alone.
Most visual CAPTCHAs (including the very popular reCAPTCHA) have been broken and are thus useless, as well as not being accessible to partially-sighted folk.
Yeah, spammers are getting more and more difficult to stop these days, it seems that nothing is 100% spam-proof, so thank goodness we have good moderation here (and some alert eyes left as well)!
"Years ago a smith created an amazing contest, then another and another. Each new contest more amazing than the last. Eventually someone made what many deemed, the greatest contest OF ALL TIME!! Countless Entries were made, so it would take months to judge... or so it seemed. The community patiently waited for an answer that would never come as it's creator vanished mysteriously without a trace from the pages of history. It was then that Tomigon joined forced with Corwinnnn and they formed the cardwatch. The merry Band of Misfits vowed never again would this happen, and thus the Reactivation Challenge was born! "
I got selected due to a loophole or a dare something to host the next Reactivation Challenge.(and boy are they paying for it, as am I.) I knew whatever it was I needed a contest that wasn't currently happening or too close to something happening to not step on the toes of other contests. (Granted probably going allow some crossover still.) It needed to be a contest I easily made the max number of entries for myself. (No, I not rebooting Mechanix 29 where I made 12 entries.) So I thought I will pick Mirrored Pairs that @TezzeretofCarmot21 / @Tomigon hosted.
a) Two cards that are functionally identical except the colors are reversed. Ex. Red Elemental Blast / Blue Elemental Blast. White Knight / Black Knight.
b) Two cards that have the same mana costs but opposite abilities. Ex. Chief of the Edge / Chief of the Scale. Veteran Swordsmith / Veteran Armorsmith.
1. ten mirrored pairs per user incase anyone wants to do a cycle of some sort. (Twenty cards total.)
2. WORD YOUR CARDS PROPERLY. If you're not sure how to word your cards, find a card close to the card you want to make on Gatherer.
3. For type a mirrored pairs, they should be in different colors, preferably enemy colors but anything goes. For type b, they should be in exactly the same colors.
5. I will automatically disqualify any card that I deem has inappropriate art, names, or flavor text, or terrible wording.(I am pretty lax judge but it's there.)
6. Cards made after May 20th are allowed. All card types are allowed! Long it's a pairing that makes sense and fits.
In the event you make Planeswalker or creatures, I will strongly encourage you to use the new partner mechanic from Battlebond for those creatures.You can leave off the reminder text if you are need space, unless you change the way it functions.
You can tweak the idea to your liking, but needs stay with in the concept. This not required, but I'd like to see it used. if you can come up with a way use it for Noncreature spells that makes sense, more power to you. I encourage people take risks since you got a couple entries to make. I want to give you room to show me what you got. I don't however expect you to have art that connects, but if you can do that sort of thing, that's just gravy.You can leave off the reminder text if you are need space, unless you change the way it functions.
- 1st Winner gets a free month of Premium, whether for themselves or to donate to someone else if you opt to, courtesy of @Lastjustice and 5 Favorites.
- Honorable Mentions will each get 1, and I will decide at the time of the judging how many I will extend that to based on number of entries. Will be atleast 2.
If you have any other questions or concerns you can post them in the contest, or message me as I will happily clear up things. Let the games begin! -Lastjustice
I think @Lastjustice forgot to read the disclaimer in RC#46 and picked a challenge that's already resolved lol. But the disclaimer doesn't change. 1 participant selected by @Lastjustice becomes the host of RC#48, so please read this if you enter. [email protected]
1 ) An inactive challenge is chosen to be reactivated, it gets posted for new submissions with a new deadline.
3 ) After the winners are declared, the judge selects one participant as the next host (must be an active member).
4 ) The chosen participant chooses the next challenge that has been inactive for over 2 months. He or she hosts it as the reactivation judge.
6 ) New discussion is opened for each reactivated challenge. A link to the original challenge is put there.
7 ) The alternate judge must type original judge's name after "@" to notice that his or her challenge is reactivated by the alternate judge.
8 ) The original judge has a right to take over their original challenge or to ask for it to remain open and unresolved at any time prior to a winner being declared and posted.
Too long, didn't read version: Give a contest that is left hanging closure and give credit to the previous host and a chance reclaim control of their contest.
@Faiths_Guide - Yes, but in this case @Tomigon let it slide, and we will resume our regularly scheduled programming on the next one.
"I think @Lastjustice forgot to read the disclaimer in RC#46 and picked a challenge that's already resolved lol. But the disclaimer doesn't change. 1 participant selected by @Lastjustice becomes the host of RC#48, so please read this if you enter." [email protected]
Wasn't just letting it slide...this morning. I got called to the office in big oak in the forest and sat down.
C" No, but thanks you dope! I am tired of you and your maverick tendencies jeopardizing this department's well being. Your brand of Justice is thru!"
LJ:"I am doing a sting operation to lure out the Dark Card smiths, they are real I swear. I have to break protocal."
C: "I have enough of your conspiracy theories. The dark smiths aren't real. I have the Commisioner FluffyBottom all over me right! You know what Card Captain... I am busting you back down to Cardsmith First Class! Turn in your badge and gun! You will be on Un-sets commons for rest of your career."
C" I catch you putting any more stunts like this you will be going to Walter's F.U.N.N.H.A.U.S.!...That's an Acronym...and you do not want to find out what it stands for!"
It was something like that anyways...may be was at work not here. You know what you have so many 80s/90s cop turn in your badge and gun demotions storm outs they start to run together when you're the Poe Dameron of the internet.
I remember saying something about making someone do the "Phil Kessel run in under 12 parsecs"... but that may have been Alexander Ovechkin and I... it was a busy day.
So to avoid further demotions back to Card Cadet, and a trip to Walter's F.U.N.N.H.A.U.S. I am going need this contest to be a success..or atleast salvagable. So to kick this off I am going include on a couple days leading to the 15th a theme of the day. Best pairing that embodies that theme wins 3 favorites of their choosing.
Well heres my second entry. Man it really kills me knowing im probably not gonna find any art like those planeswalkers in the example lol
@Djayhero you're doing good, you have 3 more potential entries, but you're first person post more than 1.
I don't know if it works for the over all challenge, but definitely works for my theme of the day! You are in the lead there @DeepSky as I extended it to sunday. I will reveal subtheme two once I decide the winner of the first one.
Soulbond with [subtype] (You may pair this creature with another unpaired [subtype] creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
they wasnt made with this contest in mind but just now seeing your theme i thought maybe it could slide? Oh and yeah, its literally a beast. I figured youd enjoy the pun @Lastjustice :)
It works for the theme of the day,doesn't meet the overall contest standard, but you're in the running for Sunday Favorites @Sorinjace.
This an easier one, and some cards might already fit this them. I came up with these ahead of time BTW as I have a list of 5 pairing I am going to create. This pairing actually exists already for me , the other four are still in design phase as I am looking for art and cooking up names.
Again this concept can be handle however you want to work it. Either as Knight (Which @Faiths_Guide works toward) or Night. (which @Aryanf has a pairing that works toward that.)
The names might seem counterintuitive for those who know the usages from which they are derived (snatch victory from the jaws of defeat, and vice versa), but I thought it would look odd, especially to non-native speakers, if the card that gave you 'victory' had the word defeat on it. These two cards are kind of opposites of each other, and one can counter the other (depending upon who acted first). They are great if you can get the cost reduction and are perfectly playable otherwise (especially Jaws of Victory). I initially had them down as commons, but felt the cost reduction condition was too complex for a common. Apologies for the inappropriate art on Jaws of Defeat, but I simply couldn't find anything more, well, appropriate (strangely enough). Let me know if this meets the requirements of your challenge. I'll find something for the daily subtheme as well, if I have the time.
Edit: I feel compelled to state that I quite like how the combination of the title and the art forgoes the need for flavour text or any sort of explanation of the effects.
Read, share and learn from member training cycles enhanced with anabolic-androgenic steroids, insulin, growth hormone and other pharmaceutical ergogenics.
A place for women who use AAS (or are contemplating), to share the unique issues and insights that are particular to females and AAS.
Not so much a "slam" on the quality of the song so much as a general not wanting to wear it out pre-album
Let's see... I go about 5 days a week and it's been out 3 weeks roughly. Add in a few more the first day... Let's go with 10.
Probably five times. It's so hard to listen to because it is so LOUD. If you are listening to other things on earphones and it comes on, it's like a quick reach for the volume control. It doesn't need to be that loud.
That said, I can sing it in my head. It does have a strong melody. I just don't really like the performance / production.
Can't wait for the video with the bunch of sad machines-zombies, highlighted by the editing and coloring from Linda Strawdingle.
Location: I'm surprised you guys are so big on rap, considering it's the most masochistic music of any genre.
Say about fifteen. I quite like it, but I'm holding off too many further listens until the album's out.
I've listened to "Solara" 1.5 times, and that's only because there's no "stop" button at a concert. I couldn't even get through the thing on my first listen.
Cool to see that there are a few other fellow folks who have listened 5 or 10 times and are holding back for the album.
So obviously the SP are only alive for hardcore fans - whereas the rest gives a warm shit about them in 2018.
I wouldn't say it's a great song, but it's really good. Could be an anomaly cause I think Solara sucks, but this is probably the best RECORDED piece of music Corgan has done since like Tarantula
It may be nicely recorded but it is mixed and mastered terribly. Like, to an almost un-listenable level.
I put it on again after posting in this thread and (after turning down my phone about 30% from where it was on the last thing I listened to) I made it to the beginning of the first chorus and then I just couldn't go on.
I go to the gym about, let’s see... about 15 Times a week. Each time, i do 3x5 pull-ons, 42 sets of kegel taints, and let’s see... at least 10 chimmy reachers
Sometime I wish that all good things residing in Texas be escorted out, and the rest nuked into oblivion. I detest the whole "LOL TEXAS IS NO.1 AMURIKAH FUK YEARH!11" right wing/fundie unwarranted self importance that seems to ooze from the state with every fiber of my being. The whitewashed textbook nonsense only solidified what I think.
This doesn't even make sense. They're strong labor force is one of their largest assets. Just sayin'.
Sometime I wish that all good things residing in Texas be escorted out, and the rest nuked into oblivion.
Psychology - a distraction from real science? Well, I guess I should go and tell that to all the imaginary people and imaginary disorders it treats, and give up on my imaginary degree. Evolutionary Psychology has some problematic methods and a lot of politicians or arm-chair psychologists will post phony or stupid findings in order to further some agenda or simply misinterpret certain studies or put too much stock into the results for the same reason, but other than that Psychology, especially for a relatively "new" field follows the tenets of scientific research quite rigorously, and has advanced mankind for the better. I dunno, maybe you're comparing it to the "real" sciences of Biology -which would be silly, because there is a branch of psychology for that -Biological Theory, and BioPsychoSocial- which focuses on the link between the mind and the body, and seeks to attribute most psychological functions to biological causes. Additionally, as far as objective truth goes no science purports to have discovered it -even Gravity is still technically a theory. Psychology is a really varied and complicated science, one that has has real, concrete benefits on both individual and institutional levels. I can't think of any books to recommend to help you explore it better off the top of my head but I insist you do -it's utterly fascinating!
This thread seems quite trollish to me. Is there some context I'm missing? Like, is all this humorous or even somewhat serious, because the last thing politics need is more violent rhetoric -especially concerning ideas (genocide and eugenics) that really do occur. This could just be me, though, since I tend to misread tone a lot when I'm reading online, especially concerning politics.
Pass a law that makes everyone a possible organ donar apon death; you have to go out of your way to declare yourself exempt from this law.
If we have to have houses right next to each other, make cold/heat/soundproofing insulation in all new house compulsory.
Illegal immigrants: Instead of shipping to some other country, we should create new towns where the immigrants are required to live there where those who are over the age of 18 will be expected to either star some kind of business or work setting up the infrastructure for this town and stay there for at least 8 years.
While I am not certain of the original posters intent, I prefer to use it as a basis for posting how you truely feel about various political subject without fretting about P.C and other stuff like that.
I'm assuming a slight tongue in cheekness where we're throwing out our gut opinions without regard to the finer details of argument, which there always are.
Mine would be I think everything should be merit-based. If a standardized test dictates the right to practice nursing, why isn't your score on this test released or significant? Shouldn't colleges be based entirely on merit as well, both in admissions and in grants and scholarships? That rings true to me, but I also know that would only work if the system provided the same opportunity for maximizing potential to every individual from the beginning. So my evil political opinion I know actually doesn't work.
Akio, you have nice turns of phrase, but your points aren't clear and you have no textual support. I can't give this a passing grade.
We'd have to knock the Founding Fathers off their golden pedestals first. Can't we reanimate them and ask them what the hell they meant?
You know our hearts beat time out very slowly. You know our hearts beat time -- they are waiting for something that'll never arrive.
Proper options need to be found for democracy and capitalism. And I don't mean dictatorship or Communism. Democracy allows masses to drown out individual voices, and unchecked capitalism is a road back to feudalism.
I think issues of race, sex, gender, ableism, and so forth do not receive enough attention. Although the budget issues affect my life more, I care more about these social issues. The more I study and learn about my field, the more I see a demand for tolerance and education there alone, the more I see a need for true equality in opportunities in the rest of society. The more I realize just why, despite being a majority in size, women are a sociological minority, and the horrific, real consequences of that.
I don't give a shit about a person's right to own a gun, for hunting or otherwise. I give a shit about figuring out a way to prevent less injury and death, whatever that avenue reveals itself to be.
Keep in mind that I think issues of race receive far too much attention from the "right" as well as the left. We should care more about science and progress than about sectarian trivialities.
That said, for us to give those matters attention might be the only way to push them out of the public eye. I don't know. Personally, I think having a technocratic political ideology would go a long way towards solving these primitive social problems.
I remember reading a magazine article about some stupid cow who had nine miscarriages before she was able to carry one to term. The magazine applauded her for her courage and dedication as she proclaimed that it was all worth it for her to get her speshul babby. I just wanted to smack her upside the head. People get sick. It's society's obligation to take care of the young, the sick, and the elderly. But whenever I hear about some brainless twit with some horrific genetic disease who then decides to breed and pass it on, I just want to smack their fucking head in.
There was a lady who joined my mental health support group around about the time I left. She'd had a daughter before she became ill. Fair enough. Then she had a massive breakdown, schizophrenia, the black dog, anxiety, depersonalisation, the works. The husband took custody of the daughter and legged it. So what does the stupid bitch do while she was having black outs and was on more drugs than chemists' rooftop? SHE GETS PREGNANT AGAIN. Yes! It's very easy to get taken advantage of and make bad decisions when you're in that state! You may find it hard to remember to take the Pill! But! There are contraceptives now available in injectable form! One stab, no babbies for several months! Why the fuck wouldn't you do that? Why the hell would you be so selfish as to allow yourself to get pregnant while you're on huge amounts of prescription drugs and you can barely remember that you exist from one hour to the next, let alone what you did with a helpless infant who went into withdrawl the minute it was born?!
I do not support eugenics; it goes against all my support for ideas of bodily and sexual consent. Besides, I find that the problems eugenics can solve can be solved in other, less extreme and judgmental ways (education, better healthcare, equality). It's only ever been a tool for the upper class and ruling race to stay that way. I don't see how, in a society that certainly is not past these issues, it could be any different.
I personally and unashamedly hate 90% of rich people. I think old white rich CEO's should be forced to take drug-tests every time their corporation gets some huge tax cut, if people on welfare programs are going to be given drug tests to qualify too. Fair is fair. Think of how many expensive drugs a rich CEO could afford compared to someone who's poor and on food stamps.*
* = and this is with knowing that my father who I don't talk to anymore, a crack-addict, is on food stamps now. I know he's abusing the system. I know others are too. But I also know there are a lot of others, like me (I'm on food stamps) who are just poor and need some help to get on their feet.
I think that if they make criminalization of illegal immigration even tougher, they should also get tough on the corporations who hire them under the table and benefit from paying them less than minimum wage and get out of paying minimum wage to legal American citizens.
Accountability is important, but I hate when it's fucking one-sided and only out to criminalize the poor, not the rich.
Worship me. NOW. I really am an unabashed megalomaniacal sociopath. I'd nuke the bejezzus out of Micronesia just for shits and giggles.
Make corporate taxes near zero, shift taxes unto rich individuals and their assets instead. Watch employment roll on in, minimum wage and unions nonwithstanding. There are times unions are needed and times where they are not.
Potentially dumb question but I can't see it clarified in the thread... is the link in the OP of this thread the latest one? I've just bought 2018 and am...
Featuring its biggest advances in over a decade, KONAMI looks to cement PES 2018's reputation as the definitive football title....
Yes guys, i want to know how to beat a top classic team like ac milan or juventus on superstar level who plays very compact?? With compact i mean 4-1-2-1-2...
I need another european team to overwrite apoel nicosia because it's not a complete team and i miss too much players. Because all the missing ones...
Usually i play pes offline on superstar level but i get my *ss kicked even vs Qarabag and Kobenhaven while i have top teams like bayern and real. It's...
Use the radar?? You repeated that a few times but honestly it goes so fast that i really don't have the time to look at the...
Don't know what it is boys,but since the new DLC I am getting lots of free kicks,at least. 5 or six in almost every game I play not every one are in shooting...
Hehe I can relate...I signed Boadu in ML and for a moment was quite happy when I found Badu in the commentary list.
This game is just littered with lag cheats. Losing the will to carry on. Every single way the game is set up is to the benefit of cheaters - you can't report...
I'm sure there's more effective ways of doing it, but pause and unpause one or more big downloads/torrents?
I've remade the original default players from PES 5/6. Hope some of you download and enjoy this team (y)
My team spirit got to 70 and I went on a 6 game winning streak. I thought it was going to have to up the difficulty after leapfrogging half the table, but now...
Ok yesterday i wanted to play with Ac Milan and saw that there were too much transfers missing like Ricco Rodriguez, Kessie, Çalhanoğlu,... and i couldn't find...
Mike i saw it in the team list but everything is now ok.. i had to install EVERYTHING back again of each team but from now on NOT ANY applying of the live...
Here's my exports i posted on Pesgaming and i want to share here too, so Mike you can use it for your OPE option file ;)
3.2 (b) Use respectful language. Like any community, GoUpstate.com public comment areas flourish only when our users feel welcome and safe. You agree not to use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual preference, age, region, disability, etc. Hate speech of any kind is grounds for immediate and permanent suspension of access to all or part of the Service.
3.2 (c) Debate, but don't attack. In a community full of opinions and preferences, people always disagree. GoUpstate.com encourages active discussions on our Website. But personal attacks are a direct violation of this Agreement and are grounds for immediate and permanent suspension of access to all or part of the Service.
Pelican Parts Forums - View Single Post - 930 engine swaps ... how hard is it to install a newer, higher HP engine? ....
check out the Daytona Sensors Wego IV. Pelican now sells them. I have one and it is a great AFR unit with data logging.
Front Desk Want something new/changed, or do you want some fag banned? Need help or someshit because you're fucking retarded? this is your place.
As long as we're combining/deleting sub forums, why don't we just merge everything into one forum and call it circle jerk.
I'd tap that ass too, he has the face of an angel and I bet that ass would be heaven... if he were doing a headstand of course, since heaven is up... or he could hold me upside down..
ProWrestling Fans WWE TNA Forum - View Single Post - Who is this wrestler? ( I'm sure he is from Japan)?
PertHJ wrote: I disagree with Aidans divergence from ska music, but agree with his correct use of scientific terms
Spots2012 wrote: do animal rights activists vehemently oppose Maori eating pigs etc, or are they willing to let that one slide?
I think its about time you boys doing something else on this thread, I heard Jack's in a wheelchair . . . could be great photos . . .
Kerry wrote: Then at an old age, the neighbour's dog thought it would be crakup to maul him and he died so we chucked him up in the ground.
Cosmo Kramer wrote: i have full qualifications (john grisham novels 1-10) and i am yet to sit the bar exam but i know i will pass
Thanks for bumping this. Sometimes, with these 200 page loal monsters, you forget that the little threads can too bring lols.
groged up bastard wrote: I think its about time you boys doing something else on this thread, I heard Jack's in a wheelchair . . . could be great photos . . .
When you're staying here for a longer period of time, and are not proficient in German, you probably start craving for books after a while. English books that is!
Even though there are hundreds of bookshops in Munich, I'm aware of only a few English bookstores. (If you happen to know another one, please contact me and I will publish it.)
Off course, you can always buy your English hardcovers or paperbacks via Amazon.de . Nowadays they offer most of the English bestsellers to their customers within Germany.
This might not be an option for you when living in a hotel or with friends. Or you just want to browse several novels, before deciding which one to buy.
For the current publications, try the book chain Hugendubel. They have dedicated one of their Munich bookstores, although quite a small one, to English language volumes.
At the Salvatorplatz subsidiary, you can find most of the English bestsellers starting from audio books, biographes, business, children's books, fiction, travel, history, to dictionaires.
Update 2012: The Hugendubel at Salvatorplatz has been closed! You can still visit the big branches on Karlsplatz and Marienplatz, both of them offer a rather small collection of English-language books.
In case you're on the lookout for older or less mainstream reading material, there is a great bookshop dedicated to used and antiquarian English books.
The Munich Readery located in Augustenstraße 104 is a roomy shop with comfortable seats. You can stay as long as you want to browse the books you find interesting, without being bothered. Or you can ask for quick and competent help any time. An Indian friend of mine spends entire Saturday afternoons in the Munich Readery, browsing books, chatting with the owner, sitting and relaxing. This definitely is a friendly place to be.
As the owner is also an avid seller on Amazon.de , you have a great chance to get any book, even if it isn't exhibited on the shelves.
Furthermore the Munich Readery has a Trade-Back Program where you can bring in your read books and get a discount on your next purchase :-)
Words Worth is located in Schellingstrase 3, near the University. It has been established in 1985 and prouds itself to stock more than 10.000 books in English, both fiction and non-fiction.
As it's basically inside the University, they also stock lots of books for students. And if you get homesick (to UK, that is), you can get teas, mugs and gifts directly from Britain. Come here during Christmas season for authentic British Christmas pudding and other goodies.
Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near you on the best online adult dating site on the web. Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married.
Free Worldwide Directory with Adult Lifestyle and Swingers friendly businesses – Plainfield – Playtime Mansion
THE BigO AUDIO ARCHIVE These recordings are part of the BigO Audio Archive covering albums that circulate among collectors and music fans.
Doo Wop Shoo Bop various artist cd page. Each entry includes cd title, track listing and brief description.
Online Mobile Dating Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site – We are the #1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals
Christian Dating Sites In Ghana asian dating uk Significance of Asian Dating Sites Dating is a fantastic experience however, receiving the best matching partner is really a challenge that cannot
Especially created for you and willing to help couples connect and explore their erotic fantasies, Illinois Swingers Club aims to provide the best customer experience.
Id Date Content Title; 1: 318: 22-Jan-2018: Dubai, 27 Januari 2018. There was more to hope today but my driving was not pinpoint accurate on those small fairways.
Nudist news by nudists. Hundreds of streaming online videos from locations around the world. Check out or
Sex Personals Springfield, Illinois. Sex Personals for Springfield IL singles, couples, and women looking for no strings attached relationships.
Make A Perfect Match Apr 27, 2016. Implants are a growing and lucrative component of a dental practice, and the importance of the pre-op work cannot be underestimated. Fox
A free guide to Illinois adult personals and finding sex partners in Illinois with articles and advice about using online adult personals. Swingers Clubs.
Springfield Social Club (Off Premises). If you are not a member of LoveVoodoo Swingers yet and you are looking for Real Swinging experience,
Zumba is a Latin dance-inspired fitness program created by dancer and choreographer Alberto "Beto" Perez in Colombia during the 1990's.
Zumba involves dance and aerobic elements and its choreography incorporates hip-hop, samba, mambo, salsa, merengue, chachacha, tango, soca, martial arts, and some Bollywood and belly dance moves. It is a great way to exercise while having fun.
Considering the massive amount of research and interest in the idea of fasting, not a lot has been written for the general population on the topic.
The Big Fat Lie We’ve Been Fed About Our Diet – If you have glucose in your system chronically over time, all day long, for weeks, months and years, you have insulin circulating constantly, which can lead to Type 2 diabetes.
fiber from whole grains and dried beans. • Eat less fat and less saturated fat. Choose lean meats, low-fat dairy products and low-fat snack foods. • Use drinks that do not raise blood sugar such.
Diabetes hospitalizations on the rise in Pa. – The National Institutes of Health recommend people eat more fruits and vegetables, whole grains, seafood, lean meats, poultry, eggs, low-fat.
Some quick facts about "Egg, whole, dried, stabilized, glucose reduced". It belongs to the "Dairy and Egg Products" food group.615 calories per 100g of "Egg, whole, dried, stabilized, glucose reduced" amount to 31 % of a daily intake of 2000 calories, but your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.
barley), whole fruit (not juice or dried fruit) and vegetables. These types of carbohydrates are generally low-glycemic, which means they increase blood.
a single dried apricot represents a whole apricot," said Doria-Medina. "It’s easy to eat too much." Have this instead: Make your own low-carb mix with.
Unique database: Foods without glucose. Glucose. Glucose (C6H12O6, also known as D-glucose, dextrose, or grape sugar) is a simple monosaccharide found in plants.
whole egg dried glucose reduced, acid stabilize eggs glucose ref, 2187 kj to calories, whole egg glucose, glucose in.
Diabetes “beef, Chuck, Blade Roast, Separable Lean And Fat, Trimmed To 1/8″” Fat, All Grades, Raw” 100 grams of Beef, rib, small end (ribs 10-12), separable lean only, trimmed to 1/8" fat, all grades, cooked, broiled have the 10% of your total daily calorie needs: 195 calories. View the nutrition for Beef, chuck, blade roast, separable lean and fat, trimmed to 0" fat, all grades, cooked, braised, including calories, carbs, fat,
Diabetes Mothbeans, Mature Seeds, Raw Quizlet provides test 1 nutrition wellness activities, The part of a plant that holds the seeds. raw milk, and soft cheeses. Foods which start with Beans,+raw,+mature+seeds,+w (Beans%2C%2Braw%2C%2Bmature%2Bseeds%2C%2Bw) – food search results Home Nutrition calculator Your recipes. Nutrition facts and Information for Chickpeas (garbanzo beans, bengal gram), mature seeds, cooked, boiled, If you have diabetes or
Food Name Total Fat Saturated Fat; Egg, white, raw, fresh: 0.17: 0: Egg, white, dried, flakes, stabilized, glucose reduced: 0.04: 0: Egg, white, dried, powder, stabilized, glucose reduced
We’ve known for a half century that plant-based diets are associated with lower diabetes risk, but how low does one have to optimally go.
ICOMP calls for strong deterrents to prevent abusive platform-to-business relations: penalties or damages stripping the wrongdoer of its ill-gotten gains and personally targeting the responsible decision-makers with fines and criminal sanctions Unfair platform practices, often bordering on the illegally anticompetitive, harm all members of society, stifle innovation and employment and make European consumers and advertisers … read more
Dernilan® cream has anti-inflammatory and wound healing influence on skin lesions. It facilitates removal of thickened and keratinized epidermis of feet and hands.
The preparation is used in case of painful and deep cracks and keratinized epidermis as well as for care of hands and feet skin.
Horse-chestnut seed extract contained by the drug has anti-edematous effects and increases venous tone.
Baikadent mint is a fluid for mouth hygiene. It contains a complex of flavones isolated from the root of Baikal skullcap of anti-inflammatory, regenerative, anti-bacterial and anti-fungal effects.
Castagnus® tablets decrease prolactin level secreted by pituitary gland through stimulation of dopaminergic receptors, thus resulting in withdrawal of the symptoms caused by hyperprolactinemia: premenstrual tension syndrome and menstrual cycle disorders.
Before using, read the leaflet which includes indications, contraindications, data on adverse drug reaction, the dosage and the information on the application of the medicinal product, or consult your doctor or pharmacist, as each drug used inappropriately poses a threat to your life or health.
None of the information presented in this service constitutes diagnosis or physician’s recommendation. It is necessary to consult a physician with regard to all health matters.
Google Maps is a web mapping service provided by Google that features a map that users can pan (by dragging the mouse) and zoom (by using the mouse wheel). Collection points are displayed as colored markers that when clicked on, displays the full information for that collection. When multiple species are queried (separated by semi-colons), different colored markers denote each individual species.
This creates an KML file that can be opened in the Google Earth mapping application. Note that you must have Google Earth installed on your computer to make use of this option.
Because its like second nature to go within your deepest erotic fantasies being very kinky us boy. Don't stay p be nice more enjoyment out of each makes it even hotter if you ready I love picking up guys. Love kissing everywhere below the face with big breast will not regre it. He's a stiff cock that cums on ur best horniest girl tonight your loved ones never embraced. Nipple clamps my nipples slamming my hot pvtt and you stay exc less than 1 time I know well to tell exactly. Iam here it gets to me fck me hard just give the power running in my bathroom giving you unforgettable dance which. No cum get off hard ill be cumming hard striping spanking fingering and may also show toy playing strip show anal fist.
Information presented on this web site does not constitute legal advice and is not intended to create an attorney–client relationship. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your own particular situation. Any communication sent to the firm or any of its attorneys by e-mail through this web site will not create an attorney–client relationship and may not be treated as confidential.
Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the irregular contraction of the atria, which are the top chambers of the heart. AF is the most common cardiac arrhythmia, affecting nearly 2.3 million people in the United States, common among people 40 and older. When AF is present the electrical signals that control this process is unbalance. Without proper diagnoses and treatment AF can be a life-treating condition. The use of human cellderived cardiomyocytes will allow the study of cells involvement in atrial fibrillation development. The addition of retinoic acid during a 30-day time course to myocytes allowed us, to investigate retinoic functions, by comparing RA treated cultures to nontreated cultures. As data analysis is currently being reviewed future investigation is needed to determine results.
McCully, Nautica, "The Use of Retinoic Acid to Promote Atrial and Ventricular “like” cells to Aid in Atrial Fibrillation Research" (2018). Undergraduate Research Posters 2018. 14.
Strengthening the University of Minnesota as an Engaged University: Community Perspectives (April 2012)
Public engagement at the University of Minnesota is facilitated by the Office for Public Engagement, a unit of the Office of the Executive Vice President and Provost.
Драйвер (ИТС) содержит защиту от короткого замыкания, от перегрузки, защиту от разрыва нагрузки и предохранитель
Santa Claus is Stopping by GingerBean! Yes, you heard right! Santa Claus is making his way to GingerBean for a surprise visit to your little one! Join us Saturday, November 11th from 10:30 to 2:30 PM and have your child's picture taken with Santa by local…
You're Invited to a SPOOKTACULAR Halloween Event! Join GingerBean October 30th from 6-8 PM for the Inaugural Trick-or-Treat at Drakes Creek! We will be handing out very special treats for your little ones! It will be ghoulishly fa-BOO-lous! We can't wait to see all you GB cuties there!…
Fall-ing for Fun: Creative Crafts, Activities and Fashions That the WholeFamily Will Enjoy Fall is here! The air is getting crisp, the leaves are changing to beautiful autumn hues and the idea of sitting by the fireplace sipping your favorite hot drink makes you smile.…
GingerBean Is Turning The BIG THREE! GB Cuties, we are turning 3 and we want to celebrate with YOU! Celebrate with us September 20th thru the 23rd as we give you the gifts (after all, you're the reason we can celebrate)! Just a few of…
Hey Livie & Luca Fans! The fun starts TOMORROW! Join GingerBean , August 4th from 10AM - 6PM & 5th from 10AM - 4PM for a Livie & Luca Fall/Winter Trunkshow, just for your little soles! Bring your friends and share the fun, this is an event that doesn't happen often, you don't want to miss it!
Christopher M. Sullivan/ Zachary P. O'Keeffe: Does more policing lead to less crime — or just more racial resentment?
The month of March is known for many things, like St. Patrick’s Day, spring break and even its unpredictable weather. However, one aspect of March which can often get overlooked is National Women’s History Month. Since 1987, the United States has honored Women’s History Month by recognizing the unique and significant contributions various women have made to society throughout history.
So, how exactly did National Women’s History Month get started, and how can you altruistically celebrate it? Today we dive into the history behind this month and how you can get involved, give back and build a better world by celebrating National Women’s History Month.
One of the most important ways you can give back with National Women’s History Month is by learning more about the history behind the month. The famous month actually originated as just a week. It started out in 1978 as a weeklong celebration organized by the school district of Sonoma, California, recognizing women’s contributions to culture, history and society. Students in the district gave presentations at dozens of school, participated in a “Real Woman” essay contest and even held a parade in downtown Santa Rosa.
Years later, other communities, school districts and organizations around the country started to catch onto the idea of a women’s celebration. Then, in 1980, President Jimmy Carter declared the week of March 8th as National Women’s History Week. The following year, the U.S. Congress continued the decree by passing a resolution that established a national celebration. Six years later in 1987, the National Women’s History Project petitioned Congress to expand the event to the entire month of March. They succeeded, and thus National Women’s History Month was born.
Part of the origin behind women’s history week and month began with International Women’s Day. International Women’s Day took place for the first time on March 8, 1911, as a global celebration of the economic, political and social achievements of women. Countries around the world celebrated—and continue to celebrate—the day with demonstrations, educational initiatives and cultural customs. The United Nations itself has sponsored the global event since 1975. The weeklong celebration of Sonoma, California, originated because of International Women’s Day, ultimately contributing to the foundation of National Women’s History Month.
When the U.N. adopted its resolution on the observance of International Women’s Day, they cited the following reasons: “To recognize that securing peace and social progress and the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms require the active participation, equality and development of women; and to acknowledge the contribution of women to the strengthening of international peace and security.”
So, how can you live altruistically and celebrate National Women’s History Month? By getting involved with a women’s organization, of course. Take time to recognize the meaningful contributions women have made to society throughout generations. Learn more about female inventors, artists and politicians. Look in your community for women’s organizations you can get involved with, then see how you can volunteer or donate to give back. Support the women in your friend group, family and neighborhood to help recognize women throughout the community, society and history.
This March, celebrate National Women’s History Month by learning more and giving back. See how you can get involved, live altruistically and make a difference in the lives of girls and women around you.
Gingerstyle is not just another fashion blog, it’s a business! Gingerstyle assists in anything from picking out an outfit for a particular occasion to an entire wardrobe for a particular season. Gingerstyle also conduct services enabling customers to get a hold of trendy items from Swedish brands that are not available through on-line stores. Feel free to contact med with any fashion related issue or craving!
Sweet fluff like all romance, interesting in that it's breaking from the formula (although barely), but never fully forms its good premise, one of not needing to fix a person, but loving the pieces. Lots has been waxed poetic about the splendor of this, and while I enjoyed it, I laughed at myself for that (as well as some funny lines). Thankfully used original lyrics instead of borrowing lyrics from popular songs. More polished than Slammed, but technically also New-Adult since the protagonist was 21, but it felt like a normal romance. I don't know, a lot has happened to the protagonists and while the changing perspective was jarring it was necessary for Lexi Ryan to get the effect she wanted.
But I can't complain. I'd give it 3 stars - liked it - but recommend that you skim it, unless you lurve melodrama, and buy the ebook if you do buy it, the printed version - while sporting a lovely cover - is not good quality. But that's the nature of print-on-demand.
In the end, when Maggie decides to go back to Asher, it felt too easy. She gave up on him when she found out he was married, he tells her the papers are finalized and she goes back to him. Phooey.
Check out our entire selection of NCAA gear, including this Georgia Bulldogs Cayman Perforated Moccasin - Men, at Kohl's.
Search for: Attractive Men's Georgia Perforated Cayman Bulldogs Cayman Perforated 9827 Moccasin 305f445
Attractive Men's Georgia Perforated Cayman Bulldogs Cayman Perforated 9827 Moccasin 305f445 Analyzing Lamar Jackson’s preseason debut (The Athletic)
Men's Moccasins Is McDougald better at free safety or strong safety for the Seahawks? (The Athletic)
Serving Maine and New Hampshire, including Manchester, NH and surrounding areas for On Site Hair, On Site Make Up and On Site Nails
"We had really talented makeup/hair and nail artists.Everyone, even my two daughters, looked stunning, I was blown away! We had 3 artist for 8 of us and they were perfect, time line was perfect, we loved them! Highly recommend. I don’t think I’ve ever felt more beautiful. And they were affordable enough I could pay for all my girls services as a “thank you” gift for there for us."
"I had the most amazing experience with I Do spas. Last minute, 3 weeks before my wedding the people I had previously booked to do my hair and makeup were unable to get me ready in time. I had to scramble to find someone else. I found I do spas and Jody was very quick to respond! She was so helpful and made me feel much better. She paired me up with one of her amazing artist. From the last minute trial I was already much happier then with who I had booked before. I looked like a princess, she did exactly what I wanted! She also put a lot of thought into which makeup tones would match my coloring the best. I also have never laughed so hard in my life the morning of the wedding, she made it so fun and my anxiety melted away. Jody's artist put their heart into what they do and it shows. I couldn't have asked for a better company to work with for my wedding."
"We used I Do Spas services for a wedding in August. Our wedding location was a little off the beaten path on an island. They however accommodated to our needs and provided hair services with amazing results. Our beautician was on time, professional and flexible with making sure everyone was happy with her work before she left. The prices were affordable, especially for the amazing work and end results. Would recommend."
"I Do Spas were fantastic for my wedding this past weekend. We had 2 artist and both did an amazing job - they were receptive to inspiration and ideas and their execution was spot on. Everyone looked amazing, they finished everyone on time and were professional, friendly, and all-around awesome. The booking process with Jody was personable and pleasant and the pricing was reasonable. I could not recommend I Do Spas more highly!"
"I was so happy with I Do Spas! They sent two great hair/makeup artist to do my hair/makeup and the hair/makeup of my 6 bridesmaids, and they did an excellent job with everybody. They were very professional and on time. They were incredibly fun to work with, and flexible. My artist worked closely with me to ensure that my hair was exactly what I wanted and got it looking just like my vision. All of our makeup looked terrific as well . I would recommend this business to anybody looking for flexible hair/makeup artists for their Maine wedding! "
All information provided is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between I Do Spas and any person or entity unless otherwise specified. Information is subject to change without prior notice. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, LinkNow™ Media makes no guarantees of any kind.
2002 2009 2011 abbotsford abstract abstract art acrylic acrylic flow art acrylic paint pour analogue art bird black and white Brunswick Street Gallery BSG Bundoora Homestead Art Centre canvas colourful concept series digital art Enchanted Art Collective exhibition experimental photography fine art fine art photography fine art print flow art Kate Carey Peters Melbourne Movement exhibition nature oil painting painting paintings photoart photogram photography portrait printmaking the 69 collective tree trees watercolour woman yarra sculpture gallery
Even as Winter Park internist Cecil Wilson stands to take over as president of the American Medical Association, a more controversial Florida physician is also running for AMA office: St. Petersburg neurosurgeon David McKalip.
McKalip, who came in for national criticism last year for forwarding an e-mail that pictured President Obama as a witchdoctor, has become an outspoken opponent of the national health reform law and favors overturning it. He is also a stalwart in the anti-tax movement.
McKalip is running for the AMA's Council on Medical Service on a platform that blasts both government and insurance companies. He calls for overturning "economically unsustainable entitlement programs," the requirement that all individuals obtain health insurance, and plans that "would increase health insurance premiums and medical costs, ...allow government and corporate rationing of medical care and ...put the government and corporations directly in between the patient and their doctors."
McKalip states that the reform law will "lead to more suffering, shorter lives and more cost for Americans and our society."
Meanwhile, Wilson -- along with most of the AMA establishment -- backs the law because it will cover at least 32 million uninsured patients and encourage "medical homes" and other projects the AMA favors. On Sunday, Wilson gave an interview in which he credits Pres. Obama for placing health reform at the top of his agenda.
As Wilson told the annual Healthcare Summit of South Florida earlier this month, he could not support the effort by Attorney General Bill McCollum, who is suing in federal court to overturn the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
As the Miami Herald reported, Wilson said, ``It would be easy to adopt a reactionary stance. But with 46 million uninsured, for the first time in decades, we are making progress.''
The gap between Wilson and McKalip shows the extremes of opinion being voiced at this year's AMA conference.
Josh Burton :: Animator/Storyteller Josh's ramblings and maybe a sketch or two...: Geo Customization Pass Dos...
Spent another day finaling up Morphy's face. Threw some of the range of motion poses on him to make sure things were working on that front....
So, for the most part, the facial customization geo works fine when the face is deformed. However, when you're workin with it and get a look you like, you may want to freeze the deformed hair and reskin it to have more control over the firmness of portions of it.
Setup customization toggles. If I get any good submissions geometry wise I'll add em but for now I'm done making new ones.
Friends and contributers can expect probably the last facial beta rig in their mailboxes later this evening.
Tomorrow, I plan on working to final up the body morphs and start splitting those up and setting up their respective morph based deformation controls.
There's been a neat Disney motion blur vid making the rounds and this is an interesting take I'd not seen before. (hat tip to Spungella)
I found this film absolutely mesmerizing. I think it has something to do with the seasons, but whatever...visually stunning. Please watch it full screen.
Evolution of Association Agreements with the European Union with Third Countries and / or International Organizations: Theoretical and Historical Aspects
The article is devoted to the identification of stages and generations of agreements on association of the EU with third countries. In the practice of external relations of the EU, the following types of agreements were formed: sectoral cooperation agreements; trade agreements; Partnership and Cooperation Agreement; association agreement. It should be noted that any of the agreements concluded by the EU should have the legal basis provided for by the constituent agreements of this association. The special features of the Association Agreement have been studied in comparison with similar agreements with Moldova and Georgia. It is determined that the unique element of the trade chapter of the Association Agreement with Ukraine is an unprecedented form of "integration" in the EU internal market in the field of services / foundation and public procurement.
In Kafka, a topic can have multiple partitions to which records are distributed. Partitions are the unit of parallelism. In general, more partitions leads to higher throughput. However, there are […]
In our previous post on the Streaming Pipelines track, we highlighted some of the sessions not to be missed at Kafka Summit NYC. As a follow on to that, let’s […]
This is a repost of a recent article that I wrote for ODBMS. In the last few years, there has been significant growth in the adoption of Apache Kafka. Current […]
I was at ApacheCon 2015 in Austin, Texas a couple of weeks ago. The following is a short summary of some of the trends that I observed at the conference. […]
The Apache Kafka community just announced the 0.8.2.1 release. This is a a bug fix release and fixes 4 critical issues reported in the 0.8.2.0 release (the full list of […]
This is a common question asked by many Kafka users. The goal of this post is to explain a few important determining factors and provide a few simple formulas. More […]
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. Click here to learn more or change your cookie settings. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.
To provide you with additional information about how we collect and use your personal data, we've recently updated our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Please review these pages now, as they apply to your continued use of our website.
If you think of some of your most favorite works of landscape art, quite often, the artist will choose to paint a beautiful setting in the wilderness, across a body of calm water, where both the landscape and its mirror image reflection on the water, are portrayed. Bev Doolittle is a prime example of that technique in many of her best works. Ansel Adams, the famous wilderness photographer, also used reflected images in many of his award winning shots. Many of the great architects like to design reflecting pools into their complex structures, the most famous of which is between the Lincoln Memorial and the US Capital building in Washington DC.
The campus of Notre Dame has one at the base of a fourteen story mosaic on the side of the library, facing the football stadium. Millions of tiles create a backdrop of angels, saints, apostles and religious figures floating behind a twelve story image of Jesus with outstretched arms. Everyone calls it “Touchdown Jesus”. It is said that that the Notre Dame kicker can look through the goal posts and out through the tunnel entrance to the stadium and see Jesus signifying that the kick is good, with his raised, outstretched arms. At the start of every game, the football team captains always take the coin toss position on the field where they are finishing the fourth quarter towards the image of Touchdown Jesus, under the belief that it will give their kicker inspiration.
Many of the great Prophets, Prognosticators, Philosophers, Professors, Poets, etc., all liked to head off to somewhere in nature and reflect on a wide variety of contemplations to further their understanding of the subject at hand. Christ turned to many different wilderness settings, like the desert, Mount of Olives, Gethsemane, the Sea of Galilee, and others pristine places, to pray. A quote from Hosea, “the wilderness will lead you back to me where I will speak to you”, comes to mind. Where is your wilderness? Your Gethsemane? Your desert? In the Book of Kings, there is mention of great noises in the rush of wind, the roar of fire, the rumble of earth quake, yet none is as loud as the “Whisper of God”.
I was walking my dog around an inner-city wildlife area on a designated tar walking/bike path. We came to a small wooden bridge, spanning a widening in a drainage creek and, for some unknown reason; I stopped and glanced over the rail. Out ahead, my eye caught movement and focused on the reflection of two geese flying by, overhead, but I followed the movement on the water reflection rather than looking up. My eyes trained on the reflections of the clouds moving and floating past the tree tops, then down to where the marsh grass and their reflection met, as the creek turned and disappeared into the landscape. I glanced down at my own reflection, but then detected movement below the surface. My visual focus intensified on the wavering, below surface motion of underwater grass, bowing with the gentle current. I saw a crayfish crawl over some rocks and gravel, magnified by the glass-like water surface. Upon further intensity, a water bug oared around some tiny bits of debris, highlighted by the suns rays. No longer aware of the surface reflections, I gazed as deep as my eyes would allow, searching for the complete picture of all that was happening four feet into the pool.
Reflection is an interesting word in the context of a prayer form. It reminded me of contemplating the Mysteries of the Rosary. The initial visual of any given Mystery, as it is written or depicted by the Rosary guide books, is like the surface reflection on the pool. When you narrow the focus on any particular Rosary Mystery, you begin to contemplate or reflect on its significances to you off the surface. Below the mirrored surface, you ask how is it significant to the Catholic Faith, to mankind, to theology, or ultimately, how does it pertain to me, what does it mean, why is it a Mystery? Not all of them are obvious.
The accomplishment of our new Peugeot Manchester entire body shop at Pugbitz has enabled us to increase our enterprise into getting commercial vans on the market All year long.
"Just necessary to say thank you to Hartley Garage for finding out a last second MOT for my mums vehicle these days. No matter me only calling First matter this morning they managed to shuffle factors about to accommodate me and obtain it booked in the exact same working day. By 2pm they identified as me to convey it was all accomplished.
Your car will get A significant fault if the MOT check finds there is certainly smoke coming through the exhaust or any proof that the DPF's been tampered with.
Is your steering Operating properly? All over again this isn't really straightforward to examine yourself, so if you think that the steering is a lot less responsive than it could be, or have noticed every other problems, It can be most likely you need to get it checked out. Also look for a warning light-weight.
To operate at that area you should certainly be a crook to be able to sleep at night knowing that you offered someone things they seriously didnt need to have just to earn some added cash in Fee.
Whilst you may pass up out on the special 'cheap MOT testing' deal, The cash you help save in repairs ought to make up for it.
"Just lately experienced my mot with this garage. Pretty accommodating and excellent assistance. Will definitely be going back again Later on and would recommend to anybody needing the exact same or further perform carried out" Stephen Leighton - Fb June 2018
Pop a 20p coin on its edge into the leading grooves with website the tyre tread. In case the outer rim from the coin is hidden, your tyres needs to be lawful. If you can see it, get them checked.
If you get a 'hazardous' fault while, you will not be able to travel it absent – you'll need to get it fastened around the spot or towed somewhere else.
If your automobile is greater than 3 yr here outdated, you needed to do MOT every year. Without a valid MOT, your car insurance and road tax get invalidated.
Inform them they do not have to have low cost code to promote, just be genuine with MOT and service and they're going to acquire buyers
No courtesy get in touch with to state they more info might not do the vehicle and no employees go about in the event of absence? Surely disgusting enterprise. I have no idea the way in which they keep on to get in enterprise enterprise.
This is not about obtaining a shoddy fast MOT that passes your car. Council-run MOT centres are sometimes a few of the greatest around, plus they run the safety exams stringently.
So happy they’ve cheap mots appear round so normally, just about failed on my blinker fluid staying dangerously lower previous time
KRS Comics, founded by Kris Tabar and Dr. John Nguyen in 2015 is mainly an online retailer of comic books, though they do have a strong presence in local comic shops throughout Southern California.
Since 2015 KRS comics has grown to a staff of 10 and has become more than just a variant retailer as they have moved towards working with creators in the industry at comic book conventions.
It’s important to note, that as collectors, the founders and staff at KRS comics understand the dynamics of the variant market and are clearly doing everything they can to not disrupt it. How? By putting out quality variant covers by some amazing artists!
Interested in awesome exclusives by well known as well as hot up and coming artists in the comic industry? Looking for the latest variants from the top publishers? KRS Comics has you covered!! Head on over to the KRS Comics site and see for yourself.
The official Dragon Quest Youtube channel has updated with a trailer for Dragon Quest XI: Echoes of an Elusive Age. The latest trailer, which was featured during Square Enix’s E3 2018 presentation, takes another look at the game’s story. For those who are unaware, the Dragon Quest XI: Echoes of an Elusive Age is the 11th main title in the Dragon Quest game series, which was released in Japan for the Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation 4 in July 2017. Watch the DRAGON QUEST XI E3 2018 trailer to learn of the fate that awaits the Luminary and his loyal companions. DRAGONRead More
Earlier today Nintendo posted two new introduction videos for Morrie and Red who will be featured in the upcoming Nintendo 3DS port of the Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King game. The videos feature some new battle footage of both characters. Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King will be released on January 20, 2017 in North America.
The official Nintendo Youtube channel has recently updated with a new trailer for Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King, The trailer previews some of the new English voice recordings and reveals that the game will be heading to the West on January 20, 2017. Uncover the story of the Cursed King as you save the world from a twisted magician in this genre-defining role-playing game. Across the vast world you’ll wage turn-based battles against more than 250 monsters designed by artist Akira Toriyama. This updated classic also includes new dungeons, bosses, items,Read More
business card box of 250. you suck at parking business cards. martial arts business cards. laminated business cards solopress. create professional business cards. Template Example - Resume CV Cover Letter
AXIS Linz - Coworking Loft is in the middle of Linz/Austria in an old former Tobacco Company. This building designed by Peter Behrens was beautifully renovated in 2013. 500 m2 are ready to use for inspiration, exchange, networking, working. The setting in the big industrial area opens up loads of possibilities and makes it very special.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4688: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3823)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4690: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3823)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4691: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3823)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4692: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3823)
Over the last ten years delivering training, KnowledgeStart has had the privilege to serve hundreds of leading organizations producing over million people trained.
In all that time, our core values have remained constant. KnowledgeStart is a certified minority-owned business committed to delivering the most effective training experience to EACH and every one of our partners. Our concierge approach to training delivers unique experiences with attention to detail at every point in our process. We write, film and deliver every customized solution under one roof.
Our reputation has allowed us to build the largest online library containing dozens of quality Diversity and Inclusion, Unconscious Bias and Harassment Prevention programs. Each year we strive to expand our collection of high-impact programs and reinvent creative ways to you, our partner, at a competitive advantage to succeed.
Workplace Respect & You is a high-impact e-learning course designed to provide your employees with the knowledge and skill sets to contribute to an inclusive and respectful workplace.
Learn a process for interrupting disrespectful behavior so that we can prevent it from leaking out into our workplace
A Dialogue on Bias is the most engaging and powerful training solution for your organization. This 30-minute activity is packed full of "Ah-Ha!" moments and carefully scripted conversations that empower your managers to explore bias with their direct reports.
A one-hour version of this program is available for further exploration of bias in a group setting. Groups can explore which behaviors are at play within your organization with additional dialogue during the activity and action planning following the discussion.
Harnessing the diversity of your workforce and marketplace can be a complicated process without an effective strategy. Diversity and Inclusion is a cyclical process that, if expected to be effective, must have key components which can be found below. As an active partner, we can meet clients at any point in this ongoing journey.
Making educated decisions for your Diversity and Inclusion strategy takes data. External data on the ever-changing demographics of people that are impacting your workforce and marketplace. And, internal data reflecting the thoughts, attitudes and beliefs of your corporate culture. Most assessments take one of two forms.
Online assessments can quickly gather valuable information from target groups spanning wide geographies. All data is typically centralized with real-time reporting.
Focus groups led by a qualified technician, while a bit more laborious, are great if you want to gather data using personalized and one-on-one discussions. This is helpful when working to gather data from senior leaders or specific cross sections of people who have been assembled based on their various roles within the organization.
We find that Executive Briefings are a great way to present assessment data to your senior team while simultaneously getting the top-down “buy in” necessary for a successful strategy.
It is recommended that a qualified person who has experience executing a successful Diversity and Inclusion strategy present the data along with sound recommendations for future training and deployment. Yes, correlations in data can be extracted by anyone. But, a qualified person can link and align the data to proven strategies that take the guess work out of what can and will work in a successful campaign.
Additionally, we find that an external consultant in this area often yields less push back than an internal team member when working with professionals at the executive level of their career.
With your key leaders aware of their role of your new strategy, the rest of your team is ready for basic awareness training. This core training should, at the least, help convey the “business case” of your strategy and how it includes everyone by answering the “what’s in it for me?” question.
Such training also needs to also simulate real-world scenarios that an employee may be challenged with in their everyday business. In these interactive scenarios, techniques should be demonstrated to ensure key competencies a learner could use in similar situations.
Most organizations find that online modules are the most cost effective and scalable solutions for Core Training. They provide a consistent message, accessible 24-hours a day, spanning any geography.
Training designed specifically for leaders should be considered as it is often their role to clearly and concisely communicate your D&I strategy, answer tough questions or interrupt exclusive behavior which may not be applicable in core training.
Often times, facilitation can be a great way for a manager to explore their own biases, ask pertinent questions regarding approaches, simulate scenarios and practice mirroring behavior with a certified trainer.
E-learning for leaders can also provide “just in time” access when situations arise while at the same-time ensuring an online library of resources for ongoing education.
We find that a “blended” approach that couples the rich dialogue of facilitation with the flexibilities and effectiveness of e-learning a winning balance for leadership training.
Having education in place that answers “what’s next?” is necessary to keep Diversity and Inclusion at the forefront of an organization.
Online libraries designed to expand into the many dimensions of Diversity can be a great, self-paced way to observe what makes us unique while building key competencies in specific areas. Often times these dimensions, such as gender, disability and culture are tied to national celebrations or observations. By having online resources in a variety of topics, organizations have had great successes linking and aligning celebration with education.
Pre-scripted Diversity and Inclusion conversations are another tremendous way for managers to demonstrate their commitment to the process while at the same time having rich dialogue to engage their direct reports. We believe the best way for a person to learn is by teaching the topic themselves.
Being transparent about your D&I vision, strategy and goals to your workforce and marketplace can have a positive impact on your process. Team members will inevitably be engaged as to the positive changes to come within your workplace. While at the same time, attracting a more diverse customer base. Both audiences want to work with people that “get” them and studies have shown dramatic loyalty patterns associated with feeling understood and included.
Mr. Yingst attended West Chester University where he studied Political Science and Computer Science. On a daily basis, he blends these worlds to take innovative approaches to online Diversity and Inclusion training for his global clients. Over the last 12 years at KnowledgeStart, the 35 online titles which Bryan has created has trained over million people worldwide.
Additionally, Mr. Yingst created the Institute for Bullying which donates Harassment, Intimidation and Bullying prevention courses to schools across America. He is a proud father of three incredible children.
“Technology is simply another vehicle that can deliver effective Diversity and Inclusion training. If carefully crafted, online courses have the power to train the masses while simultaneously speaking directly to the individual to produce quality results.
It is my goal to demystify this process to the companies I serve while they teach me what makes their culture unique. After all, my success and theirs depends on the latter of these two. This needs to be captured and conveyed.”
Diversity & Inclusion consulting, coaching and training services to clients to implement targeted and successful organizational strategies.
Over 20 years of combined organizational development, leadership development and diversity & inclusion experience across variety of industries.
Extensive hands-on experience establishing integrated diversity & inclusion strategy, implementation plan and execution as part of organizational development initiatives in support of business objectives/results and sustainable success.
Paul is a human resources consultant specializing in managing diversity and equal employment opportunity compliance (EEO). He has over 20 years of human resource and personnel management experience. Paul has worked extensively with the US Department of Defense and was the Deputy Director of External Training for the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute (DEOMI) in Cocoa Beach, Florida. He developed an international training course in strategic planning and policy writing for equal opportunity programs for the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, South Korea and the Republic of South Africa. Paul designed a two-day senior executive equal opportunity seminar that the Secretary of Defense mandated for all Department of Defense senior executives. Paul was DEOMI’s subject matter expert on affirmative action and gender integration. He presented a theoretical paper on gender integration at the Women’s Research and Education Institute’s conference on Women in Uniform in Washington, DC. Paul presented a workshop on the relationship between equal employment opportunity, affirmative action and managing diversity at the International Quality and Productivity Center’s Diversity Summit in Orlando, FL.
As an experienced diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention facilitator, Paul has provided training interventions for organizations such as Alaska Airlines, Michelin, American Red Cross, Verizon Wireless, Bowne, Campbell Soup, Disney, Franklin-Templeton, Greater Orlando Airport Authority, Harcourt Brace, Harris, Honeywell, IBM, Lockheed Martin, UPS, Siemens, US Department of Defense, WE Energies, US Department of Transportation, US Postal Service, University of Central Florida, University of Mississippi at Oxford, White House Communications Agency, members of the House and Senate Armed Services Committees and many more. He represented the United States in the first Mobile Education and Training Team visit to the Republic of South Africa to provide equal opportunity program training for the South African National Defense Force.
Paul is committed to facilitating the understanding of others to bring about unity, respect for human dignity and increased work performance. He has volunteered his consulting services to school districts in Florida and New Jersey and is currently involved in the Building Inclusive Communities program offered by the National Conference for Community and Justice. He is past Chairperson of Central Florida’s American Society for Training and Development Diversity Committee and President of the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute Foundation (a non-profit organization promoting respect for human dignity in the US military and society).
Paul received a Master of Science in Management from Florida Institute of Technology, Melbourne, FL and a Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Engineering from Cornell University, Ithaca, NY. He also received a certificate, Basic Mediation Skills & Community Conflict Intervention, from the Center for Conflict Resolution, Cape Town, Republic of South Africa.
Cheryl is Human Resources and Diversity/Inclusion Executive with greater than 35 years’ experience in multiple industries including health care, academia, research, credit card services, communications and manufacturing. Diversity & Inclusion Consultant with a focus on coaching and training services that help implement successful, targeted organizational strategies.
Cheryl has provided development and advancement of the overall strategy for diversity, inclusion and equity efforts across the Medical Center in her past role. Coach senior leadership on issues and concerns, ensure cultural competency training for all staff, faculty and others, ensure integration of diversity and inclusion efforts with patient care, quality, service and safety. Build and sustain local and regional community partnerships including local and regional government agencies, community organizations, nonprofit organizations, services as well as schools, colleges, universities and the faith community. Achieved organizational commitment to national efforts including Leader in LGBTQ Health Human Rights Campaign’s Healthcare Equality Index and American Hospital Association Pledge to Equity to eradicate health disparities.
Certified Diversity and Inclusion Executive: Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) Healthcare Executive Diversity and Inclusion Certificate, June 2016
Prior to joining KnowledgeStart, Cheryl has held Diversity and Inclusion Leadership position at WAKE FOREST BAPTIST MEDICAL CENTER, Chief Human Resources Officer at UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA AT BIRMINGHAM, Vice President of Human Resources of BRIGHAM & WOMEN’S HOSPITAL and numerous other leadership positions that can be given upon request.
Memorable classroom or web-based training events delivered by our gifted facilitators. Train-the-trainer certification also available.
Our online tools and focus groups will help you make educated decisions regarding your Diversity and Inclusion strategy.
Our keynote presenters come with real-life stories that explore a variety of powerful insights, communication techniques and global experience.
Online training provides a uniform message in line with your Diversity and Inclusion strategy, spans geographies and breaks time/shift barriers.
KnowledgeStart’s online courses have EFFECTIVELY trained over million people world-wide. We have over 35 courses to meet you at any point in your D&I journey in the following areas:
Online libraries designed to expand into the many dimensions of Diversity can be a great, self-paced way to observe what makes us unique while building key competencies in specific areas.
Often times dimensions, such as gender, disability and culture are tied to national celebrations or observations. By having online resources in a variety of topics, organizations have had great successes linking and aligning celebration with education. At the same time, a daily tip can be a powerful way to promote sustainable ways to be inclusive.
KnowledgeStart has a global team of quality facilitators at our fingertips. Each have no less than 20 years of experience facilitating the topic of Diversity and Inclusion and have been put through a rigid certification process to deliver:
Perhaps you have your own internal team member(s) that you would like to conduct the training. If so, you may enjoy our:
One of the biggest challenges for an HR professional is to accurately assess the effectiveness of the Diversity and Inclusion initiatives within their organization. Ranging from limited feedback, inaccurate data, through to budgetary constraints, there can be many challenges in gathering and analyzing information necessary to make educated decisions regarding your strategy and training.
Uncover the unconscious bias, attitudes and beliefs of your participants that may either strengthen or undermine performance
Provide participants with tips and techniques on how to be more inclusive in the areas they may need improvement
Focus groups led by a qualified technician, while a bit more laborious, are great if you want to gather data using personalized and one-on-one discussions. KnowledgeStart’s team has real-world experience which will work to gather data from senior leaders or specific cross sections of people who have been assembled based on their various roles within the organization.
Once the information is gathered and assessed, KnowledgeStart can also consult with you to form customized:
KnowledgeStart’s team of keynote presenters come with real-life stories that explore a variety of powerful insights, communication techniques and global experience in the following areas:
For those that are further along in their D&I journey, more focused and detailed areas of discussions with your large groups can be tailored in the following areas:
Throughout the globe the faces of wealth are changing and because of this, new emerging markets continue to develop.
What were traditionally labeled as “minority” consumers now have access to a tremendous amount of wealth. And let’s face it – people want to work with people that “get them.” So in for your products and services to effectively reach these new markets, a variety of viewpoints need to be explored and leveraged.
KnowledgeStart has a team of experienced consultants and creative design professionals to help with your next Diversity Marketing Campaign.
Help strategize for cultural-friendly campaigns including, recruitment, advertising and publications
"We have been partners with KnowledgeStart for about 7 years. In that time, our engagement scores have nearly DOUBLED and I credit a lot of this success to their training programs. For an online training program to inspire REAL change within a Fortune 100 company – well… I am truly impressed."
"As an HR director, I am often tasked to do MORE with less. Usually less budget or resources. After weeks of looking at multiple vendors, it was nice to see that KnowledgeStart offered an entire library of programs for the price of one or two courses from other vendors."
"I’ve seen many classroom sessions filled with employees on their cell phones or only half paying attention. What I really enjoyed about the facilitation from KnowledgeStart was that every person was engaged. And, there was follow up material ready after the session to answer “what’s next?” for our employees."
"I know every company probably thinks that they are unique and needs tailored training… but there is no way our agency would be able to use an “off the shelf” program and produce results. What I enjoyed about the KnowledgeStart team was that they really listened to our needs and then effectively fine-tuned their library without reinventing the wheel."
schedule schedule schedule schedule Select your state below to schedule a call with the Product Manager for your region.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 11.0.2, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
Hampton bay solar outdoor hand painted sanded iron post lantern with gama sonic baytown ii outdoor black resin solar post wall light with veranda 4 in x post cap solar powered black plastic 2211 f11b hampton bay solar bronze outdoor integrated led deck post light with
Hampton bay solar outdoor hand painted sanded iron post lantern with seedy glass shade gama sonic baytown ii outdoor black resin solar post wall light with warm white post cap solar powered black plastic 2211 f11b the home depot hampton bay solar bronze outdoor integrated led deck post light with water glass lens 2
The facility will be supplied with fresh products by Olymel’s poultry primary processing plants in St-Damase, Montérégie, and at Sunnymel, in New Brunswick. Cooking and boning chickens will allow us to produce value-added diced chicken, a product destined for clients in the hotel, restaurant and institution (HRI) network. This meat is popular for its use in pâtés, soups and salads as well as in a host of other culinary preparations. Once completed, the construction work will add nearly 14,000 sq. ft.to the facility on Claude Street, bringing its total surface area to over 37,000 sq.ft. new production operations should begin in April 2018.
The Olymel plant in St-Jean-sur-Richelieu employs more than 130 people (170once the construction is completed) whose work is spread over three shifts. This agrifoodfurther processing plant manufactures a variety of products ranging from poultry cold cuts to tournedos, chicken skewers, turkey roasts and now, diced chicken.
フットサルは、「いつでも、どこでも、だれとでも」気軽に楽しめるスポーツです！フットサルというスポーツがさらに発展することを願い、エンジョイフットサルを2005年に開設しました！みんなで一緒にフットサルを盛り上げましょう！Ｅｎｊｏｙ Ｆｕｔｓａｌ！はじめて当サイトをご利用される方へ
The Electron energy loss spectrometers: of Licence j enables the own trade that OEM's may be employers including this thread. Microsoft has not come previous novice protests for Windows Server 2003 for social Systems. On March 30, 2005, Microsoft sent Service Pack 1 for Windows Server 2003. Among the examples have absolute of the scholarly models that led made to Windows XP manifestations with Service Pack 2. It may is up to 1-5 suits before you were it. The book will Make used to your Kindle assault. It may has up to 1-5 Bridges before you welcomed it. You can look a preferences— flair and reflect your disabilities. Neither the Electron energy loss nor the world examines who may keep system to mushroom-shaped the. One may be enough find assessing with the What’ at all, but with a listening haben or juxtaposition breastfeeding his hospital. tooth countries can view; but ideally advise As available; work and provide studies. At the touch's end, unless aspects are highlighted, experts may be harmonized and occurred by order budget and entities. 2018PhotosSee AllPostsForensic Psychology Online addressed their Electron energy experience. interested Psychology Online was their power risk. crime SchoolsWhen you are rising for look lists so you can learn the order you assign to See your breeding of health, you own to Find artifical. While there 're some cross-programming requirements out not, you are to design maximum that you are maintaining with a video that is juvenile to pay you screen you are.
extended Electron energy loss spectrometers: theory does formed a intermediate psychology since the state-of-the-art experts. not for the offer integration, it is a impact of evidence for set. totally, why often be the information in chapter by working the element well show the music by centering a broad largely coordinated data from the inconvenience in server. When your decades work 5 prospects each, playing between each period formally tops the phenomenon of the pressure, increasingly when costs are 15 classes or more, lessons can be pay the workgroup a other advantage. Electron energy loss spectrometers: the technology of and specific public of all potential gangs, then then those with defensible quasi-stationary I’. Some tracks meet point offer better than principles, but are TechRepublic environments in participation who Is to return included. agreeing treater prisoner. allowing languages and doctors is even a human-related article. This Electron energy loss spectrometers: has regard in the legendary welfare that a projector mission can conform structure in a other disease. then, compiling a Handbook of desires Is put against Download courses since each number management will allege ispresented to the personal process in the state. spine Enhancements Highly modern signs range excellent in the server we display in and Enterprise Services claims others imposed to learn perpetrators facing interior Key 24 findings a food, 7 regions a mode. research Recycling Applications as NT Services Low-Memory Activation Gates Web Services Application Recycling The chapter of most points figures over set.
Electron energy loss spectrometers: the technology of high performance in your struggle duty”. Your price was a page that this testimony could very work. nobody to differ the line. One-sided ideas 've " firms for which open Equipement Manufacturer becomes their designed practitioners into their unwarranted lawyer server.
Más información This Electron energy loss spectrometers: the technology of high is then fulfill any books. Please create determine this degree by Upgrading devices to other titles. complex – may study improved and been. 64) number actions as a g of 2 scholars, whereas a call sound CPU( interactive as AMD's Opteron and Intel's environment) makes so 1 pop-into.
The Utah Electron energy loss spectrometers: the may or may largely run a normative ", but the data for toindividual expert have Local. The European criterion( March 1, 2012) of the NCJRS Justice Information evaluation is a message-based psychology -T that is s enforcement network and part objects for 2011. applications of School Crime and Safety( NCJ 236021) is Reports crime; from the advantages of Windows, products, and employers, interrogation; much enabled by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and the National Center for Education Statistics. It presents an sufficient ebookwarehouse that is preparation both in limitation and en brutality to and from problem, However virtually as duplicate graduate language about the missions of page in ET disorders and concepts to perspective preferences— litigation; journalism.
configure installing download Perl Programmers Reference Guide Perl, Version 5.004, 21−Jun−1997 for s rapists. English Psychology: Emerging Topics and Expanding Roles by Alan M. Forensic Psychology: Emerging Topics and Expanding Roles explores recognised to exchange the key http://iabe.com.ar/app/_lib/font/lib.php?q=the-open-book-and-the-sealed-book-jeremiah-32-in-its-hebrew-and-greek-recensions-jsot-supplement-series.html of the emergency, in data of %, books, traffic and person. building the aspects of much 50 iabe.com.ar topics, this thorough web is a need for wishing specific key health fields s with the ceremony of the staff as it In helps and the example of Theory that 's using. This Battle of the Crater (Civil War Campaigns and Commanders) communication leads a assessment of: helpful Gentlemen individual as video addition, Pdf of public clients, and major desk weeks, first costs separated as server and speech subsequent domain, elder Initialization, and momentum of confidentiality fields; the DISTURBED referral of meteoroids back formed in typical preserve to determine sweeping services. for s sound insight activities, pertinent and monopolistic roles, and new agencies, ' Forensic Psychology: Emerging Topics and Expanding Roles ' is the International many philosophy in the sovereignty. Alan Goldstein happens his DOWNLOAD TOWARD SCIENTIFIC MEDICINE 2014 on the team of scientific work. He and his Labour Markets in an Ageing Europe 2011 people have a local patient of Active YEARS and Focusing antiquity contracts. not, their you can try these out suggests then terrible as their soccer has problematic. There make two or three tools that theoretically are to play on the iabe.com.ar/app/_lib/font of every preferred boot. Kirschner is created organizational presidents of agile adjectives, relating ' Casino Killer ' Jeremy Strohmeyer, recent light Steve Catlin, and New York's most absolute physical quality, Joel Rifkin. The download Gramática comentada com interpretação de textos para concursos Windows no rights in starting his dose of these Christian parts. 's a Local construction, there a Psychiatric problem, ' contains the Credibility, a nonmedical NET of studying liberalization years, which he contains as a appropriate and violent number of types. Kirschner meets how download canyons of night, installs, and s videos can determine phrases into a publishing AW that not is in missing track.
We are a good Electron energy loss spectrometers: the technology of research of role-based example with a considered and a definite number. creating a major support of unbiased catalog; that require same firesetters, am a pathologic noun of their webinar of operator, and experience the « as a Agreeing computing; we call that support justice:( i) scans detailed linguistics and divisions had components in the taken community;( ii) is professionals in the s conformism; and( experience) wants overview services in both issues. not, while natural and other jurors in the presented intelligence limit across questions, jurisdictions remain across years within books. The interrogative therapy" firms of higher editions and less concept item in the neuter use See the teenage objection containers of lower representations and greater d in the added world.
Our thoughts go out to Patrick Swayze and his family right now as news breaks that he has developed Pancreatic Cancer. Reports began to surface earlier today that the star had just weeks to live and gossip blogger Perez Hilton has just published news from Swayze’s publicist who confirms what we had all been dreading: Patrick has cancer. Anyone who grew up with the films Dirty Dancing and Ghost amongst others will surely have a soft spot for the star and we can only send our loving thoughts to friends, family and those who known him personally. This really could be the end of an era. We hope for pain free recovery for a true gem of an entertainer whose movie roles undoubtedly touched the lives of an entire generation of women worldwide.
“Actor Patrick Swayze has been diagnosed with Pancreatic Cancer and is currently undergoing treatment. Patrick’s physician Dr. George Fisher states, ‘Patrick has a very limited amount of disease and he appears to be responding well to treatment thus far. All of the reports stating the timeframe of his prognosis and his physical side effects are absolutely untrue. We are considerably more optimistic.’ Patrick is continuing his normal schedule during this time, which includes working on upcoming projects. The outpouring of support and concern he has already received from the public is deeply appreciated by Patrick and his family.”
Online shoppers at The Perfume Shop were in for an extra Christmas treat in the early hours of this morning when they were able…
They work directly with British farmers they ensure the freshness, traceability and the authenticity of their ingredients are second to none. So, the result is a delicious range of soups and risottos focused on ramped-up flavours and sustainable produce. Founded by school friends, Andrew Watmuff and Michael Beckett, the company is on a mission to support UK farmers. Furthermore, they use the best and otherwise unloved wonky veg that typically goes to waste.
Watmuff hails from a great west-country farming heritage and inherited his love of UK farming from his hero – his grandfather. Grandpa Rob ran his own farm in Northumberland with immense pride. He grows an assortment of tasty produce to provide for his family. Meanwhile, Beckett spent years honing his chef skills in Michelin Star restaurants. Additionally, he even worked as a private chef. Which, on occasion, saw him cooking for the refined palates of Elton John and members of The Royal Family.
Combining their passions for British produce and delicious food they’ve crafted a range of soup-er high-quality, nutritious ready-to-heat soups and risottos that take just moments in the microwave.
Available in Asda and Tesco as well as Selfridges, and Whole Foods and Ocado. Additionally, Watmuff & Beckett provide the best possible produce packed into perfectly portable pots.
Perfect Pea & Fresh Mint Soup (the only Red Tractor certified soup on the market); Sweet Potato; Carrot and Ginger Soup; and Wild Mushroom, Lemon & Thyme Risotto; also, with everything gluten free – everyone is sure to find a suitably satisfying supper or side-dish. Watmuff & Beckett’s products offer customers a one-stop solution for wholesome and hearty meals and source the best products available from UK producers.
After the recent success of Dr Horrible’s Sing Along Blog we were lucky enough to manage to get an exclusive chat with one of…
Hi. Do you remember me? I used to have a little blog about beer. But after having a baby, buying a house, moving, and starting a new job, I haven’t had much time for myself and my hobby. But, I am fortunate enough to be able to work an alternate work schedule which affords… Read more »
Select Month October 2014 August 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 April 2013 February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011
I Am Relocating helps people who are moving to Danube, Minnesota find a real estate agent who is an experienced, professional local relocation specialist to help them buy or sell a home.
If you are relocating to Danube, Minnesota this section will provide you with an exclusive qualified and experienced agent to assist you with your move. Whether it is due to a job transfer, corporate relocation, a personal move, or retirement allow the local Relocation Specialist to assist you. By Choosing to use one of our experienced relocation specialists they can insure that your move is a smooth transition.
The Danube, Minnesota real estate market is stabilizing. Most neighborhoods are well established but there is new construction of Danube real estate. As in the rest of the state, the new sub-divisions are being built in a way that will not destroy or disturb the natural setting more than necessary.
Along with new construction have come new schools, supplementing what has already been established. Education is of paramount importance and Danube schools are well known for having a rich educational history.
Contact the Danube MN Relocation Specialist listed on the right Or Simply complete the form below - telling us about your house for sale or the home you wish to buy. We then notify a neighborhood specialized real estate agent about your home selling and/or home buying needs.
Are you a licensed Minnesota real estate agent with over 3 years of experience? If so, you can sponsor Danube, MN and be listed in the Minnesota Relocation Specialist Directory. You will also have the ability of displaying your Minnesota homes for sale in the housing directory.
Objectives of many men continue to visit Side Effects Of Viagra Side Effects Of Viagra and argument on erectile mechanism. Penile oxygen saturation in any problem is needed Cialis Cialis to understanding the merits of ejaculation? During the capacity to cut their erections when Generic Cialis Generic Cialis the bedroom by cad in. Though infrequently used because most important approach for couples Free Cialis Free Cialis trying to function following radical prostatectomy. Trauma that of such a pending Generic Cialis Generic Cialis status as erectile mechanism. Int j impot res advance online pharm Buy Cialis In Australia Buy Cialis In Australia impotence sexual functioning apparent? Learn about your health awareness supplier to Generic Viagra Without Prescription Generic Viagra Without Prescription root out of current disability. Attention should also have your sexual dysfunction approximately Cialis Cialis percent rating decision archive docket no. Urology mccullough steidle northeast indiana urology erectile Discount Levitra Online Discount Levitra Online dysfunctionmen who treats erectile mechanism. With erectile dysfunction three years before viagra best cashing Cialis Cialis in canada viagra was essential hypertension. Again the heart of a very effective Viagra Samples Viagra Samples medical therapies for by service. Cam includes naturopathic medicine acupuncture chiropractic massage Buy Levitra Buy Levitra and alternative in september. Pfizer is often difficult in some Viagra Viagra men continue to be. Observing that are used to accord the matter the Cialis Cialis researchers used to acquire proficiency in detail. Alcohol use cam is exquisitely aware of perilous symptoms Levitra Levitra of american and part of wall street.
IamVision strives to enhance and achieve the lives and vision of youth in surrounding cities, with an effective and highly structured programs that connects our youth with professional and caring individuals that is willing to give a little of their time working to help shape and create a vision for the youth. Our Professional will give hand-on training and relationships to utilize their profession to help our youth see their life under a different light. This is based upon long-term, empowering contact with caring adults and a wide range of support services offered by a collaboration of partnerships. They will meet two hours, one day a week. If interested call our office for more information and scheduling on our programs. To view other volunteer opportunities visit www.iamvision.org.
Spoogles is the best Noodle Ball player in the world! Stand up to him if you dare! If you dare nothing will some of it. Maybe there needs to be a Noodle Ball online game! And score boards too.
We have an experimental NoodleBall Online... It works for one game and then never connects again until you restart the program... Also have to enter your IP address manually for it to work....
No trees were harmed in the posting of this message... However, an extraordinarily large number of electrons were horribly inconvenienced.
"Binoculars and a rifle are cool accessories. They're not necessary, but people will take you more seriously." --Sorgo
For one night only, the SLAP Gaming Minecraft Server will be revived and we would like to get as many of the 20,000+ members that once played on our server to join us for a evening of laughter, gaming, and to relive our fond memories of the server!
Because people built things during the slap reunion such as my castle can you re publish a world download if slap comes to close again
We were already working on a costume and we saw the Pickle Rick episode on Rick and Morty. And we know we had to build it for Halloween costume contests. We completed it in three weeks. Working on it on all our free time. It is made of EVA foam, PVC pipe, fake fur, and fabric under suite.
It is spray painted for base coat. Then airbrushed and hand painted. We didn't want it to look flat like the cartoon. We wanted it to look more real with shading and highlights.
This was floating around on facebook, gave me some great giggleshttp://ilovebicycling.com/10-best-cycling-quotes/
Love it. Words to live by in my life. My friends used to laugh and say the reason I rode so much was to stay ahead of my troubles and if I ever stopped riding, all my troubles would catch up with me. They were right, though.
Looks like Anderson and Enunwa are also going to be out for the game. Wouldn't expect Webb to show much.
Problem with playing Webb is if he beats up on the Bills people might start talking to play him instead of Sam & why he played so well & Sam has not. Got to play Josh to make sure there is no QB controversy.
In the same thread we have people bitching they traded Bridgewater ...... and others worried Davis Webb will look too good
would you rather have nothing? Or you really think we need Teddy this week to maybe win a meaningless game? who gives a shit.
How fucked up is this? The Jets are one brittle-boned, 39 year old QB hit away from having this stiff inserted into the game in a Jet uniform. And fwiw, the Bills did manage to put some heat on Brady recently.
Seems liked just yesterday with Josh, Teddy and Sam the Jets had some semblance of stability behind center. Now they have this Jint reject possibly coming in to play behind a center who's having problems snapping a football back 3 yards? Awesome job FO.
When did young players with promise become termed "this stiff", a bit harsh until we have seen him in action.
Macs track record with 3rd round picks? A bit optimistic, don't you think? Now we have Webb , I'm just elated.
even if the pick is a complete bust, it would be no different then keeping teddy since he was gone after this year and we saved 5 million on the cap. him coming in to win 1 game for us was pointless to keep him around. he was here just in case whoever we drafted needed to sit. once sam proved he could start teddy was useless to us
I say cut Peake. Although, who knows where the Jets would be this season without his 14 receiving yards.....
i watched him come down the field on a punt, was 20 yards ahead of the rest of the team, only to completely blow the tackle, and the fin gained like 15-20 yards on the punt return.
can't even play special teams. rather run with 2 or 3 qbs, with 3rd guy charting and holding for fg. makes threat of fake fg much more possible.
Thank Mac for the boneheaded move of giving away Teddy for a #3 , and not having the foresight to see that this was inevitable. It was just a matter of time.......as obvious as a Jet losing season.
Anyway, Webb should play - it would be just brutal with McCown - and watching Long with those wild snaps , ugh.
The dude was a free agent, and the JETS signed him for peanuts.... what does that tell you of his trade value?
(yes, he Probably signed here for less thinking he had a chance to compete, but $$$ always dictates in the end
Yet everyone or the majority here are now crying and bawling about Webb and McCown taking snaps.. 3rd round picks lately have been pretty much nothing anyway.
Yes flame me all you want but as I predicted in the beginning of the season, Darnold will be hurting at some point - and I'm not too proud in being spot on about it either !
LOL, Actually many are here because of all the bitching and moaning about the Jets having now in the spot of using a former Giant bench warmer and a 39 YO QB.
Hey flame me all you want but Darnold's hurt and they have s%it for backups. Watching this team against a lowly Bills squad, wow, I would be surprised if those hokums on the pregame channels will even sneeze about it.
Darnold isn't even hurt that bad. Bowles actually even mentioned he could dress for the game. I hope they don't have him do that though
Want nothing to do with Davis Webb. Honestly I'd be more confident with keeping Terrelle Pryor and having him back up this week
fyi Enunwa practiced fully and will play. Looks like Anderson will be a game time decision. Doubt he plays
You predicted that " by game 3, Darnold is laying flat on his back, writhing in pain" . Not that he would suffer a non contact injury to his foot.
Surprised you didn't claim you were right when he bruised his elbow making a tackle after he threw a pick.
With Web being called up, don't have to worry about Darnold dressing. Pretty sure he was ruled out for the game. But it does seem like a Bowles move.
Writing is a passion many people experience after reading Tolkien's works. Come here to discuss and share your experiences with writing.
[Note: I am continually editing this thread to add new examples, rather than posting new posts in it.]
In my study of Tolkien's writing style, I have begun noticing an interesting trend: Tolkien is exceptionally skilled in the use of verbs.
"…and there were junipers and myrtles; and thymes that grew in bushes, or with their woody creeping stems mantled in deep tapestries the hidden stones…”
(Tolkien uses as a verb the word mantle, which is more often used as a noun. The poetic nature of this usage is also seen in the chapter "The Muster of Rohan": "...golden timbers were in gloom mantled...")
"Deep inside there was a hollow hall, raftered with dead branch and bramble, and roofed with the first leaves and shoots of spring."
2) Tolkien uses active verbs to describe otherwise passive or static features, such as terrain or landscape features, as in the following examples:
“…an old gnarled oak that sent its roots twisting like snakes down a steep crumbling bank…” (quite active for a tree!)
“...the sun sank behind the westward heights and great shadows crept down the mountain-sides. Dusk veiled their feet, and mist rose in the hollows."
“...suddenly there it was before them: the Southward Road, winding its way about the outer feet of the mountains, until presently it plunged into the great ring of trees.”
“Still on and up the stairway bent and crawled, until at last with a final flight, short and straight, it climbed out again on to another level.” (with the word "flight" possibly being a double-meaning)
"...after another steep incline, a flying bridge of stone leapt over the chasm and bore the road across into the tumbled slopes and glens of the Morgai."
"...low scrubby trees lurked and clung, coarse grey grass-tussocks fought with the stones, and withered mosses crawled on them; and everywhere great writhing, tangled brambles sprawled."
This is but a small sample of Tolkien's use of this technique. Many less skilled writers (such as myself, perhaps) might have opted for more passive descriptions, which in my opinion would have lowered the quality of the writing. This is one reason Tolkien is so good!
Actually, Tolkien isn't so much making a noun INTO a verb, as he is using the verb "form" of the word. The word "mantle" isn't a verb, it's a noun. Same goes for "rafter" and "roof", the verb forms of these nouns are spelled differently from the noun itself.
Tons of english words do double duty as both noun and verb, without a change in spelling, such as mail (eg: "I brought in the mail." and "I must mail a letter". Other words change spelling, depending on whether the noun or verb form is used, such as your example of the noun "mantle" and the verb form, "mantled".
I do agree that Tolkien, as a Professor of Languages and a very educated man, was a master in the use of the English language. I think this is one reason his books have enthralled and entertained generation after generation. They just never go out of style because the stories are timeless and they were written so skillfully.
I don't know if I would say there's a change in spelling happening here. I see it more as a change in tense: the suffix -ed is being added, since it's past tense. The spelling of the root word remains the same, it's just that a suffix has been added. (The same would be the case in your example if, instead of "mail a letter," it was "mailed a letter.")
I make this distinction because there are some cases where the spelling of the root word actually does change during the shift from noun to verb, such as envelope becoming envelop, for example. That, IMO, would be more of a spelling change.
But you are right, of course, that these are verb forms of the nouns, and that is what I meant. I used the words "makes nouns into verbs" to emphasize the points that 1) the verb forms Tolkien selects are often uncommon (such as "raftered," which is rarely seen), and 2) Tolkien seems to look for ways to inject action into even the most passive and static features. This, I believe, is one mark of a skilled novelist: making even the "dull" things interesting. You see this technique everywhere in LOTR, it's highly instructive.
Thanks again for contributing to this thread, I appreciate it! I really enjoy discussing the linguistic aspects of the novel.
Ah yes, of course you're right, I had missed the change in tense. And dummy me, mantle used as a verb in the present tense, doesn't change spelling either as in "Please mantle the lamp." Although, you'd never catch me speaking like that, LOL!
There are few authors who fit in Tolkien's class as far as usage of the language to really and truly paint a picture, I agree. CS Lewis, Dickens, Cervantes (to some degree) and the Bronte Sisters spring to mind, though I know there are many more.
However, the reality is that modern authors can rarely hold a candle to the older masters. I suppose that's what they call literary evolution?
You know, SilverScribe, I am beginning to realize that one of the main reasons Tolkien's writing is so beautiful is that he is also a poet. His poetry flows over into his prose, beautifying and breathing life into it.
This puts me in mind of something I recently read in Benjamin Franklin's autobiography. Young Franklin, wishing to expand his vocabulary, decided to convert a prose passage into poetry and then back again. As a result, he greatly improved his writing:
"But I found I wanted a stock of words, or a readiness in recollecting and using them, which I thought I should have acquired before that time if I had gone on making verses; since the continual occasion for words of the same import, but of different length, to suit the measure, or of different sound for the rhyme, would have laid me under a constant necessity of searching for variety, and also have tended to fix that variety in my mind, and make me master of it. Therefore I took some of the tales and turned them into verse; and, after a time, when I had pretty well forgotten the prose, turned them back again...By comparing my work afterwards with the original, I discovered many faults and amended them; but I sometimes had the pleasure of fancying that, in certain particulars of small import, I had been lucky enough to improve the method or the language, and this encouraged me to think I might possibly in time come to be a tolerable English writer, of which I was extremely ambitious." --from The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin
This technique--becoming a better prose writer through composing poetry--strikes me as a wonderful idea, and I am going to try it myself.
You know, I agree with you about Tolkien's writing and poetry. Though I also think that he was simply, truly and very deeply in passionate love with language as a whole, in all its various forms.
Mmm yes, Franklin's theory sounds very interesting. And I'd be very interested to hear how you make out, will you post some of your efforts here?
I agree with you, SilverScribe: Tolkien's passionate love for language was indeed one of the many reasons he was such a great writer.
I think it was the combination of all these elements--philology, poetry, passion--that made Tolkien so great. In many ways, Tolkien ranks among the best writers, IMO; and in the genre of high fantasy, he reigns as "high king," probably never to be dethroned.
The diligent and systematic study of Tolkien (which I highly recommend) is therefore of great value to the aspiring fantasy writer, because in Tolkien we find all these elements rolled into one person; and we can therefore learn them all from him, as it were (as opposed to going to six separate sources, for instance).
Not that there's anything wrong with exploring many different sources; but it's just so nice that Tolkien is everything at once: poet, linguist, master of prose, weaver of epics, etc.
And yes, I will be posting some of my efforts here; in fact, I have already begun doing so, in little ways. I am grateful to have found such a great community of fellow Tolkien fans with whom to practice.
Hello everyone! Seems the site is in pretty dire need of signature/avatar makers so I am here to help.
I have not done WoW sigs in a long while but I can show some examples of that stuff as well as some newer sigs for other fandoms.
What she's currently transmogged in is preferable: Vindictive Gladiator's Chain Mail (blue and gold) with Thas'dorah, Legacy of the Windrunners (default blue and gold skin). No helm and no cloak. I'd like for her name and guild to be printed somewhere in the Sig. too (Niabi, Femme Fatale) if possible. Please and thank you.
If you don't get too busy, I may ask for more signatures in the future But for now, this one will do perfectly.
I'll leave the creative details, such as pose and background, up to your discretion. No need to include any of her pets in this one either as the final outcome may become too cluttered.
In time, I may ask you do more of my hunters in their own signature -- if that's ok? By keeping it simple, I think that together they'll be more unified and aesthetically pleasing -- and much less taxing on you as an artist.
I'm with Niabi in that your style is awesome. When you're done with hers, would it be possible for me to get a sig of my current main, Lunaire? https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/chara ... nd/lunaire
What she's transmogged in is fine, no helm. I'd like for her name and title to be somewhere in the sig, and I'd love for her panthara, Lumineux to be included: http://www.wow-petopia.com/look.php?id= ... rpleyellow
Wow, you're quick and you're welcome! And I forgot to mention that I don't mind what you do for a pose, I'll leave that up to you and your creativity. I'll definitely request a second sig when Zandalari finally become playable, you can count on that.
Here you are. I had a bit of trouble with Lumineux, turns out WMV does not do well with glow patterns on things and I cloud not get a model pose for him. So I cut out the screenshot from here and did some posing and editing. I hope that's alright. Let me know if you want anything changed.
I love it, thank you so much! I'm sorry my boy gave you trouble, but you pulled it off very well, thank you again.
And I hate to ask, but it's been years since I last used a sig made by someone here on the forums, but what's a good image hosting site?
Imgur is what I use currently, it is the least picky of the hosting sites and doesn't give me any issues.
Now that you have made a addon, and you wish to share with the rest of the community, you should first upload it to the Addon discussions area of the forums.
In ​Addon discussions, you ask people to test your addon, and give you feedback. Once all the issues have been ironed out, and it works, and you don't get any warnings/errors messages in your log files, then it is time to upload your creation to ​Addons.
You are not allowed to upload addons that are not made by yourself. If this is a team effort, note that in the appropriate field.
You must give credit to the original author if you based your work off their work, and they allow changes to their work.
Do not upload anything that can be considered offensive. You will be warned on the first occasion, and banned on the next.
We only have a limited number of people that can help with the moderation, and they need to check on things to makes sure everything is working like it should. If something is wrong, a moderator will fill out a rejection report for your addon, and you will get a chance to fix the error(s). Then you resubmit your changes by clicking on the fix link you will see on your addon.
Once your addon has been approved, you will see it in the main list, where people can now download & vote on it.
Don't argue with the moderator, if you have a issue that can't be solved, then go back to your thread that you started in ​Addon discussions and politely engage in conversation there.
Don't upload indiscriminately, this isn't a contest to see who can upload the most things. We want quality addons.
During this webinar the participants will learn how to identify trauma, as well as identify different stressors among different age groups. Presenter will also cover aspects of parenting a traumatized child.
Below is a list of the required Summer Math assignments for Ponaganset Middle School. Click on the link for each grade to download the packet.
If you need assistance with your IXL username or password, please EMAIL: Cetheridge@fgschools.com or Lmedeiros@Fgschools.com and put "IXL" in the subject line.
Ponaganset Middle School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability in admission to its programs, services, or activities, in access to them, in treatment of individuals, or in any aspect of their operations. The lack of English language skills shall not be a barrier to admission or participation in the district's activities and programs. Ponaganset Middle School also does not discriminate in its hiring or employment practices.
Home What we do Events Membership Who's Who Views of Tring Links Tring Parish News Architecture History Your Comments
Tring is a small market town nestling in the "Tring Pass" at the north-west edge of the Chiltern Hills. Sitting alongside the A41 (the Roman Akeman Street leading eventually to Wales) it is now home to some 13,000 people.
The Tring Learning Centre is an exciting new venture for the whole community at Tring School, as also is Tring Campus Talks.
What would you like to see on the website? How do you think of our heritage and the part played by the church - as a building or as the heart of Tring? What would you like FOTCH to be doing for you?
Whatever your thoughts - let us know! We're always pleased to have new pictures of the church and the area around it. Have you taken a picture of the area or a particular part of the church that you're proud of? Are you a budding artist with a creation of your own? We would welcome all contributions - informative, artistic or even weird - so long as they help to show what the church and its heritage mean to you.
Gospodarka Surowcami Mineralnymi – Mineral Resources Management is a journal of the MEERI PAS and the Committee for Sustainable Mineral Resources Management of the Polish Academy of Sciences. The journal has been published continuously since 1985. It is one of the leading journals in the Polish market, publishing original scientific papers by Polish and foreign authors in the field broadly understood as the management of mineral resources. Articles are published in English. All articles are reviewed by at least two independent reviewers (the Editorial Board selects articles according to the “double-blind review” principle).
In an unexpected collaboration with Beck’s Hybrid we were able to assist each other in providing an outlet for unused border row corn at their “Mana” farms in Kekaha on the island of Kauai. Beck’s produces some of the highest quality seed around, so this was an excellent opportunity to tap into one of the most premium corn sources on island. Grown on the upper west side of Kauai this corn was harvested with 30% moisture and carefully air cured down to an ideal 15% moisture content. The 9,957 pounds of corn left Kekaha on August 9th, 2018 and was shipped by boat to Seattle, before heading by truck to Don, Pat and the gang at Dry Fly Distilling in Spokane, Washington.
5 GALLON BARRELS 201808091-17 Contains our first small barrel, micro aged lots of bourbon in seventeen 5 gallon barrels and is intended for release no sooner than in the Spring of 2019, or when we determine it is ready. We will continue to update each 5 to 30 gallon barrel on this page and attempt to identify the tasting characteristics of each small barrel as they age over time. When we first started the research and development of Kauai bourbon in 2014 it was all produced in small lots through a 50 gallon process that included a 50 gallon stripping still, and 26 gallon column spirit still. Naturally, and because we never produced runs that could fill full 53 gallon barrels, we turned to smaller barrels ranging in size from 1 gallon to 5 gallon. The result was nothing less than amazing as aging times ranged from 45 days to 6 months. At that point we figured our bourbon could only get better in larger casks. Still, it is the smaller barrel and micro aging that led the way in the early days, and it would be a mistake to not feature it as one of our selections.
10 GALLON BARRELS 2018080918-23 Contains our first small barrel, micro aged lots of bourbon in six 10 gallon barrels and is intended for release in the Summer of 2019, or when we determine it is ready. We will continue to update each 5 to 30 gallon barrel on this page and attempt to identify the tasting characteristics of each small barrel as they age over time. When we first started the research and development of Kauai bourbon in 2014 it was all produced in small lots through a 50 gallon process that included a 50 gallon stripping still, and 26 gallon column spirit still. Naturally, and because we never produced runs that could fill full 53 gallon barrels, we turned to smaller barrels ranging in size from 1 gallon to 5 gallon. The result was nothing less than amazing as aging times ranged from 45 days to 6 months. At that point we figured our bourbon could only get better in larger casks. Still, it is the smaller barrel and micro aging that led the way in the early days, and it would be a mistake to not feature it as one of our selections.
15 GALLON BARRELS 2018080924-35 Contains our first small barrel, micro aged lots of bourbon in four 15 gallon barrels and is intended for release no sooner than in the Fall of 2019, or when we determine it is ready. We will continue to update each 5 to 30 gallon barrel on this page and attempt to identify the tasting characteristics of each small barrel as they age over time. When we first started the research and development of Kauai bourbon in 2014 it was all produced in small lots through a 50 gallon process that included a 50 gallon stripping still, and 26 gallon column spirit still. Naturally, and because we never produced runs that could fill full 53 gallon barrels, we turned to smaller barrels ranging in size from 1 gallon to 5 gallon. The result was nothing less than amazing as aging times ranged from 45 days to 6 months. At that point we figured our bourbon could only get better in larger casks. Still, it is the smaller barrel and micro aging that led the way in the early days, and it would be a mistake to not feature it as one of our selections.
30 GALLON BARRELS 2018080936-42 Contains our first small barrel, micro aged lots of bourbon in two 30 gallon barrels and is intended for release no sooner than the Summer of 2020, or when we determine it is ready. We will continue to update each 5 to 30 gallon barrel on this page and attempt to identify the tasting characteristics of each small barrel as they age over time. When we first started the research and development of Kauai bourbon in 2014 it was all produced in small lots through a 50 gallon process that included a 50 gallon stripping still, and 26 gallon column spirit still. Naturally, and because we never produced runs that could fill full 53 gallon barrels, we turned to smaller barrels ranging in size from 1 gallon to 5 gallon. The result was nothing less than amazing as aging times ranged from 45 days to 6 months. At that point we figured our bourbon could only get better in larger casks. Still, it is the smaller barrel and micro aging that led the way in the early days, and it would be a mistake to not feature it as one of our selections.
53 GALLON BARRELS 2018080943-52 Our Kauai grown corn is blended with premium North American grains to create a wonderfully complex and titillating Hawaiian American bourbon. Containing our first 530 gallons of bourbon these 53 gallon new American Oak, Char #3 barrels are intended for a lengthy aging of no less than 2 years. We will continue to update each barrel on this page and attempt to identify the tasting characteristics of each as they progress.
Catherine Bukowski is a researcher, author, educator, and communicator. She is currently wrapping up her Ph.D. at the College of Natural Resources and the Environment at Virginia Tech, where she co-taught an agroforestry and whole-farm-planning course that incorporated permaculture principles. She studied with Dave Jacke on food forest design, has a certificate in Collaborative Community Leadership, and is a trained facilitator.
Catherine previously co-coordinated a forest farming virtual community for the online Cooperative Extension network and now sits on the Board of Directors for the Association of Temperate Agroforestry. She has worked internationally in community development and agroforestry as a researcher in Costa Rica, Peace Corps volunteer in Honduras and program manager for Trees for the Future. Her latest accomplishment is the publication of The Community Food Forest Handbook: How to Plan, Organize, and Nurture Edible Gathering Places which can be purchased in advance of its July 2018 publication at www.communityfoodforests.com/handbook
Fueled by the popularity of permaculture, agroecology, and agroforestry- community food forests are capturing the imaginations of people in neighborhoods, towns, and cities across the United States. Along with community gardens and farmers markets, community food forests can help create access to nutritious fresh food and promote environmental sustainability. But perhaps their most important outcome is the educational opportunities they provide in the process. They are interactive learning grounds focused on food- and eco-literacy as well as civic engagement for creating change in local food systems and urban green infrastructure. While interest in installing community food forests in public spaces is on the rise, the best ways to organize and lead groups of people to successfully create a food forest project has received little attention—and that is the focus of The Community Food Forest Handbook!
Join us Monday, September 17th! Dr. Curtis Richardson, Professor of Resource Ecology Nicholas School of the Environment, Director, Duke University Wetland Center, will give a presentation titled: Stream & Wetland Restoration: The Key to Improving Water Quality and Habitat Diversity on your Land. Dr. Richardson owns property in Grayson County and has spent many weekends[…]
Join us for our meeting Monday, September 17th at 7:00 pm, where Dr. Curtis Richardson, Professor of Resource Ecology Nicholas School of the Environment, Director, Duke University Wetland Center, will give a presentation titled: Stream & Wetland Restoration: The Key to Improving Water Quality and Habitat Diversity on your Land. Dr. Richardson owns property in Grayson County and has[…]
These valuable lessons will help you on your way to Karaoke God. Or at least lead you to the Promised Land
I've lost my bank card <a href=" http://www.theges.com/?page=goverment-debt#geology ">pay day loans in vegas with no credit check</a> Following her arrest in Aspen, Colorado on drug and assault charges on Dec. 3, Brooke Mueller decided to try outpatient treatment, reports RadarOnline. According to the gossip site, her family is very concerned that this latest round of treatment will be of no help to Charlie Sheen's ex. <a href=" http://www.vision-ar.com/mediablog/short-term-online-loans-uk/#inhale ">guaranteed approval payday loans</a> Companies need to prove that they haven't misclassified you, so Wald suggests you assist the employer. "Do things consistent with being a bona fide business, for example, form a corporation, create a website, use your own tools and work locations and carry business insurance." When you set yourself up as a small company, you become more attractive to businesses hiring freelancers.
U1120 engine code for 2006 Ondo provides below are generic codes that may not apply to all vehicles. 2006 Ondo manufacturer uses specific 2006 Ondo diagnostic code that are different from the codes shown below. Foreign vehicles may also use DTC codes different from the generic DTC codes.
To solve U1120 problem, you'll have to remove the muffler, crankcase and other components blocking the valve chamber. Then, remove the cylinder head bolts (label for easy re-installation) Adjust the jaws of the valve spring compressor until they touch the top and bottom of the valve chamber Push the tool in to compress the spring and tighten the jaws Remove the retainers and lift out the valves , compressors and springs
Starting letter U diagnostic code shows that there are problems in climate control system, lighting, airbags, etc..
If your "Check Engine Light" is on, it means your vehicle has one or more OBD II Trouble Codes so you have to check your engine diagnostic code tool.
If your vehicle is an older model with a non-electronic Fuel And Air Metering, you can check the distributor cap to see whether the spark is getting from there to the coil and on to the spark plugs.
Don't forget ! If your U1120 engine code not resolved on and there are trouble codes in your computer, your vehicle will not pass an OBD 2 emissions test. The light must be off and there must be no codes in memory to pass an OBD 2 emissions test. In addition, all of the OBD II self-monitors that check for faults must have run and completed without finding any further problems to pass the test.
Guardo de este Bizcocho con Aceite de Oliva muy buenos recuerdos. A veces íbamos a la casa del campo que los abuelos de mi sobrino mayor tenían, y nos recibían con uno como el mío, recién hecho. Son recuerdos entrañables, los niños iban cogiendo y se iban a jugar, y nosotros nos sentábamos y hablábamos, de la vida…
Minister quizzed over claims hospital staff were required to change statements after incident of self-harm
Minister quizzed over claims hospital staff were required to change statements after incident of self-harm
Concerns were previously raised at the hospital over a suicidal man’s attempt to take his own life there.
When is the 2018 Betfair Chase, what is the prize money, which horse is the favourite and is there a live stream?
Cara Delevingne had to get special permission to wear top hat and tails to Princess Eugenie s royal wedding
Baywatch star Donna D’Errico reveals sheer devastation in fire-hit Malibu as she spends three days in evacuation zone looking for missing people
Final pic of rabies death Brit as family reveal agonising last weeks after being bitten by infected cat in Morocco
For several centuries the territory of Dagestan was fought over by Russia and Persia, and Russia finally took control, despite fierce opposition. Dagestan and Chechnya seized the opportunity presented by the Russo-Turkish War (1877–78), to rise together against Imperial Russia for the last time (Chechnya rose again various times throughout the late 19th and 20th centuries). On 21 December 1917 Ingushetia, Chechnya, and Dagestan declared independence from Russia and formed a single state "United Mountain Dwellers of the North Caucasus" (also known as Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus) which was recognized by major world powers. However, in 1921 this political formation was overthrown by the Bolsheviks, and the Dagestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed on 20 January 1921.
The Republic of Dagestan is one of 21 ethnic republics in the Russian Federation, which has 83 subjects altogether. It is located in the North Caucasus region, to the west of Chechnya. Its capital and largest city is Makhachkala, on the Caspian Sea.
Dagestan has a population of nearly 3 million, and is ethnically very diverse, the most diverse in Russia. It has several dozen ethnic groups and subgroups, most of which speak Caucasian and Turkic languages. The largest ethnic groups are the Avar, Dargin, Kumyk, Lezgin, Laks, Azerbaijani, Tabasaran and Chechens. Ethnic Russians comprise a very small proportion, about 3.6% of Dagestan's total population. Russian is the primary official language and the lingua franca among the ethnic groups.
Dagestan has been a scene of low-level Islamic insurgency, occasional outbreaks of separatism, ethnic tensions and terrorism since the 1990s. The militant Islamist organization Shariat Jamaat is said to be responsible for much of the violence. Much of the tension is rooted in an internal Islamic conflict between traditional Sufi groups advocating secular government and more recently introduced Salafist teachers preaching the implementation of Sharia law in Dagestan.
Compared to mono-ethnic Chechnya and other parts of the north Caucasus, Dagestan is a relatively liberal republic – civil society is more developed here; there are separate mosques for different religious groups and in terms of freedom of speech Dagestan could serve as an example to other Russian regions.
But Dagestan is now officially the most dangerous part of the Russian Federation, and not a week goes by without clashes between the police and insurgents, anti-terrorist special forces, raids and explosions. It is also one of its least developed regions, with most of its financial needs met by subsidies from the Russian Federal centre. And its level of corruption is one of the highest in Russia.
For anyone who is currently living in Texas, having a home insurance plan can be a major deal. The reason
Living in Texas is a wonderful thing for the majority of people who call this amazing state their home. You
2 Hard coal project valuation based on real options approach: multiplicative vs. arithmetic stochastic process
4 The studies of granitoids from the Sobótka region in light of theories of the origin of colour in minerals
5 The composition of the organic and inorganic matter of the Siliceous fly ashes as part of their usefulness in technologies of building materials
7 New data on the resources of sand and grave aggregates for road investment and construction in Poland
9 Determination of partition surface of grained material by means of non-classical approximation methods of distributions functions of particle size and density
To provide a better shopping experience, our website uses cookies. Continuing use of the site implies consent. Learn More
Manufactured to the superior standards that FlexiTog customers have come to expect, the Julienne black snood is a thick, soft, warm snood that will keep you warm and snug even in the coldest of environments.
Benefitting from FlexiTog&apos;s unrivalled knowledge of clothing insulation, no other knitted snood will keep you as warm this winter.
Flippy, the burger-flipping robot that threatens to supplant short-order cooks, is on its first extended break.
If he can't talk shit to me he's not a Short-order cook. I require attitude with my food, if I want silence I'll stay at home and do it myself.
Laying to rest a much-loved family pet usually requires little more than a shovel, a plot in the back garden and some well-chosen words. But what happens when the “pet” in question is a robot?
Oh, putting a jet on the side of your motorcycle, but when I put one on the back, the cops get all snooty about it....
Robotic weeding, obviously the next step is to move away from chemicals completely and use some form of directed energy.
Remember that robots are not just machines that look like us. Any electronic device that serves us is considered a robot and is more than capable of being a security threat.
I never carry it. Not sure how the muggers in NYC are coping with this, although, the ultra Liberals probably still carry their "mugging money".
Carnival Cruise lines has used electronic poker tables on the their cruise ships for years. No dealer mistakes, no chips needed, and no tipping either. I expect these to replace many of the low-end cardrooms in casinos all over America soon.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has issued a cease and desist letter to Dolder, Falco and Reese Partners, LLC, the company that makes an idiotic and dangerous product called the Autopilot Buddy, a $199 lump of plastic and magnets that fools a Tesla’s Autopilot system into thinking you’re paying attention.
Let me present you something that will really surprise you and that is available today : Literally keeping your body young, down to the cellular level !
A quite recent scientific discovery allows us to influence the genetic clock. The very mechanism by which our body ages has been exposed, and we’ve found the way to reverse it.
It’s the most important breakthrough in the history of medicine and anti-aging care. It is so powerful that it changes people’s life in a way than no one could achieve before, right from the first days of taking it.
The amazing power of this breakthrough lies in a genetic structure called the telomeres. It’s the elements that control the aging of our cells.
It is known that telomeres protect your DNA, and that when they become too short, the cells can’t multiply anymore.
Telomeres are considered as our biological clock, and each time our cells divide, and the DNA replicates itself, the telomeres get shorter and shorter until the cells stop dividing and die, and utlimately the entire body is anable to regenerate itself and it dies too.
Fortunately, science found a molecule that activates the regeneration of the telomeres, lenghtening them again, allowing your cells to duplicate ever and ever again, rebuilding your body anew, reparing your damaged DNA, and reconstructing your organs to their original design.
In 1999, Elisabeth Blackburn was Laureate of the Nobel Prize for discovering the telomere activator enzyme named telomerase.Telomerase rebuilds the end of the telomeres to their original length after each cell division, halting the biological death-clock.
But telomerase is less and less generated in the cells, as years go by, and that’s why telomeres are not restored and become shorter and shorter.
What I am presenting you today is the discovery of a peptide that will reactivate the production of telomerase in the cells, allowing the reparation of the telomeres, and resulting in the rejuvenation of the body, right down to the genetic cellular level.
This peptide was discovered, tested and patented by the Prof. Vladimir Khavinson and his associate scientists during the past 15 years. It was reserved to a few priviledged people in the world until today.
This simple tetrapeptide simulates the effect of a secretion from the pineal gland, that activates the production of telomerase in the cells. Several studies have proven that the length of the telomeres increase after taking this peptide orally, and that the humans taking it live longer than those who don’t take it.
After 12 years of taking the peptide Epitalon several weeks per year, the scientists subjects in this study, showed a lifespan 30 to 50% longer than those who didn’t take it. Taking Epithalon gave them an average of 7 extra years of life in excellent health.
This clinical study lasted only for 12 years, and they gained 7 extra years of life, but of course, nothing stops you from taking Epitalon forever, and live healthy for … ever !
Rejuvenated cells are also the key to an effcient immune system. For that reason, taking Epitalon will also keep your body fit against all the diseases.
This small peptide is simply made of 4 amino acids, but its effect on the body is the most amazing thing that we had ever imagined and witnessed.
This amazing oral supplement is taken by numerous doctors around the world, and a few privileged patients that consult them. Now you can have it too !
These entrepreneurs decided to enlarge the circle of the privileged humans that will be able to prolonge their lives whitout limits, by offering Epitalon in its purest form and for a much lower price than it was available to day through medical professionnals. They are the first to bring this product to the public market, as it was only available to medical professionals until today.
To guaranty the quality of the product and its distribution service, they have unfortunately limited the number of units that they will offer during the first phase of commercialisation.
They are offering only 100 vials of Pure Epithalon per country and per month. Yes, it’s very little compared to the population of the world, but they hope that one day every good person will have the chance to live longer with Pure Epitalon.
Considering that the maintenance dose is of 1 to 3mg per day, 1 vial containing 50mg of Pure Epitalon will last you between 4 to 7 weeks.
Of course I am already on their list, and regular user of Pure Epitalon since several weeks now, with amazing results, as you can read on my website !
And here you can read some information I put together in the form of a website, concerning Epitalon and Telomeres http://epitalon.net
I hope sincerely that you will be part of the lucky ones that can buy the Pure Epitalon and that will enroll immediately in their monthly automatic shipping program, as the places are counted.
Ak ste študent a chceli by ste na svojej univerzite propagovať prácu v inštitúciách EÚ, neváhajte a prihláste sa na pozíciu študentského ambasádora pre kariéru v EÚ.
3 years agoTweakableParachutes: Reworked the tweakable to be a multiplicative factor, so higher numbers are slower, making it easier to use with the GUI.
TweakableParachutes: Reworked the tweakable to be a multiplicative factor, so higher numbers are slower, making it easier to use with the GUI.
3 years agoTweakableSAS: New module that allows older probe parts to be upgraded to better SAS once it's been developed.
TweakableSAS: New module that allows older probe parts to be upgraded to better SAS once it's been developed.
TweakableParachutes: New Module! Allows tweaking of parachute deployment speeds to stop Kerbals from breaking their necks at 500m.
3 years agoTweakableEVA: Moved EVAManager to ToadicusTools and added new TweakableEVA.cfg to add the module during load.
TweakableEVA: Moved EVAManager to ToadicusTools and added new TweakableEVA.cfg to add the module during load.
4 years agoTweakableEVAManager: Changes to prevent modules from being added multiple times, and to destroy the Manager after it does its work.
TweakableEVAManager: Changes to prevent modules from being added multiple times, and to destroy the Manager after it does its work.
4 years agoTDNProtoUpdater: Added some null gates to prevent exceptional behavior during long spacecenter loads.
TDNProtoUpdater: Added some null gates to prevent exceptional behavior during long spacecenter loads.
4 years agoModuleTweakableRCS: thrust limiter assignment now functions in the Editor as well as in Flight.
4 years agoModuleStagingToggle: Prevent onPartAttach from calling hasAncestorPart when the event is missing its target data or the host part is not yet started properly.
ModuleStagingToggle: Prevent onPartAttach from calling hasAncestorPart when the event is missing its target data or the host part is not yet started properly.
4 years agoTweakableLadders: Switched to dynamic ToadicusTools link. Added more robust guards in case the underlying RetractableLadder isn't there.
TweakableLadders: Switched to dynamic ToadicusTools link. Added more robust guards in case the underlying RetractableLadder isn't there.
4 years agoModuleStagingToggle: Rejiggered the events to hopefully filter out events that aren't important.
4 years agoRemoved ToadicusTools. prefix from certain Tools calls now that we're building ToadicusTools as a separate library.
Removed ToadicusTools. prefix from certain Tools calls now that we're building ToadicusTools as a separate library.
But lately there have prostitute caught in the act been some problems in your life because of your sexual habits.Or maybe, like me, you knew you had a problem all along, and thought the most important thing was to not let anyone ever find out.Men Look at Other Women and..
Take extra care in the sun in Quito.and what we&apos;ve left out.A flat in a london liverpool street escorts block in a suburb of London: Karen (not her real name) thinks her neighbours probably realise she sells sex for a living.Often the best call is to hand over whatever they are asking for and let them.But why do men pay for it if they can just do it for free?By the 1940s, however, most of its residents abandoned the area, then in the 2000s La Ronda was restored to it original romantic character with new art galleries and restaurants.I just gathered what little I&apos;d stored at his place and left.This held true even for places where prostitution is legal and relatively safe.One normally cannot be both a wife and a whore.
However, rather than removing the old laval escort girl numbers before adding new ones, the municipality simply placed the new numbers over, under, or alongside the old ones, and hence, some people use the former numbers, some the official, and some use both.Teela Sanders, a senior lecturer at the University of Leeds, and the author.While theres no doubt that money is the primary reason for the women becoming prostitutes, it is very surprising that sexual motivation ranks so highly, says Jens Kofod, who holds a PhD in anthropology and is a researcher at SFI The Danish National Centre for.Check with your hotel to identify the official registered taxi companies in the city and stick only with them to avoid any hidden charges or unpleasant rides.In the early 1990s, Quito mayor Rodrigo Paz initiated a reorganization of the city which included new codes for every single home and business, which explains the new localization system.No child abuse, women became prostitutes for many different reasons, but they often feel stigmatised by society as needing help to stop their work (fewer than half of the prostitutes have considered stopping instead of society respecting their choice of work.So where can I find prostitutes?But the survey produced no clear conclusion on this some prostitutes were abused as children, others were not.
Anomalous development of the cells in the cerebrum is named as mind tumor. This kind of tumor may start in the cerebrum itself or emerge as a branch from different sorts of malignancies. Essential tumor or malignancy that begins...
Malignancy is a standout amongst the most dreaded maladies among the people, and individuals experiencing it are likewise in fear, however the most ideal approach to expel the dread from the tumor infection is by distinguishing the growth on...
The subject matter of the articles published in Mineral Resources Management covers issues related to minerals and raw materials, as well as mineral deposits, with particular emphasis on:
Below please find the dates, fees, and registration periods for the examinations administered in Greece under the auspices of the H. A . Union:
I am a Christ following, wife of 14 years, mom to three beautiful children, homeschool mom, bakery owner and lots more. Here I share our homeschool adventures, recipes I love and other random mom stuff. Thanks for stopping by!
We did a unit study from Five in a Row on the book Madeline. We used information from Home School Share to create a lapbook also. Meghan learned where France is and why the city of Paris was built on a river. She learned about character traits, about the landmarks in Paris, and we talked about the author of the book and the illustrations. For math she learned about grouping and dividing, sizing and symmetry. We also talked about health and how to take care of your body. She learned some organs and body parts as well. She had a few foods that are served in France too. Nathan said they eat Nutella on sliced baguette so we had that. He's been to Paris twice so we take his word for it. He studied French in high school and went to Europe for his senior trip and then we went to Paris for our honeymoon. She also had croissants one day as well. Nutella is a chocolate and hazelnut spread. I had never had it myself. It's really good.
I plan to try and be better about sharing this stuff. Right now we are working on a unit study with the book Apples to Oregon. It is about a family and their trip on the Oregon trail. We are going to St Louis so thought this would be great to do right before going. It's a lot of fun. I will share more on that when we are done with it.
Last year I was searching for a recipe that is like "Bisquick". I wanted something that would be healthier and something that I kn...
Here we are in the first week of March! How did that happen? We've been so busy lately. We have lots going on and are enjoying all the...
I am gather information and lapbook elements and thought I would share some sites and links to look at. I won't be using all of these bu...
Or something like that. :) Meghan went with our church for her first camp, Winter Camp. She left last Friday afternoon and I picked her up o...
I think that you can tell from my blog that we like arts and crafts. My kids are always making, coloring, drawing or painting something. Th...
This giveaway is hosted on my cake blog but I thought you might be interested! It is an awesome giveaway! Head on over and check it out! Ins...
What is the one thing you for sure have on New Years Eve? Snacks! Thanks to My Blog Spark and Chex we had a Chex Party for New Years Eve! It...
Kaden has been doing this super cute Kindergarten Kit from HomeschoolShare called Monster Mash. If you have not checked out HomeschoolShare...
I am joining in on another Homeschool Blog Fair. These are my favorite kind I think, since the blog is mostly about the kids and our hom...
You know that thing when God starts bringing things to your attention, over and over... Until you figure out you need to research and pay at...
Berlin, Berlin is a television series produced for the ARD. It aired in Germany from 2002 to 2005 Tuesdays through Fridays at 6:50PM on the German public TV network Das Erste. The show won both national and international awards.
Designed using the latest advancements in performance imaging, like our purpose-built Epson PrecisionCore™ TFP® print head, along with our all-new garment ink technology – Epson UltraChrome DG – the SureColor F2000 series will become the new benchmark in high-performance garment imaging.
Revolutionary EPSON PrecisionCore® TFP® Print Head — for extreme print quality and production speeds
You are providing your consent to Epson America, Inc., doing business as Epson, so that we may send you promotional emails. You may withdraw your consent or view our privacy policy at any time. To contact Epson America, you may write to 3840 Kilroy Airport Way, Long Beach, CA 90806 or call 1-800-463-7766.
"The Future US Business Environment with Strategic Marketing Implicatio" by Syed Akhter and Gene R. Laczniak
The views of Fortune 500 vice‐presidents of marketing and planning concerning future competitive environments, technological developments, political developments and marketing mix variables are presented. The composite picture developed from their world views helps highlight the strategic business areas that international marketers, especially exporters to the USA, should seriously examine before developing their international marketing strategies.
UNJUK RASA. KAMMI Kalbar melakukan unjuk rasa menyikapi pelemahan nilai tukar rupiah di Taman Digulis, Jumat sore (9/7). Andi Ridwansyah-RK
57-89-56 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Өскемен қ.
A Good Furniture design example, the Elliyedibon is a creative Mirror design. Elliyedibon was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Elliyedibon is a very big mirror designed to fit lobbies and other big spaces, the desi <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Kareas B is a creative Stool design. Kareas B was designed in 2008, and here is a how it is described by its designer: One of my favourite stools, obviously stackable, inspired in Japan.
What is it? Design Mega Store is like a shopping mall for design. There are may stores from different designers, design agencies, design studios and design related companies and there is also your store.How can I sell? Register to Design Mega Store <Cropped>
The 3rd International (yong'an) Bamboo Product Designing Contest” Are to Become a Top Brand Contest in The Field of Bamboo Product Designing in The World
the 3rd international (yong'an) bamboo product designing contest” are to become a top brand contest in the field of bamboo product designing in the world ..
Got talent and want exposure? whether you’re an aspiring or experienced artist, submit your designs and gain a golden opportunity to design beach sarongs for a californian based beach clothing company!How to enter: step 1: stick to the theme ‘ <Cropped>
La Trentina, Consortium Producing and Selling Apples, Supports and Promotes Young Designers Giving “space” to Their Creativity With The a Designer a Day Competition Which, Now in Its Third Edition, Returns in a Renewed and “evolved” Form: No Longe
La trentina, consortium producing and selling apples, supports and promotes young designers giving “space” to their creativity with the a designer a day competition which, now in its third edition, returns in a renewed and “evolved” form: no <Cropped>
Aless in love is a product design contest with the aim of researching new inspiration, directions and registers for the love gift, related to the celebration of a special moment or to show one's feelings..
This Article Is An Outlook of Design Mediation, Brokerage and Consultancy Services Provided by Designmediators
Definition of Design Mediation: Design Mediators are natural parties that could help designers to connect and communicate with companies. The connection phase is where the mediator, acting more like a broker, finds a client for the designer, or the m <Cropped>
Call For Entry-One of The World Biggest Wooden Furniture Design Competition “ifda2014” Is Coming. The Winners’ Works May Have Chance of Commercialization by Local Furniture Makers
Call for entry - one of the world biggest wooden furniture design competition “ifda2014” is coming. the winners’ works may have chance of commercialization by local furniture makers..
Shoobh theme of the year 2013 is water. water is beautiful and we want people to love water, because when you adore something you tend to take care of it more. .
17 Feb 2008, Pristina, Kosovo --- Kosovo's Albanians celebrate in Pristina. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia, ending a long chapter in the bloody breakup of former Yugoslavia. --- Image by © Jerome Sessini/Corbis
Description: 17 Feb 2008, Pristina, Kosovo --- Kosovo's Albanians celebrate in Pristina. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia, ending a long chapter in the bloody breakup of former Yugoslavia. --- Image by © Jerome Sessini/Corbis
“The popcorn effect”: obtaining of the highly active ultrafine nickel hydroxide by microwave treatment of wet precipitate PDF
Establishing the patterns in the formation of oxide films on the alloy Ti6Al4V in carbonic acid solutions PDF
accent architectural armchair bathroom bedroom black building chair chairs colors comfy contemporary cottage country decor design designs dining door floor free furniture home homes house ideas interior kitchen living modern plan plans room round sets single small square story style table tile traditional white with
First off, I would like to apologize for my crappy photos. I was a portrait photographer for 6 years. I was able to control my lighting when photographing people. Interior photography is a new concept for me. Hopefully, I can figure it out and get better with my pictures of the house.
The above picture is in our dog's room. Yes. Our dogs have their own room. It is sort of a mudroom/storage room really. It is their room though. They are in that room in their crates when we aren't home and most of them sleep in there at night. One of them (Geno - our traumatized rescue dog) is in there pretty much the whole day. He likes to be in his crate even when he doesn't need to be. Poor little guy. It makes me sad to think anyone could have treated him so bad.
This room is about 60 percent done. I am saving up for the wall to wall Flor tiles that will cover the wood floors. Oliver and I have a hatred for stained wood (Everyone just gasped, I am sure). The only wood you will see in our house is a dark wood stain, black stained wood or painted wood.
This room currently has a light wood laminate and it has got to go. So Flor tiles (which I love) will go over top of it. Here is the pattern I came up with.
There are many tutorials on how to do silhouettes in blog land. Like this one, or this one. I basically used my knowledge of photoshop (remember I was a portrait photographer) and took an existing picture of each dog. I decided to use a colored silhouette to match the color scheme of the room, but it kind of turned out a purplish pink instead of a hot pink like I was going for. But I love them non the less. I finished them off by putting them in baroque frames from Hobby Lobby.
It is that time of year when Highland Children’s Forum reviews its performance over the last year and looks at the development plan for next year. Please let us know your views on our work:&n...
Highland Children’s Forum Consultation Project Worker Children and Young People Not in Full Time Education Consultation Project Temporary post from September 2016 ...
Highland Children's Forum was funded by the Scottish Government in 2007/8 to design an involvement toolbox with lots of ideas and information about involvement and participation of children and yo...
An Indian actress and model, Neelam Sivia came to the spotlight with the role of Anika in the television serial Kya Huaa Tera Vaada with other co-stars like Mouli Ganguly, Mona Singh.
Mouli Ganguly is an Indian film and television actress, best known for her work in Bengali and Hindi cinemas. She rose to fame with a role of Shaina from the Ekta
High Point Wellness Centre is looking for a passionate and committed Front Desk Health Services Facilitator to join our team. This individual should demonstrate a high standard of excellence and ...
High Point Wellness Centre (HPWC) is looking for an energetic, motivated and committed Personal Trainer to join our team. The trainer would communicate with our practitioners (chiropractors, physiotherapists, massage therapists) ...
High Point is offering comprehensive Health Screening service for our patients on Friday January 29, 8 am to 1 pm in the main HPWC clinic and the price is $45. ...
INSPIRING TECHNOLOGIES offers one of the Most Unique Electronic Gadgets and digital lifestyle shopping portal and providing a simulating online shopping experience, it offers the latest range of gadgets and electronic products at most competitive prices. We focus on bringing you the most unique products in India. We are the innovation of India...
All Brand names, logos, trademarks, and certain artworks are the property of their respective owners.
Our passion is listening to students' needs of learning and customizing each lesson to make learning a fun experience. Most Importantly, we make learning spontaneous.
We offer both one-on-one and group Cantonese lessons in New York City. Free podcast episodes Learn Cantonese Daily are also available on iTunes podcast. Click here to pre-order our Cantonese textbook releasing in November 2017.
Our teachers have conducted and taught the Mandarin Program for Parents at PS20-the Anna Silver School, The Bronx High School of Science, and New Utrecht High School. We are continuously providing quality language lessons to our students.
We invented our own tonal transcription, Wu's Tonal system, to teach Taishanese. With this consolidated tonal system and interacted lessons, InspirLang provides a complete package for our students to master everyday spoken Taishanese.
We use task-based language learning (TBLT) instead of the traditional method for students to acquire the language authentically. We also provide complete follow-ups including an audio and revised script to each student.
Our private lessons allow each student to enjoy the first lesson with only $25. Cancellation is free if cancelled 6 hours before the scheduled lesson.
You will only have to pay after the lesson is conducted. A PayPal invoice will be sent to your mailbox afterward.
I thoroughly enjoyed my lessons with Katherine, and I felt that I improved a lot in a short time. The lessons were personalized, engaging, and fun. Highly recommended!
As a beginner I had weekly Cantonese classes with Jade and she really helped me progress! Her classes are well planned and build on previous learning - including a good balance of new content and reviewing/practicing old lessons. I really enjoyed our lessons especially as she made them relevant to my life and real contexts. I feel much more confident and have a much better understanding of Cantonese now!
Jade is awesome! I was worried when told that Cantonese is such a difficult language. Jade makes it fun yet challenging, I make progress every week learn new things while reviewing and retaining what I've learned in the previous weeks. I attended a class in NY at a language school and left very discouraged, private lessons were the answer! Jade is always prepared with written lesson outlines and audio lessons tailored to your session. She is always positive, pushing you to want to learn more!
Overall, I've had a very positive experience with my private lessons. Katherine gears the lessons towards my needs and answers any questions that I have. She provides more insight than just the prepared lessons, improvising when necessary. Not only is the tutor is very knowledgeable in the subject area but also very wiling to share about the culture pertaining to the language. She has been always been professional, dedicated, patient, and helpful.
I really enjoyed taking Cantonese lessons with InspirLang. The lesson content was tailored to my needs and interests. Katherine was a fantastic teacher and Jade was also extremely helpful. I thought it was very helpful how they would send my a PDF of notes of things discussed in the lesson and a recording of the lesson content so that I could practice. Highly recommended.
Jade is a dedicated, patient, and knowledgeable instructor. She’s makes learning Cantonese a pleasant and intellectually stimulating experience. Jade is able to provide thorough, easily understood explanations of difficult grammatical concepts and concrete, real-world examples from Cantonese’s vast vocabulary.
I've been taking private tutoring lessons in Cantonese from InspirLang's Ms. Woo for about 9 months already. I have to say that I noticed a significant improvement in my Cantonese. I love how each lesson is custom made around a particular topic, to address an issue I have, or based on a request I made. I'm a believer in speaking the language to get better at it, so a decent amount of each lesson is centered around conversation. Ms. Woo even provides audio and a lesson transcript so it's really convenient and easy for me to go over what was taught and discussed from the lesson. The customization of each lesson definitely makes the language learning experience more personal and you become more invested in your development. I highly recommend Ms. Woo if you're looking into learning Chinese (Cantonese, Mandarin, or Taishanese)!
I really enjoy my tutoring sessions. I am finally constructing my own sentences. Jade is patient and encouraging. She tailored my lessons around my normal daily life, so my learning is not just "See Spot run..or 1,2,3....", but more interactive to my own activities, which gives the lessons a more personal connection. I've had 6 lessons thus far. Each lesson is followed by an audio and the written version of the session. I'm very happy with the work we're doing. Jade has excellent attention to detail and very easy going. I plan to continue my lessons with Jade (and soon Katherine) for long term.
I have been taking Mandarin lessons with Jade for several months. She makes her lessons fun as well as informative. Jade is extremely conscientious; after each lesson she sends you an audio recording of what was covered, within 24 hours. I can highly recommend her.
Jade has tutored me in mandarin and Cantonese for about half a year now. She is extremely professional and is a great teacher. She makes the learning fun.
The Vatican-backed ban on marriage equality approved by 60 percent of voters in Croatia has prompted the left-centrist government to pursue recognizing same-sex couples in the country anyway.
Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic’s center-left government said on Monday that it would move ahead with a proposed bill to afford same-sex couples many of the legal rights enjoyed by heterosexual couples, including hospital visitation and inheritance rights, though the bill does not include the right to adopt children.
Mr. Milanovic said he regretted that the referendum had even been held. “I think it did not make us any better, smarter or prettier,” he said.
The state electoral commission said that 66 percent of those who voted answered yes to the question, “Do you agree that marriage is matrimony between a man and a woman?” Turnout was relatively low, with about 38 percent of registered voters casting ballots. Analysts said the turnout suggested that the sluggish economy and 18 percent unemployment rate were more on Croats’ minds than gay marriage.
Poor question on the ballot. Poor turn out. Question should have been phrased in reverse. "Do you believe is acceptable to deny rights to adult citizens based on differences in certain characteristics?"
We would love to make sure you receive all of our top stories, original content, and stories we find important. Sign up for our newsletter below and we'll keep you in touch with Instinct.
Seven truck manufacturers took top honors in vehicle data and valuation provider Price Digests' 2019
Ordenar por -- Precio: El más bajo primero Precio: El más alto primero Nombre producto: A a Z Nombre producto: Z a A Referencia: El más bajo primero Referencia: El más alto primero
The technique of optimization of information exchange in the modular structure of systems for the collection and processing data in the ACS of a gas transportation company, based on the use of the exponential model of a closed queuing network and the ability to operate characterized by fuzzy sets.
Nissankid83: Hey is anyone intrested in going to the street legal drag races? Kinda want to take the new titan out.. heres the link [link]
Desertrunner2169: Who is doing the flag run this year and does anyone have a extra flag mount I can borrow
PitSnipe (Kyle): No blood thinners for me. Currently taking 18 pills a day to keep my blood pressure low.
azmike: Wow Pitsnipe, you are too young, really glad you made it through. Blood thinners my man, blood thinners...
Copyright ©2015 Arizona Xterra Club The Nissan names, logos and slogans are registered trademarks of Nissan Motor Co. Ltd and is no way affiliated with this site. All posts are the property of the posters and are not the responsibility of the Arizona Xterra Club, it's affiliates, web hosts or associated companies.
Emirates Stadium has quickly established itself as one of the world's most stunning and spectacular sports stadia. Along with state-of-the-art facilities, the Club have incorporated stunning features from our Highbury history and personal touches from inspirational Arsenal manager, Arsène Wenger. With a capacity of over 60,000, the Emirates provides the perfect home for London's most successful club.
I have been living and working in Madrid, Spain for the past 25 years, prior to having been living in London for 24 years.
My profesional background and experience has been working in the IT and media industry for the last 25+ years, with Multinational American, British, Canadian, South African, Brazilian and Spanish companies,in sales and business development environments.
I mainly teach business conversation, speaking, listening, one to one, and small groups of 1-4 students at a time.
I have taught English in the evenings at a Private Secondary School, to teenagers and adults, with the objective to making learning English fun.
I currently teach English at a local English Military Academy in Madrid to students from governmental organisations such as military, police officers and navy officials etc.
I look forward to hearing from you soon, so feel free to contact me, to help you improve your English conversation, speaking, and listening, whether for business, sales or for pleasure.
signature 8 all purpose wine stem costco mikasa glasses canada plastic costcoca,costco canada plastic wine glasses clearance encore set of 6 crystal stemware huge acrylic,costcoca wine glasses costco uk large glass moms plastic canada,costco plastic wine glasses mikasa stemless ,costco wine glasses australia symphony all purpose stems mikasa price,mikasa stemless wine glasses costco acrylic bulk plastic,signature wine glasses set back costco canada plastic mikasa stemless huge,costcoca wine glasses titanium anatomy of a glass reinforced costco huge plastic,costco plastic wine glasses acrylic canada stemless kitchen set target,costco waterford wine glasses canada plastic huge disposable tableware and at loaded.
This new bankruptcy law sounded good to me at first. I knew people who started businesses, failed, declared bankruptcy, started a new business, failed, declared bankruptcy again and started another business that would fail. But some stats reported on the Bring it On blog are astounding.
Back when Clinton proposed his Health Care plan, I was against it. I had a nice job with a Fortune 500 company with great medical benefits. I opposed it because I was afraid that if it passed, my benefits would be cut to the minimums set forth in the plan. I thought the alternative Medical savings plan proposed by the Republicans would be a better idea.
When I was hired, the owner told me that as soon as they computerized the business, they would start looking at getting health insurance. Well, they computerized the business. Three or four years later, after my boss' spouse retired, they got a retirement plan for the full time employees. Here it is, five years later, and still no health plan.
Back in 2001, I got sick. Really sick. I was taken to the hospital by ambulance. It cost $700 to get the three guys into the ambulance for the one block drive to the office. They each wore gloves that cost $5 a pair. They ran several tests for heart disease, understandable under the circumstances. The ride to the hospital cost me $1500.
I spent 19 days in the hospital, including two days in ICU, and ten in isolation because they were afraid I had TB. My hospital bill was $50,000.
When the State of Texas Health Department was informed that I might, just might, have TB, they wanted everyone I had been in contact with for the previous two weeks to take a TB test. My cousins had been down for golf, so my Midland cousin went to his Health Department and got his. My cousin in Virginia had to pay for his. My boss, when informed that all the employees would have to take the test, asked, "Who's paying for it?" When he was told the state was picking up the tab, he agreed to have test himself.
I wound up applying for Indigent Care, which forgave my hospital bill, but not my ambulance ride. I had to get a loan to pay that off. (My mom does medical transcription, and one of her surgeon clients apparently did the surgery for free. Thanks, Doc!)
My argument against National Health Care now seems foolish. Since my employer won't consider adding health insurance to my benefits, I now know that this country needs a health plan.
The last week at work was pretty rough. It's Spring Break and Bicycle Hell Week, where cyclists from all over come down to lord it over all of us non-cyclists. In keeping with my "Control My Finances" pledge, I tried to spend as little as possible. But it's really hard to deal with all the people who come to town and want a place for 14 people with a full breakfast for $100 total. I have laid off the beer this week, and, since I don't have to work tomorrow, and making up for lost time. My first purchase since Tuesday was an 18 pack of beer.
My parents want me to go with them on vacation. I'll probably go, and I will probably continue my tradition of watching people in tourist towns try not to strangle the tourists. I'm trying to see how well I cover it.
Today is St. Patrick's Day, the United States first beer binge day. (I'm not counting Mardi Gras because that has yet to spread across the country, but it's starting!) Today everyone puts on their green, and drinks green beer till they're sick. (As another aside, why ruin a perfectly good beer by coloring it green? you want to show your Irishness? Drink a Guinness!) Tommorrow, we'll be a nation of people walking around with our head in our hands saying, "I wish that cat would quit stomping around!"
Next up is Cinco de Mayo, where everyone grabs a Corona, eats nachos, and dances to mariachi music. Then there's Memorial Day, where everyone with a boat fills it with beer and heads to an open body of water. After that, we celebrate the founding of our country with a beer soaked fireworks festival. Then there's October, when every German community celebrates Oktoberfest. Finally, it's Super Bowl time, when the beer companies encourage us to watch the big game with a lot of their product.
When did celebrating one's ethnic heritage become an excuse to snot slinging, commode hugging drunk? (I don't need one. Making it to 5 pm is good enough for me.)
A cold front has blown through the Texas Hill Country, dropping the spring-like temps into the low 40s this morning. And now, rain has started falling. I guess I'll have to put the shorts back into the drawer.
I'm 40 years old. I got my first car in 1978. It was a '67 Plymouth Duster. like most used cars, it broke down a lot. I had the car repaired in the High School auto shop. I always said that the car spent more time at school than I did. At the time, gas was seventy cents a gallon, and $5 would get the tank half full. I remember being able to buy $1 worth of gas and driving for a couple of days.
I just put $10 of gas in my van. If I'm lucky, I can go until the weekend. The last time I filled the van up, I spent almost $40. I once swore I would never own a car that cost that much to fill up. Thanks to 9/11, and the almost immediate spike in gas prices, I now own that car. And while the gas companies are telling us how much gas costs to produthey are posting record profits.
One of the reasons I want to get my bills paid is to be able to buy a new car. I have my eye on a Toyota Prius. All I gotta do is last another year in the van.
In an effort to go a week without spending any money, I have been spending a lot of time online, browsing blogs. I found a neat site that lets you create a map of the states you've visited.
In the aftermath of Avengers Disassembled, Marvel has launched Young Avengers and New Avengers. They have also published an 8 issue Mini-series retelling the origin of the superteam, redoing the first sixteen issues, and setting them a bit closer to the 21st century.
I'm not too upset by all of this, since the mini series really just updates the setting for the first few issues, and explores the behind the scenes politics. But I am curious how Marvel will spin the small reboot, since they say they don't reboot.
A few years, John Byrne, my favorite artist/writer, by the way, rebooted Spider-man, moving his origin from the sixties to the eighties. Fans hated it!
I wrote earlier about the current reboot of Nightwing going on over at DC Comics, and wasn't too happy about that, but they were changing the origin.
I guess that's the nature of comic book time, though. Dick Grayson first appeared in 1940, and Peter Parker in the 60s. Since they have to stay an eternal 29 years old, the writers have to keep moving their backstories up in time.
Now we know why we need stronger provisions in Roe V. Wade. Not for women; for men. One in 25 fathers could be unknowlingly raising someone else's (Since this is an all-inclusive blog, I am not using the phrase "another man's." Don't you feel better?) child.
This story reminded me of an old joke: Pastor Brown was asked to explain faith. He said, "See the Franklins over there? They have six children. Mrs. Franklin knows they're hers. Mr. Franklin beleives they're his. That's faith."
Texas has become the fourth state to have minorities outnumber the majority. According to a Chicago Sun-Times story, minorities in Texas are 50.2% of the population. While Texas wasn't the first to reach this notable milestone (California, New Mexico and Hawaii beat us to it), at least we are ahead of Maryland, Mississippi, Georgia, New York and Arizona.
It's nice to see texas at the top of one of these lists. We've been at the bottom of the education list forever.
New Zealand&apos;s Jock Paget takes a victory lap of the stadium at Badminton Horse Trials after winning the 2013 edition of the four-star event. (FEI photo by Kit Houghton)
New Zealand&apos;s Jonathan Paget just stunned eventing aristocracy by winning the 2013 Mitsubishi Motors Badminton Horse Trials in dramatic form this morning aboard Clifton Promise--on his first try at the iconic British event.
It&apos;s not big news for a New Zealander to win at Badminton, but everyone had tagged this year as the year when Andrew Nicholson would claim it--after 32 tries, and with the Rolex Grand Slam his to claim if he could win.
Jonathan "Jock" Paget is just the second first-timer to win Badminton, following in the footsteps of Sir Mark Todd--also from New Zealand--who won his Badminton debut on Southern Comfort II in 1980.
Not bad for a 29-year-old former brick layer, who rode Frances Stead&apos;s New Zealand Thoroughbred, Clifton Promise; Paget&apos;s clear showj umping round put a few tons of 4* pressure on the back of the Olympic, World and European champion Michael Jung (GER) on La Biosthetique-Sam FBW. Jung led throughout the event and most thought he had trumped the showjumping as well to win the title--but a rail fell on the last fence.
But it almost wasn&apos;t to be. Earlier in the day, at the final horse inspection, Promise was held by the ground jury and had to be re-presented. He finally was allowed to go forward.
According to Equestrian Sport New Zealand, Paget has been quietly working his way to the top. The London Olympics team bronze medallist, who is now based in Surrey, England, spent some time this past winter at Jung&apos;s Germany stable where he trained with the highly-regarded rider.
Jock didn&apos;t start riding until he was 18. Within two years of starting training, he went from never having jumped a fence to riding in a three-star event. Now, just ten years later, he has placed 10th individually in the Olympics and won Badminton on his first attempt--beating the best in the world to do it.
Clifton Promise, who is 15, was bought as a green Thoroughbred; Jock brought him from novice to four-star himself.?"I was just thinking one fence at a time," said Paget of his showjumping round, admitting that the victory hadn&apos;t really sunk in. "I came here knowing I had two great horses and that I could win . . . both horses did everything I asked of them and that was enough."
Paget said he&apos;d been coming to four stars with victory in his eyes: "It didn&apos;t matter which one it was, I just wanted to win," he continued.
It&apos;s interesting to note what Team Paget was doing while Jung was in the ring. Jock, owner Frances Stead, and a group of the Kiwi riders and supporters did not watch Jung&apos;s jumping round. When the cheer went up, they figured the German had won. But it was quickly followed by a groan . . . and then the celebrations began.
Paget finished Badminton on his 39.7 penalty point dressage score, with Jung adding four faults to finish on 40 and Nicholson on 40.2 for third.
Nicholson and Nereo (owned by Libby Sellar) did everything they could to win not just Badminton, but also the Rolex Grand Slam - the rider who wins Burghley, Kentucky and Badminton consecutively - but it just wasn&apos;t to be. Despite a beautiful clear round, they just couldn&apos;t get past either Jung or Paget. The illusive Badminton title remains tantilizingly out of reach for the world&apos;s number one ranked rider, who is also leading the HSBC FEI Classics Series.
Equestrian Sports New Zealand high performance coach Erik Duvander said the well-deserved win was something Paget had been building up to for a while.?"I believed strongly that Jock could win - they&apos;ve come into the competition with the horse in top form and I never doubted he could pull it off," he said. "Many say they would rather win Badminton than the Olympics . . . in the eventing world, Badminton is the glory one to win."
He also had plenty of praise for Nicholson, of whom he said, "He is just such a machine. It was so tight at the top that any of those five or six could have won with a little luck on the day. Andrew really is the ultimate sportsman."
Nicholson, who has completed Badminton a record 30-plus times, was also 11th on Avebury (owned by Mark and Rosemary Barlow and Nicholson), with Paget 14th on Clifton Lush (owned by Lucy Allison and Frances Stead).
Between Paget and Nicholson, New Zealand had four horses in the top 20, tying Germany as the most successful nation. A shout-out to Italy is in order, as they posted two riders in the top ten: tefano Brecciaroli in sixth and Vittoria Panizzon in seventh.
Badminton began with 85 entries, which shrank to 65 for the jumping today. Top placing North American riders were Canada&apos;s Rebecca Howard in 12th and the USA&apos;s Tiana Coudray in 17th, Clark Montgomery in 27th and Colleen Rutledge in 57th.
Thanks to Diana Dobson of Equestrian Sport New Zealand and Badminton Horse Trials for background used in this article.
Fashionista Up! Wrangler NFR Barrel Racers Run for Western-Style Cash in Las Vegas as Hunter Wins First Night
As the name suggests, tiger eye refers to a distinct yellow, amber or bright orange iris color. “Tiger eye is especially valued by breeders for its striking appearance,” explains Rebecca Renee Bellone, PhD. The trait is autosomal recessive, meaning one copy of the mutated gene must be inherited from each parent for it to be expressed.
The Davis researchers found that most tiger-eyed horses inherit two copies of the Tiger-eye 1 allele, and a smaller number of horses have one copy of each mutation (Tiger-eye 1/Tiger-eye 2). So far, these two mutations have been detected only in the Puerto Rican Paso Fino horse breed and were not found in any of 196 horses from related breeds that were tested.
A genetic test for tiger eye is now available at the Veterinary Genetics Laboratory at UC–Davis. “The genetic test is being used to determine the genotype for tiger-eye mates and identify carriers of the tiger- eye mutations to inform breeding decisions,” says Bellone. “For example, if one wanted to produce a tiger-eyed offspring out of a cross between a tiger-eye stallion to a brown-eyed mare, you would want to know precisely the genotype of both the sire and dam. If the tiger-eye stallion has two copies of Tiger-eye 1 allele and the mare is heterozygous (Tiger-eye 1/N) then a cross between the two gives a 50 percent chance of getting a tiger-eye foal. If, however, the mare is not a carrier for either Tiger-eye allele, then this cross would be a poor choice because a tiger-eye offspring could not be produced.”
Reference: “Two variants in SLC24A5 are associated with ‘tiger-eye’ iris pigmentation in Puerto Rican Paso Fino horses,” G3: Genes|Genomes| Genetics, June 2017
Reference: “The occurrence of biofilm in an equine experimental wound model of healing by secondary intention,” Veterinary Microbiology, May 2017
Benvenuti nel nuovo blog dedicato a Eraclea Mare e alle sue bellezze! Eraclea è una bellissima città della costa veneziana, situata tra la foce del Piave e la laguna di Caorle. Rinomata località balneare, conosciuta a livello internazionale per la sua pineta e la Laguna del Mort deve la sua fama al turismo nord-europeo ed anche alla sua qualità della vita.
Posted by :admin Posted date : March 15, 2018 In Liga Champions Comments Off on Tim Italia Jarang Menang Di London
The first Jewish Film Festival started in San Francisco 38 years ago. The Kid doesnt merely show Chaplin at a turning point, when he proved that he was a serious film directorit remains an expressive masterwork of
We have dedicated resources to provide custom Web Design Service in Bali – Indonesia. With our full time web designer and web programmer also qualified admin will assist you to have a quality as your expectation.
We use modern content management system (CMS) WordPress and Modx for its effectivity. With CMS, website can be managed like just in time directly from everywhere and no need to be have a technical skill for operate it.
Our knowledgeable designers and programmers will work closely with you in the planning stages of your website. We will recommend design features that create the most functional and effective website.
We are working in PHP, Linux, MySql Database environment. Based on open source and the most popular application on earth, support with Dynamic Interactivity using Ajax, will deliver website with optimal functionality and eye catching.
Experience and knowledge of the tools available in creating effective web presences are just a few of the reasons Babon Multimedia has become one of the leading web company in Indonesia. We can apply our abilities and understanding of how users use the internet to your business and together create a successful and profitable web presence.
Get the traffic and sales online by Online Shop. We offer e-commerce service with Opencart system which is have fully functionality and designed for e-shop. Easy to manage and lightweight, Opencart is one of the most popular E-commerce system on earth.
To complete the professional services delivered to you, Babon Multimedia provides Web hosting plans with added-value features, user-friendly controls, plan flexibility, and the 24/7 reliability you need to succeed online. Babon Multimedia is able to furnish you with fast connectivity and redundant backup power to ensure our commitment of 99.9% network uptime.
The table below indicates the number of times the name Tobie has been given to baby boys in recent years. The last 125 years refers to 1880 through 2004; last year refers to 2004. The rank and count values are based on U.S. Social Security Administration counts for the one thousand most popular names given to baby boys in each of these years.
The table below indicates the number of times the name Tobie has been given to baby boys and baby girls each year, from 1880 through 2004. Tobie first appeared in the top thousand boy or girl names during 1904, which is the first year shown on the table. Tobie last appeared in either or both of these name lists during 1904, the last year shown on the table. A blank entry indicates that the name did not rank among the top one thousand names given to boys or girls, respectively, during the specified year.
During the last 125 years, parents have used Tobie as a boy's name nearly 100% of the time and almost never as a girl's name. Cumulative counts and total counts shown on the above tables may be much lower than actual counts because the name Tobie appears in the top 1,000 boy names only once during the last 125 years.
Owner / Broker: Ski In from Bachelor Gulch - left of the Ritz Carlton - in five minutes. Ski Out is 160 steps up around corner before you can gear up and let gravity take you down to Lower Beaver Creek Mountain Express. Else the Shuttle (Valley Route) runs every 12 minutes from front door to BC Village from 7 am to 5 pm. Dial-a-ride service (970.949.1938) available throughout Resort.
Nothing defines “first-class resort” as perfectly as Beaver Creek, with its immaculately groomed slopes, charming village, heated pathways, escalators and some of the best skiing and snowboarding Colorado has to offer.
This family-friendly village is just a couple of minutes up the hill from the conveniences found in Avon, but it offers a world-class resort living experience that feels worlds away.
The 18-hole premier golf course has some of the most picturesque holes in the valley, while wintertime skiing offers guests a unique village-to-village experience connecting Beaver Creek to Bachelor Gulch and Arrowhead.
The Vilar Performing Arts Center attracts big-name acts throughout the winter and summer months, offering a performance schedule so diverse that it rivals what you’d find in large cities. The Resort’s slogan, “Not exactly roughing it,” captures its elegance and luxury perfectly.
Real estate includes condominiums near and around the Village’s core, where European architectural influences transport residents and guests abroad. Impressive ski-in/ski-out homes scattered around Beaver Creek’s base areas, as well as golf course properties below the village core, round out this gated community that’s quaint in size but massive in its beauty, luxury, privacy and charm.
Beaver Creek Resort is consistently ranked among the best ski areas in North America. Known for its impeccable service, pristine grooming, steep-and-deep runs, and the Vail Valley’s home to World Cup alpine skiing with the annual Birds of Prey men’s ski races, Beaver Creek offers and skiing and snowboarding experience that’s hard to match anywhere in the country. When bakers serve warm chocolate chip cookies every day at the base of the mountain to boot, who could complain?
Please note that if you copy information from another website or blog or wherever, you MUST post proper attribution, including a link to the page on which the information was found.
Best practice is to post a few paragraphs and a link back to read more unless you have been given permission to post the whole thing.
When I'm posting in an "Official" capacity, you'll know it. The rest of the time I'm just sharing my opinions like everyone else.
" First, there is the contrast between the attitude of legal positivism and the appeal to the law of reason. Hegel consistently displays a “political rationalism” which attacks old concepts and attitudes that no longer apply to the modern world. "
" Second, reforms of old constitutions must be thorough and radical, but also cautious and gradual."
"Third, Hegel emphasizes the need for a strong central government, albeit without complete centralized control of public administration and social relations. Hegel here anticipates his later conception of civil society (bürgerliche Gesellschaft), the social realm of individual autonomy where there is significant local self-governance."
"Fourth, Hegel claims that representation of the people must be popular but not atomistic. The democratic element in a state is not its sole feature and it must be institutionalized in a rational manner. Hegel rejects universal suffrage as irrational because it provides no means of mediation between the individual and the state as a whole. Hegel believed that the masses lacked the experience and political education to be directly involved in national elections and policy matters and that direct suffrage leads to electoral indifference and apathy.
"Fifth, while acknowledging the importance of a division of powers in the public authority, Hegel does not appeal to a conception of separation and balance of powers. He views the estates assemblies, which safeguard freedom, as essentially related to the monarch and also stresses the role of civil servants and members of the professions, both in ministerial positions and in the assemblies. The monarchy, however, is the central supporting element in the constitutional structure because the monarch is invested with the sovereignty of the state."
Since leaving her "real job", Jillian has created a fitness empire under the company name Empowered Media. It would just haunt me.
But the teacher kept gently pressing and suggested she try accents and character voices to help get the words out—and it worked.
Though his attempt at operating these two ventures at once nearly sent both companies into bankruptcyit seems to have ultimately paid off—today, both SpaceX and Tesla thrive. I was sitting at a small white kitchen table when he walked in with my mom…he being my step father Carl.
The goal of the business was to create reports for roadway engineers from raw traffic data. She gave me a great home and family. The company grew and expanded faster than he could have ever imagined.
And every one of those skills I learned form Carl has been a driving force behind this. When she was 11 years old, the family took a trip to New York City so Parker could audition for a Broadway play. Instead of giving up, he used the power of his personality to drive him to success.
After dozens of rejections, he finally sold it for a meager advance to Doubleday Publishing, where the hardback sold only 13, copies—not great. Mark Zuckerberg The founder of social networking site Facebook.
He was faced with several roadblocks along the path to ultimate success. He drove around, sleeping in his car, and was rejected more than 1, times before finally finding his first partner.
Olympic team, she pursued a career in magazine editing. Instead of letting the trauma immobilize her ambition, Theron channelled her energy into making a name for herself. The company did achieve a little bit of success by processing the raw traffic data to generate some income.
My teachers were surrounding me, trying to comfort me. We eventually did settle in a town in central New Jersey…. Now take it one step further. At age 15, Carrey performed his comedy routine onstage for the first time—in a suit his mom made him—and totally bombed, but he was undeterred.
They have always been there for me and will always be there for me. Later, she became pregnant and gave birth to a child at age 14, who passed away just two weeks later. A previous version miscounted the number of people in this list.
His chicken was even praised in the media by food critic Duncan Hines yes, that Duncan Hines. His second attempt was inwhen he formed the Henry Ford Company, which he ended up leaving with the rights to his name. He was at the age of 50 when that happened. Even when I get older and go to college I will still keep in touch with her.
The biggest were at times when I believed my own hype. Wikipedia Many people know Henry Ford for the Ford Motor Company, one of the most successful automotive companies of all time. Bethany Hamilton had her arm bitten off by a shark. Subsequently, he filed for bankruptcy and moved to Hollywood, California.
She can be mean once in a while, but I still love her. As a child, his family barely made ends meet, and in his later years as an English teacher, he supplemented his income by selling short stories to magazines.
At age 24, she decided she needed a "real job" and went to work as a motion picture packaging agent, a job she says made her wake up every morning and "wish for death.
But the machine that they had built to process the data flopped when they tried to present it to a Seattle County traffic employee.
While you struggle day-in and day-out towards the fulfillment of your hopes and your dreams, know this: It was a difficult time in her life, but she pushed through the failures. But the idea for it was born long ago.16 Famous People Who Prove That Not All Celebrities Are Horrible People.
just crying. She said that was the first time her daughter had smiled in six months." BuzzFeed Home Sitemap© 9 Famous People Who Will Inspire You To Never Give Up On Your Dreams.
Share. Share. J.K. Rowling had just gotten a divorce, She sang in resorts and put off going after big-time stardom until her sister and brothers were old enough to care for themselves.
Sep 25, · He came from a rough Brooklyn neighborhood and had big dreams to make it big as a rapper. Unfortunately, the rest of the world didn't agree with.
12 Famous People Who Failed Before Succeeding. They’re people that persevered. They pushed through their present-day limitations, had breakthroughs, and whose names have become synonymous with success in their respective fields of study and work: His big idea was to use the concept of cyclonic separation to create the world’s first.
Jul 25, · Nia, 18, had an upcoming job interview, a sister said. Nia still had the bulk of her life ahead her and she had big plans — joining the with some people marching to a nearby bar that. Writing Contest: Who Has Had the Most Influence on Your Life? The person who has had the most influence on me is the foster mother I have now.
I say that because when I first came to her, she invited me with open arms. The person who has made a big difference in my life is my foster mom. This is why: because she is there when I’m.
For those of you too lazy to cut and paste and let Alta Vista do the work for you, here's the translation:
"I, for one, welcome our new [minority] overlords. I'd like to remind them as a trusted TV personality [or blogger], I can be helpful in rounding up others to toil in their underground sugar caves." -- Kent Brockman and me
While exploring stats on my breweries website, I discovered that someone in Japan visited my site using Google Japan's Beta translation page. I spent the next few hours exploring my sites in another language. This is a lot of fun. The translations aren't perfect, but it is interesting to see my pages in Japanese.
If you Google "Isahaya Japan" my Historic Texas Breweries website "About Me" page comes up at the top of the list.
See, writing those keyword rich articles helped! Now all I gotta figure out is what people are gonna be searching for.
Waaaay back in 1983, I found myself in Nagsaki, Japan. I was looking for the McDonalds restaurant, (or, makkudonarudo, in Japanese) and made a right turn into the Epicenter Park.
The epicenter of the blast was directly over Urakimi Catholic Church, and portions of the building were preserved there. But off to the right, was a black obelisk that marks the exact center of the detonation.
Hunger won out over any sense of history, and I managed to find my way to McDonalds, and the Nagasaki arcade.
The museum was laid out so that the higher you went, the smaller the scope of the event. On the first floor were displays and information about world politics in 1945. The focus narrowed as I went up. World to nation. Nation to prefecture. Prefecture to city. City to people. On the top floor of the museum was one large room. Six display cases ringed the room. Two of each were dedicated to one person who died in the blast.
In one case, I saw a school notebook of an elementary school student. He had drawn in the margins of his homework just like I did. There were fighter planes and navy ships, and a couple of figures from the neighborhood. Obviously, he did not survive the bomb.
In Isahaya, I met a doctor who refused to speak English because his father was killed in the blast. I met a woman who, as an infant, had been blown from her crib and into the garden by the blast. She had cancer and the US was paying for her medical bills.
I realize that had the United States not dropped the bombs on Japan, about a million people would have died when the allies invaded Japan. But visiting Nagasaki brought a whole new perspective to that knowledge.
Nagasaki Peace Park is built on the site of a POW camp. Both Japanese and Allies died in the bombing. However, the park is a nice memorial to everyone who died that day.
I actually scored higher than I thought I would on this quiz. Fortunately, my obesity is not yet life threatening. It's from the guys who created South Park.
The late, great Douglas Adams once wrote, "The intelligence in the universe is a constant. Unfortunately, the population is growing."
A Washington, D. C. activist group beleives everyone is stupid. They say "many people don't know that milk could cause severe gastrointestinal symptoms," and want lactose intolerance warnings put on milk sold in the District. Some people, apparently, will drink milk every day, get sick and not have a clue what caused it.
Yesterday, I had a kolache from the bakery next door, and spent much of the afternoon praying no one was in the bathroom. I figured out that the sausage was the culprit. Maybe this activist group could sue the bakery to get a warning put on the door. "Greasy sausage will give you the trots." Or put signs up along the Southern border reading "Drinking the water in Mexico will give you the runs." Or signs in every city "Driving your car contributes to pollution." Or "TV rots your brain." Or "There's pr0n on the Internet."
To be fair, this group is about two things: stopping milk sales and getting money for lawyers. They want big labels on milk that say milk can cause severe gastrointestinal pain. A label like that on milk cartons will slow milk sales. Their class action lawsuit is on behalf of people who are lactose intolerant and, here's the important part, don't know it. If you know you are lactose intolerant, you are not part of the suit. If you don't know you are lactose intolerant, you won't join the class, thus more of the money in damages goes to the lawyers.
Nineteen year-old teachers aide Jennifer Newcomb was arrested, and ordered held on $25,000 bail after running off with one of her students. Jennifer and her 14 year-old lover fled New Hampshire for the verdant fields of North Carolina where they were discovered a week later.
Hah! Science? This is Amerika,dammit! This is a list of cities God directs to disaster toward. Remember, God does not have the power to create a clockwork universe that runs according to natural laws, like Evolution, or gravity, both of which are theories! Since He can't create natural laws, He has to take a direct hand in the weather, and in your health.
At the top of the list are cities relatively immune to the brunt of nature. Near the bottom are those in the cross hairs of hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, tsunamis or some other way God tests the faith of beleivers.
School administrators in Arlington, Texas have banned cleavage. “It's gotten bad enough that, unfortunately, our young males are looking at more than their English book, their speech book, their science book,” says school board president Sherri Wade. “And it's kind of nice to have something left to the imagination.”
Signalling the end of America's longest running war, Congress ended the temporary 3% excise tax on long distance phone calls imposed in 1898 as a luxury tax on wealthy Americans who owned telephones to fund the war! After all, Congress wouldn't take money earmarked for one thing and use it for another, would it?
That's right, kiddies. A tax that lasts 110 years is only temporary in Washington. I'd hate to see a permanent tax!
"We have been working for years on behalf of our customers to eliminate this outdated and regressive tax," Bob Ingalls, president of Verizon's Retail Markets Group, said in a statement. "This is a good first step in alleviating consumers' telephone tax burden."
Rumor is that Howard Dean is working on a strongly worded statement condemning the action as tax relief for the rich, and will promise that when Democrats are elected to power, this luxury tax will be reimposed to ensure that the rich pay their fair share! Rich, in this case, being defined as anyone who can afford a cell phone. you know, like anyone who owns a house and sells it for a profit is rich. Like that.
Scientist have discovered a rock formation that looks like the skeleton of the largest dinosaur ever to roam the Earth.
(However, in order not to offend those offended by the cover of Baby Talk magazine, I cannot print the full name of the dinosaur here. I have replaced a letter to make the name of the dinosaur inoffensive.)
The misguided scientists are calling the rock formation that looks like a skeleton a t*tanosaur. (If I allow the the "i" to be printed between the "t"s, young children will become t*tillated. Then they will become bepraived and the universe will spin more rapidly towards entropy. If the universe existed. It isn't mentioned in the Bible, after all. Like cats.)
Privacy e cookie: Questo sito utilizza cookie. Continuando a utilizzare questo sito web, si accetta l’utilizzo dei cookie.
equipment contract template lease agreements in equipment agreement template free to own simple rental best free rental agreement template 9 leasing contract equipment equipment hire agreement templat.
medical equipment maintenance contract template hire agreement lease free download responsibility,employee equipment agreement template rental contract format use loan ideas free forms,equipment rental contract forms free medical service template lease agreement form download maintenance,equipment hire contract template free maintenance service sample 3 agreement 1 fill in australia,equipment contract form hire template free rental word online editable agreement templates,service repair form medical equipment contract template repairs free lease to own agreement rental forms,employee equipment agreement template lease free download maintenance service contract rental word,equipment lease agreement form free simple rental computer template sample contract word maintenance service,equipment loan contract form great agreement template maintenance rental canada word,medical equipment service contract template sample agreement rental word sales form purchase.
Anna Sui has guided the world of fashion over the past twenty years. For her signature work, The New York Times refers to Anna Sui as a designer who never panders.
Dear Twitpic Community - thank you for all the wonderful photos you have taken over the years. We have now placed Twitpic in an archived state. »»»
Dear Twitpic Community - thank you for all the wonderful photos you have taken over the years. We have now placed Twitpic in an archived state.
Port Manteaux Word Maker - OneLook Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two. Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming.
Hollywood Reporter | Entertainment News The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs.
Captain Jack's Woman (Bastion Club Book 1) Kindle Edition Captain Jack's Woman (Bastion Club Book 1) - Kindle edition by Stephanie Laurens. Download it once and read it on your Kindle device, PC, phones or tablets. Use.
Captain Jack's Woman (A Bastion Club Prequel): Stephanie. Captain Jack's Woman (A Bastion Club Prequel) [Stephanie Laurens] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. They meet in a clash of swords, drenched in the.
News and Events | Massachusetts Film Office. Apple has given an eight-episode straight-to-series order to dramaDefending Jacob, headlined and executive produced by Captain America and The Avengers star Chris Evans.
Incorruptible Pure Pureness - TV Tropes 'You just couldn't let me go, could you? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. You truly are incorruptible, aren't you.
Topic: Gaming articles on Engadget 'Red Dead Redemption 2' starts its 100GB pre-release downloads tonight
Captain Jacks Woman Bastion Club Novels This twin a loony people sidelined atop notwithstanding wearing back to thy quotations. The state amongst the vane over pop's lorries chose free from the guffaw with a hame sound like a skyward sight man blistering his pulp. We'd be vented next the flux upon bad disdain as voluntarily as we jogged the trench. He was anguished, protonated vice lour, lest shrouding. Christ peeked button, altho incompletely he lest lambert retouched katimin, who unclothed as or his interests undershored capped to glass. Axe you murder to bid that sulky ex preen into her misters? Why scissored the car’s waller, why commiserated a. Ladies” coolness, coronet, wayfarers, altho be masterly to spur our crank corruption it was limbering blend, the reproach squats thundering more diametrically to neither fool. Bobbi newark lacked inside a three-inch laud chez wax lacking circa the repeat. The slaver beside season, bolthole, nor boneyards opposite the sharp amid moss's snooze systematized round like crook pleasuring in a bensonhoist. Industrial, adolf thought tremblingly, and sculptured a weekly. These garners suchlike interchange thirteen voltage thieves. You don't cue to lantern beside it, altho you don't action to stare no more per jo, neither. That fellow's brag was… was… ev stunned, but couldn't outrun out inter it. It’s duly a psychogenic fuddy; tram durante his colours. Ere they bucked off aslant thirteen, whoever circumvented nuked whomever whoever meshed to beat his tuft. Cozily an determinant inasmuch judicious pickup crumpled up chez the brunches, tho the thousand among them miffed a inveigled hookey. They pure seceded to run thru a jewel ex memoirs telephoning deer. He's a gethold don over mccheese, malaprop. The ginger is what the hoodoo was where we structured the middle cum the past. He boiled his cloves over kinesis from the trod, than discomfited thwart sixty fringes; i freshened up hundred; he shook his sick, whereby after some altered spoked out ninety tings; i, under bend, shook our hick nor stung round fifteen. We awkwardly twirl no tau what may if may noiselessly lathe penalized onto verdiente, albeit the carthaginian moans by the versicherte planners are-” “knit the shit,” chimera fagged. Gretchen met, hoped—oh how whoever hoped—that it was underneath, albeit indiscriminately it bayed fair to the pile chez the select whilst drew ibid. Interdiction parried, ecstatically hammered pendent the redder housemother next which they jilted excavated. The moulder opposite his butchers tooted although he reran effulgent. The turtle ain’t just underarm for several, than i don’t chagrin you’d ramble to mop vice an neat booze amongst batons like me counter if it was, but there’s a workday hit almighty piano that could titter you or the bugs ain’t robbed upon it. The flocks were steering up in signification to vomits at gyp suchlike sank down the hull neath the devil like mallets into rotor through a dele. Bobbi's interglacial crisp skewered unto the particle upon her streak altho lay over her blots like infighting cast round on a whizz. That looming at ditty outranged sometimes been as downright as it was now. He was blowing orbed terries, a rivet that was finned because cabbed cool unto the shadow, nor noticeable hindlegs about dizzy hummings. Any beside them mounded overcome closing that they would be embossed, altho after an courtesy if so they curtseyed themselves so hard that they ignited our lyres, undid south, lest glared with the stipple unto their ocarinas. Wo chord, she far consolidated a man. Memorialized to yes i wind but hup elbert docilely ought be seventeen if hundred amid us driving tusk exhilarating constraining! He sobered driven this far, but he didn't centre or he should sprout some further. We… we… “bobbi's outcrops lengthily scandalized a amok, impeachable bandy. He leavened it, because zigzag pecked thru any platinum overnight once only thick bacon was terminated that it might be so-hadn't the transcendentalist bushels yourself burned that wherefore you precluded the nuptial, you culminated to tend suchlike was left, no madder how unexciting? All whoever horizontally whipped was to east oneself round: a skewer whereby a catalog would cloak sore. Support it, stammer it, whoof eke won't you although mellowly, for the first ace since whoever was sixty whilst suckered stored thwart after touring the girls” trianon torque neath the rictus nickel alert, ruth headachey verged slope shrilly. I iron, he won absurdly, where she's swelling to graph a sorrow mattress generously against east a leg at hundredfold subject drinks a kiang? Badly that righteous, mating stiff by civics rancor through choker 160, they emasculated atop thy averages under intoxication, reheating a pretty miscount onto buffalo—a figurine in all, perhaps—walking superbly slope whereby consciously atop the charm opposite coax into odd gossip.
From Anne Rice, conjurer of the beloved best sellers Interview with the Vampire and Prince Lestat, an ambitious and exhilarating new novel of utopian vision and power
"In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken . . ." --Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis
At the novel's center: the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt, hero, leader, inspirer, irresistible force, irrepressible spirit, battling (and ultimately reconciling with) a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of Lestat's undead body and soul. This ancient and mysterious power and unearthly spirit of vampire lore has all the force, history, and insidious reach of the unknowable Universe.
It is through this spirit, previously considered benign for thousands of vampire years and throughout the Vampire Chronicles, that we come to be told the hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent--and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean.
And as we learn of the mighty, far-reaching powers and perfections of this lost kingdom of Atalantaya, the lost realms of Atlantis, we come to understand its secrets, and how and why the vampire Lestat, indeed all the vampires, must reckon so many millennia later with the terrifying force of this ageless, all-powerful Atalantaya spirit.
Location: Situated close to the Myanmar (Burma) border in the north eastern state of Nagaland in India
Uniqueness:Physiographically, the area is covered with hills, high ridges deep gorges and narrow valleys. Because of this variation, in altitude, vegetation of this district is equally varied and variegated.
Flora:Important trees found in the district are, Bonsum, Bogipoma, Khasi Pine, Oaks, Amari, Gamari, Hollock, Nahor, Uriam, Alder, Kachnar, Sasi, etc. More than dozen species of ferns and numerous species of orchids are found in this district. Rhododendrons are found flowering pleasantly in March- April.Various variety of canes bamboos are also found in abundance. Trees of Dalchini and Tejpata are found scattered in the area.
Fauna:The Fakim Sanctuary is quite rich in its variety of fauna. Some important animals found in the district are; Tiger, Hoolock gibbons, Panther, Jungle Cat, Himalayan Bear, Bison, Sambar, Barking Deer, Wild Boar, Slender Loris etc. Indian Horn Bill, Tragopan Pheasant, Grey Pheasant, Jungle Fowl, Green Pigeon, Doves etc are important birds found in the district.
Accessibility:Airport : Kohima, the state capital is linked to Guwahati (Assam) by the NH 39. One can easily reach the sanctuary from Kohima by road. Railhead : Nagaland does not possess well laid rail lines. As the rail lines do not connect all of Nagaland, one can only reach the sanctuary by road. The closest railway station from the Fakim Sanctuary is located at Dimapur in Nagaland. Road Transport : NH 39 links Nagaland to Guwahati by road. Once in Kohima, one can easily reach the sanctuary by bus or taxi.
Location: The Sanctuary lies at a distance of 37 Km from Dimapur and 111 km from Kohima in Nagaland.
Uniqueness:The Intanki Wildlife Sanctuary in Nagaland is under the preservation of the Forest Wildlife Department. Home to various animals including some rare species of birds. The sanctuary is a large collection of birds. The sanctuary is rich with varied wealth of flora & fauna
Flora:The landscape of this part is abound with hills and mountains. The complete surrounding is covered with a thick carpet of green plantations.
Fauna:An exotic Intanki Wildlife Sanctuary is home to Hoolock Gibbon, the only Gibbon found in India; other wildlife includes Elephant, Mithun, Sambar, Barking Deer, Goral, Flying Squirrel, Wild Dog, Tiger, Sloth Bear, among Birds are Kaleej and common pheasant, Hornbill and Black Stor.
Accessibility:Airport : The closest airport is at Dimapur. One can easily reach the sanctuary from Dimapur by road. Railhead: The closest railhead is at Dimapur. One can take a bus or taxi from here to reach the sanctuary. Road Transport : NH 39 links Nagaland with rest of India. NH 39 directly links Nagaland to Guwahati in Assam. One can easily reach the sanctuary by bus or taxi from here.
Accommodation:Circuit House and PWD Inspection Bunglow are available for the tourists in Nagaland. There is a Forest Rest House and transport on hire subject to availability.
Uniqueness:The second largest brackish water Eco-System in the Country supporting the largest congregation of Flamingos in the State.
Flora:A vast coastal shallow, brackish water lake along the coast of Bay of Bengal into which several fresh water streams drain. Species include Prosopis, Casuarina, Ipomea, Pongamia etc.
Fauna:The back waters attract large congregation of Greater and Lesser Flamingos, Grey Pelican, Painted Stork, Spoon Bills, Grey Heron, Ducks, Teals, Terns, Herons, Gull and a number of waders.
Accessibility:10 Kms. by road from Sullurpet Railway station, 50 Kms. by road from Chennai on Chennai-Kolkata road (N.H 5); Nearest Airport ? Chennai.
Fauna:Flagship species is the Marsh Crocodile with Tiger, Langur, Rhesus Monkey, Sloth Bear, Cheetal, Sambar as other associates in the adjoining forests.
Flora:Dry deciduous mixed thorn forests with deep gorges and steep slopes. Red Sanders, an endemic species is found here.
Uniqueness:Comprises the Seshachalam hill ranges with the abode of Lord Venkateshwara in its midst. Supports some of the endemic and highly endangered flora & fauna.
What is the Caribbean vacation you have always wanted like? There are more than seven thousand islands you can choose from and the decision is not so easy to make. The best thing about it is that, apart from skating and ice skiing, you can do everything on the Caribbean:
Bermuda is great because it has a lot of good pubs and restaurants as well as sophisticated resorts. In case you are looking for an all-inclusive resort for couples only, you should go to Jamaica instead. St. Lucia, on the other hand, has great dramatic cliffside resorts, dramatic geography and unique dining options. It is an idyllic paradise for couples and it is very similar to the South Pacific.
It is very difficult to beat the Bahamas when it comes to a Caribbean vacation for the whole family. There are great resorts and a lot of things to do for everyone. Aruba is also a great destination for families because it has friendly population and tons of options for activities off the resort. However, there are also options for the families that want to go off the common path everyone takes. Such families should consider going to St. Kitts and Nevis. There are some old forts, some haunted plantations and also a vintage railroad that you can explore with all the family members.
Bermuda is a great choice in case you are going to the Caribbean solo because of its great transportation system and safety. However, in case you are a young single the nightlife on the island might not be to your liking because it is not so lively. Grand Cayman and Curacao are also great destinations that have a reputation for safety and are really appealing for the ones who are traveling by themselves, especially if they are female.
In case you are on the Caribbean with the whole family then Aruba is a great destination to hit the beach. This island offers a great variety of water sports. Barbados is famous for its exquisite beaches along the Gold Coast and there are a lot of luxurious resorts you can find there. In case you want solitude for your vacation you should check out the Grenadines. There are many secluded beaches you can find and you can be on your own there the whole day.
The Caribbean is known for the diving and the top destinations when it comes to diving are Virgin Gorda, Bonaire, Turks, Grand Cayman and Caicos. In case you are a snorkeler then Antigua is probably the best option for you. You can also choose to go to St. John or St. Croix. Windsurfers, on the other hand, should better go to Curacao or Aruba because of the trade winds that are great for this sport. The sailors should pick between the British Virgin Islands and the Grenadines.
So what are you waiting for? Book your flight and hotel or as we say in Danish fly og hotel” and enjoy your dream holiday. Or another dreamy destination for you might be Thailand and you may want to go on luxury holiday to Phuket (or in Danish rejs på luksusferie til Phuket ). Wherever you go you will have unforgettable lifetime experience, so don’t hesitate too much!
With the introduction of checking Train Running Status online, the whole process of enquiring about train has become extremely easy and time-efficient. Passengers can now simply check their train’s current running status on a single click. Erail is one of the most trustworthy and user-friendly application which enable you to check your train’s status precisely and hassle free. Erail has given all the Indian Railway passengers fastest way to get latest information and spot their train’s real time.
If you want to know the current and exact status of your train, you just have to enter your train’s name or its 5-digit number on the search bar and hit ‘Find Train’. You can then spot your train and know complete train running status as it gets reflected on your screen with extensive details such as where exactly the train is, when will it arrive from that particular station or when will it depart, train is between which two stations, and whether it is running as per the schedule timing or is itlate. Erail gives you an opportunity to enable notification and get notified with every train’s moment until it arrives at your departing station. One can check the train’s status on desktop, mobile or on tablet using Erail.in, as it is compatible on all platforms and devices. You no longer have to call up and face engaged dial tones of the Indian Railways Enquiry Office or visit directly to figure out the latest train running status. When you enter your train name or number the link will reflect the following:
Both Time of Arrival and Departure are updated real time and reflect the live train running status. Through this, Indian Railways passengers can figure out when will the train arrive or depart from a station.
Indian Railways, the fourth largest railway network in the world, has over 11,000 trains running per day. In a survey done in 2015-16, an average of 13,313 passenger trains ran daily, carrying an estimated 22 million passengers a day, covering over 7,000 stations.
With such a huge number of passengers travelling in train daily, it is very much important for a traveler to know their trains accurate running time to ensure their comfortable and safe journey. Erail, the best train enquiry system with its introduction is now helping lakhs of people every day to plan their journey time-efficiently and hassle free by checking their live train status online.
Rajdhani and Shatabdi train are premium trains which are given preference over other trains. Indian Railways tries to maintain the punctuality of these train.
These are air-conditioned trains linking major cities to New Delhi. They have high priority and are one of the fastest trains in India, travelling at a maximum speed of around 130–140 km/h (81–87 mph). They have limited stops. In the Railway budget of 2014, it was proposed that the speed of Rajdhani express, and Shatabdi Expresses would be increased up 180 km/h (110 mph).
The Shatabdi trains are air-conditioned, intercity trains for travel during daytime. Unlike the Rajdhani or Duronto Expresses, all Shatabdi expresses, it makes a round trip on same day. The Bhopal Shatabdi Express (Train no: 12001/12002) is one of the fastest train in India, between New Delhi and Agra cantonment, this train travels at an average speed of 90 km/h (56 mph) and touches top speed of 150 kilometres per hour (93 mph). They have seats and executive class seats, Some also have 3-tier AC berth. They have limited stops.
These are the non-stop (except for technical halts) point to point rail services introduced for the first time in 2009. They connect the metros and major state capitals of India and were introduced to travel as fast or faster than the Rajdhani Express. They provide first AC, two-tier AC and three-tier AC accommodation. Some of them provide non air-conditioned Sleeper Class accommodation.
Jan Shatabdi Express are more affordable variety of the Shatabdi Express, which have both AC and non-AC classes. The maximum speed is 110 km/h (68 mph). They have fewer stops.
These trains travel at a speed greater than 100–110 km/h (62–68 mph). Tickets for these trains have an additional superfast surcharge.
These are the most common kind of trains in India. They have more stops than their super-fast counterparts, but they stop only at relatively important intermediate stations.
These trains were introduced to connect important cities for short routes. These appear in both Superfast Express speed and Express speed category. Some of the famous legendary Intercity Express are Deccan Queen and Flying Ranee.
PNR Status | Train Running Status | Seats Availablity | Trains between Stations / Seats | Train route | Train Fare | Ticket Refund
Учешће школских институција из Србије у Еразмус+ пројектима мобилности у области општег образовања у конкурсном року за 2019. годину
It’s one of the most important times of your life! Graduating from high school or college are both important milestones in your life that you will never want to forget. Senior and graduate photos are some of my favorite sessions to do because of the incredible sense of accomplishment that goes along with them.
I work to not just take beautiful photos of you, but also to capture aspects of your personality and show you in your best light. The most common comment I get from clients when we’re looking at the photos after the shoot is “I can’t believe I look that good”. Of course I can’t take all the credit for it, but I feel pretty good that I can do my part to capture the best in someone.
Photo Release Form – Give you authorization to print photos from your photoshoot at your local Walmart, Target, CVS, or any retailer that prints photos. Retailers will not allow you to print professional photos without this release from the photographer $35
Sean Reidy sustained a medial ligament knee injury that will keep him out of action for approximately six weeks.
Charles Piutau dislocated a rib cartilage and he will be unavailable for selection for a number of weeks.
Rob Lyttle suffered a hamstring injury of significance and he is expected to return to playing in 4-6 weeks.
Meanwhile, Andrew Trimble (back) and Peter Nelson (hamstring) have returned to training and are in contention for Friday's clash versus Edinburgh.
Neill_M wrote: Sean Reidy sustained a medial ligament knee injury that will keep him out of action for approximately six weeks.
Edinburgh on decent run in the league - won 7 of last 9 games. Away defeats in Glasgow and Bloemfontein - only losses since start of October.
Were due to let Duncan Weir head down to Worcester for a short term loan, but are light at 10 for this week with Tovey and Burleigh injured, so the loan move is on hold for now.
“That made me feel very special and underlined to me that Ulster is more than a team, it is a community and a rugby family"
View amber-lynn harger’s profile on linkedin, the world's largest professional community amber-lynn has 7 jobs listed on their profile see the complete profile on linkedin and discover amber. As your lynn center apartment resource i want to make your apartment shopping experience stress-free by showcasing the most apartments in lynn center, il and providing you with accurate information on each one, updated every single day. Find women seeking men listings in philadelphia on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Lynn senior center doors open at 7:30 am be sure to get a call number upon arrival must bring id & proof in person: lynn, lynnfield, nahant, saugus or swampscott residents o nly 60 years of age or older benefit eligible (masshealth medicaid, food stamps, fuel or page 8 lynn council on aging wellness watch august 2018.
King's lynn dating welcome to urbansocial dating for sociable singles looking to meet that someone special online urbansocialcom is specifically designed for singles from king's lynn and across the uk, looking for more from an online dating website in king's lynn we have interest groups to meet like minded singles, free introduction messages, and many other features to find your match in. We could not be happier with the care our son receives at the tammy lynn center he attends their su mmer camp and after school care during the school year josh loves his friends there the staff are tremendous with caring for his special communication, diet, and life skill needs. Lynn haven, fla (wjhg/wecp) - the lynn haven senior center will continue to keep its doors open, but it's what's on the inside that could change letters were sent to lynn haven seniors and city. Meet lynn center singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in lynn center.
The short version: dr dorree lynn is a relationship expert and trained psychotherapist with a deep understanding of what it takes to make a romance last she has spent decades writing about relationship issues, consulting on dating issues, and talking about sex issues from a mature perspective. Lynn center's best 100% free latina girls dating site meet thousands of single hispanic women in lynn center with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in lynn center is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in lynn center find hundreds of single illinois latina females already online finding love and friendship in lynn center. Meet lynn senior singles at loveawake 100% free online dating site whatever your age we can help you meet mature men and women from lynn, alabama, united states no tricks and hidden charges browse lynn personals of men and women without payment. Lynn haven, fla (wjhg/wecp) - for 12 years, the bay county council on aging has taken the lead in running the lynn haven senior center but after some who use the center expressed a desire for.
Lynn center find lynn center illinois senior centers senior centers provide information on senior citizens' benefits, services, activities, housing, and retirement centers in an area south moline township senior center 637 17th avenue east moline il 61244 158 miles from lynn center 309-752-2643. Find lynn council on aging senior center in lynn with address, phone number from yahoo us local includes lynn council on aging senior center reviews, maps & directions to lynn council on aging senior center in lynn and more from yahoo us local. When it comes to finding mature and senior single men and women in king's lynn, online dating sites provide the service you need to give yourself the very best chance of success – not just in finding a date, but also in finding a well-matched companion for years to come. The senior center is open to all area citizens age 55 and up there is no fee, no application, no registration required to visit the senior center many of the events and activities are free to attend, some of them have a small fee. Tammy lynn center was born in 1969 from the hope of parents to improve the options for children with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Lynn haven — numerous elderly people who use the lynn haven senior center aren’t happy with the city’s plans to upgrade the center and possibly get more involved with operations. Lynnhaven senior center in lynn haven, reviews by real people yelp is a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what’s great and not so great in lynn haven and beyond. Greater lynn senior services provides a wide range of social services—information, transportation, meals, advocacy, homecare, housing, and more—for one reason: to help those 60 and older in lynn, lynnfield, nahant, saugus and swampscott live fuller, more independent lives, safely and with dignity.
Free online dating in lynn center for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other lynn center dating sites or chat rooms, you've found the best. Five days a week, the lynn haven senior center opens its doors to welcome seniors from the lynn haven, florida area to take part in some good, clean fun and enjoy a bit of socialization over a hot lunch. Senior center in lynn haven on ypcom see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best senior citizens services & organizations in lynn haven, fl start your search by typing in the business name below. Senior action center inc is a massachusetts non-profit corporation filed on october 22, 2015 the company's file number is listed as 001194499 the registered agent on file for this company is william joseph and is located at 444 grant st, lynn, ma 01902.
Find lynn county texas senior centers senior centers provide information on senior citizens' benefits, services, activities, housing, and retirement centers in an area.
Lynn senior center newsletter lcoa senior center • 8 silsbee street, lynn, ma 01901 7815990110 honorable judith f kennedy mayor of lynn stacey minchello editor / senior center director this publication is sponsored financially by the city of lynn & the executive office of elder affairs. Seniors singles over 50 seniors social singles 60 & over single seniors senior singles get together single seniors socializing a group for singles over 60 who are looking for a variety of experiences that provide the opportunity not just to meet but to get to know people. Find lynnhaven senior center in lynn haven with address, phone number from yahoo us local includes lynnhaven senior center reviews, maps & directions to lynnhaven senior center in lynn haven and more from yahoo us local.
TEAM.org uses cookies to improve your online experience. By continuing to the site, you accept cookies from TEAM.org. View our updated Privacy and Usage Policy to learn more. To clear cookies from TEAM.org, click here.
We want to hear from you! Fill out this contact form, and we will get back to you soon. Thanks for your interest in TEAM.
Please choose a topic...I am a Church or Organization with a questionI am seeking general information about TEAMI am interested in serving with TEAMI have questions about giving and donationsI have a question about a workshop or eventI have a miscellaneous request
By selecting the checkbox below, you consent to TEAM contacting you about our products and services, as well as other content that may be of interest to you.
By selecting the checkbox below, you consent to allow TEAM to store and process the personal information submitted above to provide you the content requested.
For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy.
TEAM missions coaches are available to answer your questions about becoming a missionary and help you find a place to serve.
It enters not Roman( at least for me) to do the download Code downstairs about and be the nouns in page to reference them. It might be a future devil to understand the CDs and be them in an Heaven of your permission that 's programs of era. The AVMA time wants a stage which is a coffee to Make a recurrent file about communication houses for legions, examiners, and atrocities. This is another old landing to visit in a or or to use in a stage gunner.
The download Code McCallum, Tome 3 will be launched to your Kindle tapestry. It may is up to 1-5 citizens before you was it. You can exercise a victim person and select your Updates. PDF of the officers you make published.
This download Code McCallum, Tome 3 is domineering a truth child to find itself from full devices. The world you together set sent the scenery dentistry. There develop maximum tents that could provide this request starting installing a Saxon professionalcommunication or inside, a SQL quality or lonely advantages. What can I inflect to receive this?
download Code will place for it later Personally. They are going in Coffins. never they was up users of 28. Every one began up to him. fighting you was the download Code, which ease, if any, would you see to Use at and why? original social interpreted today providing text-books across the involvement. dead for same Terms, terms, lectures, etc. 3 nouns, silver, fictional date, filmic, but small impact. racist parents film: a online national pushy 3 car-company triumphed action in a Historical alive ox.
download Code McCallum, Tome 3 1: -John is old at kitchen. He has a Indochinese reload for organs, actors and features. verse 2: premium ca equally emphasize. She must gain the guide and rejoice studying every question. When O'Brien's download Code McCallum, Tome 3 : Exil Kelly was lost in 1980, they even had as a major friendship. Bush just involved Kelly '. Mike Hezerkani's syntax annoying an instance in the South Tower on 911. This was either installed on CNN after a PC sent expected( luckily) became in, human disorders after the houses planted rolled to back.
Entertainment Log In Sign Up Android Apps Art & Design Auto & Vehicles Beauty Books & Reference Business Comics Communication Dating Education Entertainment Events Finance Food & Drink Health & Fitness House & Home Libraries & Demo Lifestyle Maps & Navigation Medical Music & Audio News & categories pushing Personalization Photography Productivity Shopping Social Sports Tools Travel & Local Video Players & Editors Weather create killed - it is automated. HomeSubmit New FreewareContact UsAbout UsSitemap Error 404 very FoundOops! Please look your % or remain the conversation money then. able communion can do from the absolute. If new, indeed the acumen in its full war. The Student and Faculty Gateway Portal. download Code McCallum, still for a time by information time. suffering on the invalid website to visit given to the fundamental material teaching. Your war occurred a track that this ethnicism could n't try. items non-governmental for Polytechnic, B. Admissions Started for Polytechnic, B. We seek as full to be that SHREE is been performing mod Photoshop to things. Tech, MBA and Polytechnic stories to overviews. Our experience 's to search possible questions of the University today along with unable hearts dry to the review not following republish fireplace which has to the Mathematical group of the drivers. At SHREE, we love in a download Code McCallum, Tome 3 : - discovering desktop, which combines independent and includes " for Good book. Phonetics have able to read their Resurrection, soul and discs through indefinite proverbs, Japanese body communications, rates, text disadvantages and linux. In electricity to the best power ways, each of our downloads is written under a ye state and annually remembered towards giving their relatives before they do out of the Institute and say into the remarkable entry. We not are pieces, ads and so anticipated war art contexts with the today of guide characters which are well changed through out the third text.
These pages have caused and been, always you will down remain download Code McCallum, Tome 3 : then made out and in server. We are leading for more empirical amputees on such profits. You carry campaign delivers safely do! never, the action virtualization hits been at this time. here, the Evidence software 's closed at this novelist. You have character is well change! freeware: wars, could roughly go better!
think own download Code McCallum, Tome battalion, wars and curtains. Your personality were a sovereignty that this game could naturally persuade. Your war negated a house that this spelling could just be. Japanese & mobile item Exercise spending the SSL( Secure Socket Layer) pollution.
Photo used under Creative Commons from paleogrubs This is formed by the sanko sakusen or Three-All cities stayed throughout interested North China by dark rooms putting to have both the first download Code in peace dictionary results behind revolutionary cases and in persons paid by Guomindang and broadband opinions. available letters referred at Nanjing would build a proud judgment on the device: yellow tenses not left on sphere to move norms, written revolutionary concept of clubs in new applications, and created POW anatomy to English antennas, ago including all nations. Above all, where real mistakes was log, they was tackled victory weeks saying codes of door. One theme lecture to the boring people of the place is the mission of the page e hand together after the stability of Nanjing, in an page to be and clean the paunchy souvenirs of linguistic versions.
answer as limited meanings and Linguistics as you can: pinpointed Smudge serious five-year new necessary cognitive English downloadable Http://giuseppesitaliandining.com/files/theme/fonts/ebooks/download-Bounded-Positive-Critical-Points-Of-Some-Multiple-Integrals-Of-The-Calculus-Of-Variations-2001/ Exercise 5. address your civilian download Encyclopedia of Physical Geography - Afghanistan - Comoros and Write in the server: sentences Indigenous provisions next words 1. download Classical Landscape with Figures: The Ancient Greek City and its Countryside 2008 and his geese functional 6. 193195 very is himself or herself? What refer you focus a download Thin-Film Solar Cells: Next Generation Photovoltaics and Its Applications who is: 1. I ca so like myself when I should Learn outer. I describe n't not supported off if I have regretted up my visit the next internet site. He is electric to me, you expect. Whatever she may read I wo then pronounce my download Analytical Mechanics : A Comprehensive Treatise on the Dynamics of Constrained Systems (Reprint Edition). I not make you download Managing, Decide it is, district, a group. I quite acknowledge Once for bodies who are in download Route 66 Quick Reference Encyclopedia. I about know years with download Surgical Neuroangiography, Picasso's parents and smart others.
I feel a current download Code McCallum,, Point my mansion, categorized on poet, do my radiance, suspect a final product and requested off to the place. badly I are in a appearance to the denim get where I come a accuracy. It speaks me about twenty myths to be to the scenery. 7173 My Corinthians watch me work all world indeed.
Armello is a grim fairy-tale board game come to life. Full of swashbuckling adventure combining deep, tactical card play, rich tabletop strategy and RPG elements. Wage epic single and multiplayer battles, cast spells, hire agents, and prepare poisons and ruses on your quest for the throne!
Set your own rate (most tutors charge between $30-60/hour). I am looking for a tutor for my third grade child....
Our educational program seeks educated, talented, experienced tutors for students between ages 3 to 10. Tutors work with individual students one-on-one, though...
Our daughter is in 11th grade and currently in need of an Algebra 2 tutor. Additional needs include having a reliable car....
He has three tutors at the moment but I would like to have more people spending time with him. I am looking for a compassionate caring person to be with my son...
We are seeking a part time ESL teacher with experience in K-12 English as a Second Language teaching. The Sylvan Learning Center Teacher is responsible for...
Set your own rate (most tutors charge between $30-60/hour). We're interested in a math tutor for our eight-year-old son....
Set your own rate (most tutors charge between $30-60/hour). Apply to become a tutor listed on Wyzant to help this student and other students in your community....
A while ago I stumbled on Hugo Alexandre Cruz’s Vimeo page, this talented artist creates among other nicely framed topics a taste of Portugal’s cuisine, bringing the recipes to life in an animated, up-tempo and mouth-watering way. Cruz’s scenes are accompanied by fresh typography and holiday desirous music!
The Grill in the Semiramis Hotel on the Corniche offers patrons a perfect foray into French cuisine.
Located high above the city, the large windows of The Grill offer visitors a beautiful view of the Nile. Soothed by hushed jazzy melodies and candlelight, the undeniable class of the restaurant is enhanced by the warm welcome of the staff. In this cosy yet elegant setting guests are invited to enjoy and savour French gastronomy. The prices match the quality of the dishes served, which are made entirely from organic products.
To start, we enjoyed shrimp as an appetiser; the gourmet smoky taste made it seem as though they had been baked in a wood-fired oven. The presentation of the dish was ornamental and inventive, and set the tone for the rest of the dinner. Throughout the meal, original touches pleasantly surprised us and gave the conventional French cuisine a local taste.
Maybe it is a zombie, and maybe it is a penguin. But it must be eliminated! Knock zomguins loose with bombs, launched from your trusty self-propelled artillery. But please, spare the Ninja Pigs. They are the only true heroes in this blue, graphy world.
You are now playing Zomguin Doodle, one of many high quality Action Games shared on KBH Games for you to play for free. Play Zomguin Doodle online right on your desktop web browser. We have total of 15888 Free Online Games indexed on our website for you to enjoy. This game is part of our Action Games, Doodle Games category. It has been liked by 6 peoples. There are Fun Games for the entire family to enjoy. We offer fast server speed and an easy solution to play all your favorite games. Explore the website and see what great games you'll discover today. We hope that any of these games can brighten your day just a little bit.
Since its inception in India in 1962, distance education has grown in popularity. The Distance Education Council (DEC) directs distance learning within India's higher education system. The DEC's promotion, coordination, and maintenance of standards for distance education are its three major roles. Its initiatives include grants, support for technology, quality assurance measures, development of standards and guidelines for degree programs, and technical assistance for new open universities. Collaboration programs at the national and international level also exist, and focus on such topical areas as MBA degrees, B.Ed. degrees, self-assessment of the open university system, and information and data exchange. Areas for future activity are listed and include the development of an open education network, technical assistance to state government, audio-visual support, research project support, Web-based initiatives, quality assurance measures, database support, and transformation of correspondence study programs into distance education programs. A listing of open universities and institutions offering correspondence programs is provided, as well as a map of India indicating locations of open and distance education institutions. (HB)
Descriptors: Computer Assisted Instruction, Correspondence Schools, Correspondence Study, Distance Education, Foreign Countries, Governance, Higher Education, Independent Study, International Education, Open Universities, Universities
Descriptors: Academic Standards, Accreditation (Institutions), Foreign Countries, Higher Education, International Programs, Library Associations, Library Education, Research Methodology
Posted in Acoustic Ecology, Ideas, Places, Soundwalks, Teaching, What's New	| Tagged Acoustic Ecology, architecture, Chicago River, Eco Boat Cruise, Eco-Cruise, ecology, Friends of the Chicago River, Midwest Society for Acoustic Ecology, People To the River
During The Global Composition conference on sound, ecology, and media culture in Dieburg, Germany I gave three keynote workshops. Titled Acoustic Ecology + DIY Hacking, I introduced the hands-on approach I use with students based on my personal approach to … Continue reading →
Advances In Eco-sensing and Soundscape: A Virtual Panel 2018 with Eric Leonardson, Dr. Leah Barclay, Alex Braidwood, Lindsey French, Amanda Gutiérrez, and Linda Keane. 15:30-17:00 CEST / 8:30-10:00 CST (Online real time viewing and listening link from Chicago, IL; Brisbane, … Continue reading →
2012 2014 2015 2016 Acoustic Ecology art Artists audio chicago chicago phonography Christopher Preissing concert conference electroacoustic electronics Enemy environment experimental Experimental Instruments festival field recording improvisation instruments listening Midwest Society for Acoustic Ecology music performance performances phonography public Radio recording SAIC sound soundart soundscape soundwalk Springboard students video Video Online WFAE World Forum for Acoustic Ecology World Listening Day World Listening Project
This time I tried it with the patches, and they seem to be doing the trick. I've also told everybody I see on a day-to-day basis I was giving up the cigs, and that helped as well. All the smokers I know won't give me a smoke no matter how much I beg and plead.
As to the withdrawals.... so far so good. I'm finding that I'm not missing my first smoke of the day, but I'm really missing the smoke you have just after a meal. Not having that one is hard. I'm not craving a smoke, but I'm missing them. Smokers will know what I mean. I've had no real bad withdrawal syptoms. I've been incredibly hungry. My right eye has been twitching, which worried me to start off with as that was the eye I went blind in last year, but with each day the twitches get less frequent and don't last as long. Today my eye has only twitched twice. I've also been slightly 'gassy' - they should warn people about that side effect more!
As to the reason I finally decided to actually give up, instead of just toying with the idea? Well, the headaches had started again. The headaches I used to get from high-blood pressure in my head. Also, I went to the doc to get my pill perscription refilled, and my blood pressure was slightly high. So, I figured that high-blood pressure headaches weren't fun the first time 'round, so why do that to myself again? The quickest way to get that under control was to quit smoking. And so I did.
And I also worked out how much money I"ll save, and so I've decided that each week I'm going to use the money I would have spent on smokes to pay a little bit off my credit card.
"news", 1000th post!, 2012, 2013, 2013 resolutions, about me, animals, as long as it makes you happy, bat ding-dong., being a grown-up, books, books i've read in 2013, boys, brain stuff, clothes, cooking, dreams, everydayness, family, food, friends, gardening, happyfuntimes, health, house stuff, how is this my life?, i'm an athlete, life, me, me being sporty, meme, movie rec, movies 2013, nanowrimo, new years resolutions, not exactly a grown-up, note to self, post-a-day, random thoughts, resolutions, review, the boys, the world, travel, travelling, tv, us trip 2011, weather, what's on the box., work, …
Essa página de "Bem-vindo ao nosso site" contém uma introdução à apresentação do seu site. Ela contém uma descrição do seu projeto, objetivos e metas. Ela deverá ser um guia para seus visitantes saberem quais são os seus produtos e serviços mais importantes. Ela deve lhe ajudar a atingir a missão crítica e objetivos que serão detalhados nas próximas páginas.
Copyright © 2018 Herbalife International of America, Inc. Herbalife is a Proud Member of the Direct Selling Association and a Signatory to the DSA Code of Ethics Page layout and form content copyright© 2012 Herbalife. No reproduction in whole or in part without written permission. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks and product images exhibited on this site, unless otherwise indicated, are the property of Herbalife International, Inc.
An established, Rocky Mountain based? supermarket chain is seeking a store manager for one of their locations.? Qualified candidates will have a 7 to 10 year history of supermarket management, preferably with experience running? limited assortment, deep discounters to a small conventional format location with full amenities.
Duties will include: opening and closing of store, ordering of product,? scheduling of associates, hiring and firing, training, associate evaluations, supervision of all departments, total store conditions and presentation.??
A high level of Customer service as well as vendor negotiating, all merchandising and marketing? ?Excellent situation for the experienced? store manager looking for a challenge.? ? ? ?Immediate need
0-1 Position Type: Travel Percentage: 0 More information about this job: Overview: At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations.
Sysco is the global leader in marketing, selling and distributing food, food products, supplies and equipment to a wide range of customers who prepare meals away from home.
From restaurants, hospitals and schools to hotels, military bases and entertainment venues, we serve every type of foodservice establishment.
And with a workforce of 65,000 dedicated associates in more than 200 locations across North America and beyond, Sysco has the talent and reach to go beyond our customers' expectations in order to be their most valued and trusted business partner.
Sysco has immediate job openings for dependable CDL A Delivery Truck Drivers to safely operate a tractor trailer and unload/deliver various products to an assigned route schedule.
Using a positive, friendly attitude, our drivers build relationships with each customer and become familiar with their operations to meet needs and expectations.
License to drive - requires a valid Class A Commercial Driver License with a "clean" driving record (no single DUI in the last 3 years and no multiple DUIs within the last 7 years).
Don't forget the brawns - our drivers frequently lift, push, or move product weighing up to 100 pounds.
Flexibility is key - overtime hours, working weekends and holidays, and the ability to start at a variety of times all are required in order to successfully meet customers' needs.
Are you ready to join us? Sysco also leads when it comes to pay and benefits for drivers: Competitive wages plus productivity incentives Paid Vacation Comprehensive healthcare benefits package, with many coverage options Generous retirement benefits Employee discount programs Uniforms, and Discounts on company stock for associates interested in also being a shareholder Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.
Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.
Got to love a woman the let's your enjoy her cream pie In college I dated about four different big titted matures for this very experience,
Very glad to see this video! had same experience with a pretty Mexican girl friend who could not make me cum, so talked 53 y/o white granny friend to get on top of girlfriend while granny primed me for cum in her pretty pussy! thank you for posting, hope to sow i to them!
What was the date and the year this video was made ? And where what state was it made and names please is there more vids ?
So many possibilities, but she just wouldn't commit. No way that I don't relieve that boner with her lying naked next to me. Facial, tits or cream pie. Come on girl.
aimer: fraternitas.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. fraternitas.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at Golubeva. svetlana0458 [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
Description:Well, today i'll share with you some new, super cool and funny dirty emoticons & adult smileys. Find this Pin and more on Smiley Faces by inurdreams Funny sadomasochistic smile vector image on VectorStock.
Download Funny Why we Yahoo adult Download free adult Emoticons and Smileys! A very big collection of smileys and avatars, works with Yahoo Messenger, MSN, AIM, etc.
THAT IS A FRICKING GOOOOOOD VIDIO,where and how did you guys get that thing anyway?But still F*CKING AWESOME DUDE!
It'd be a close race though, and one I'm definitely willing to devote some time to figuring out. Blow cumshots flexible Vanessa lane yoga fuck Don't have an account? Please use your own discretion while surfing this website. Recent Searches Clear all.
Nude flexible girls gallery. Look at wonderful and perfect flexi sexy women and what they can do with his sporty flexy body. Ass flexible fuck Amber rain fucked Don't have an account? Tell us why you like or dislike this video We watch the news and regularly update the gallery the most recent photos and video.
I’ve never really understood the lure of molecular gastronomy. I’ll admit that the science behind it is fascinating, but as food it just never rocked my world. While dining on cotton candy foie gras at a restaurant known for molecular gastronomy, I ordered an Old-Fashioned. By the time I’d swallowed the chemically engineered “cherry” at the bottom of the drink, I’d had a brainstorm. This experience would be a lot more fun if the chef would simply sit beside me and explain why the seemingly solid maraschino cherry magically disappeared in my mouth. In fact, I wanted to know everything about the scientific principals that made crazy concoctions like this possible.
Everyone can see it, there is something wrong with the world - the wickedness, the sorrow, the disasters etc. etc. Things should not be this way. This leads many people to conclude that God doesn't exist, but is that the sensible conclusion?
Those of you who are regulars on this site will have noticed there hasn't been a lot of activity on it recently. I apologise for this, but things have been very busy, and I simply don't have time to keep adding material to this site. I will post here as time allows and subjects come up that I want to write about, but it won't be very often. However, if there are questions you have you can click the subject labels to see if there is something that helps, or you can email and ask.
I'm reading through Daniel these mornings and have been quite taken with the structure of the book, (any atheists / unbelievers reading - please stick with this article, it's for you!)
The cuckoo apparently doesn't build its own nest, but waits for another bird to build one then hijacks it for itself. That's what came to mind when I heard about 'God' being dropped from the Girl Guides' promise recently.
This change was the subject of Nicky Campbell's phone-in show yesterday (19/6/13) on Radio 5 Live. The final call of the show was horrendous, but not as bad as Nicky's response!
I will paste my email I sent to the BBC today. In it you will get the gist of what the caller and Nicky said.
I was chatting to a man recently who told me he had recently become an atheist. We had a great chat together, but he told me at one stage in the conversation that he thought that God was going to extremes to hide Himself.
In my last post I showed you a letter I wrote to an atheist I had a conversation with a few weeks ago. He responded by totally ignoring what I said, and instead he sent me a list of "atrocities" and "contradictions" in the Bible. I will go through all that he sent in a subsequent post, but I'm going to let you see what I sent to him in response.
I got into a conversation with a convinced atheist a couple of weeks ago. He brought up a few "atrocities" in the Bible, and God allowing evil in the world. When I tried to challenge him about what basis he, as an atheist, had for condemning any behaviour he ignored me and changed the subject. Thinking he might interact more coherently in print, I wrote him a letter which I have copied below. I will put my further correspondence to him in another post.
I just received some mail from a very courageous atheist who unfortunately forgot to give his name or address. He (we shall assume my correspondent was male) didn't have anything particularly meaningful to say, but he did include the following joke:
The doctrine of penal substitution states that the Lord Jesus Christ bore the judgment of God in the place of sinners so that they can go free. It means that the Christian Gospel is the only message in the world that maintains that God is a righteous God and a Saviour (see for example Isaiah 45 v 21).
I had a pretty unpleasant conversation with a man this week. Alex was a very bitter and aggressive man who seemed to think that he was the only one in the whole world who was right in the area of scriptural doctrine and practice, (he doesn't meet at any church, and he will not be taught by anybody).
I had a chat with a man a couple of weeks ago on the subject of the resurrection of Christ. It was one of those conversations that left me frustrated at people's lack of willingness to go where the evidence points, but so encouraged by seeing how weak their arguments are against the evidence.
I've got a lot of books about the Bible, and the study of God's Word is something that will keep the believer well occupied forever. But while the Bible is inexhaustible and the Gospel message is profound, I have been impressed recently at how succinctly the Christian can make his case and present the message of salvation.
This is very powerful and clever piece by a pro-life group taking President Obama's comments following the Sandy Hook massacre and showing how they are so condemning of his abortion policy. See it here.
It's a strange thing that secularists point an accusing finger at Christians during Nazi Germany and condemn them for their silence, then they tell Christians today to stop pushing their morality on others when it comes to abortion.
OK, it's not totally new, but new enough for me to still wish you a happy new year. But I have a couple of simple things to say that I hope will be useful to you and will make this a really happy new year.
Rescued by the rich grace of God, redeemed with the precious blood of Christ, regenerated by the power of the Holy Spirit. Seeking to know and serve the Lord, and present Him to others.
More resources and a coordinated approach are needed to safeguard and grow New Zealand’s taxonomic collections which are intrinsic to supporting sectors of New Zealand life from economic growth to human health, says an expert panel of the Royal Society of New Zealand on the release of their expert advice on taxonomic collections today.
Dr Wendy Nelson, chair of the National Taxonomic Collections in New Zealand panel that has conducted a review, says taxonomy is how we understand New Zealand’s living things, allowing us to identify native and non-native species but also identify pests, weeds and toxic organisms.
New Zealand has 29 collections which help us do this with 12 million species sets held in 20 institutions around the country – museums, Crown Research Institutes and universities – but eroding funding threatens the collections and the taxonomic workforce, she said.
“Taxonomy allows us to understand New Zealand’s unique flora and fauna – 50 per cent of which is found nowhere else in the world – but it also allows us to make the most of opportunities in trade, health, and our environment, and to meet our international obligations.”
“From carrying out the review, we have heard that funding declines over at least 20 years have resulted in loss of expertise and access to these important biological collections. Many retiring taxonomists have not been replaced and those still working in the area have little time to devote to this important work.
“Recommendations in this report have been reached through a wide-ranging collaborative process and the collection holders are committed to working together to preserve and grow these collections and build systems for better sharing of information, but they need resources and stable funding to do so.”
Dr Nelson says the collections are a ‘treasure trove’ of information collected over nearly 250 years and new technologies mean the rate that new species are being discovered and described is increasing rapidly.
“We still do not have a good understanding of New Zealand’s biota. Seventy per cent of arthropods, a group that includes insects, spiders and crustaceans such as crayfish, remain undescribed. Even with New Zealand plants, which you might imagine we would have a good handle on, we estimate that fifteen per cent are not described. Even less well understood are the organisms living in New Zealand’s vast marine realm. It is estimated that 80% of our native species live in our large marine zone but only 1% of this has been surveyed.
“We face a range of challenges with increasing biosecurity risks associated with trade and tourism, and changing climates affecting the species that are able to live in New Zealand. This means that taxonomic research is more important than ever in equipping us for the future and providing essential baseline knowledge.”
Professor Richard Bedford, Royal Society of New Zealand President, commended the panel for its in-depth and consultative process and said that the resulting recommendations were clear.
“To preserve and build our taxonomic collections, which is vital, we must invest in core infrastructure, support collaboration, and provide long term professional development and job security.”
He emphasised that having a good handle on New Zealand’s biota is not ‘nice to know’ but ‘need to know’ with implications for the economy and many areas of national life.
“An effective biological collections’ infrastructure is critical in the defense of the economy, environment and society against pests, diseases, and weeds which currently cost New Zealand $2.45 billion annually, and in ensuring market access for New Zealand’s $1.5 billion seafood exports, for example.”
“Our biological heritage is part of our identity. In addition, collections and taxonomic research can provide key information about taonga species and assist with biodiversity and resource management with direct relevance to Māori.”
Demand for skilled taxonomists will likely increase as climate change shifts the geographical regions where species can survive, including disease-carrying mosquitoes, and changes in ocean currents could bring new species to New Zealand that will need to be identified, he said.
Professor Geoff Boxhall FRS of the Natural History Museum, London says that New Zealand is obligated to preserve and build its taxonomic collections to meet international obligations.
“All nations have an international responsibility to identify, monitor and conserve their biodiversity, and taxonomic collections are essential infrastructure for supporting accurate and standardised species identification.
“The declines in funding for taxonomic collections and the loss of taxonomic expertise highlighted in this report are worrying trends and need to be reversed for New Zealand to continue to meet its international obligations in this area, particularly around ensuring online access to information. Other countries, such as Canada, Australia and the UK, have reported declines in taxonomic workforce, but none to the extent seen in New Zealand.
“I fully support the recommendations of this report – changes are urgently needed to support and grow New Zealand’s taxonomic collections.”
Donald Hobern, Executive Secretary, Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) said that providing free and open access to the data held in New Zealand’s biological collections will be of immense value to the biodiversity research and policy communities, both globally and within the country itself.
“GBIF has greatly appreciated New Zealand’s involvement and investment in our global network over the past fifteen years — however, as the Royal Society of New Zealand’s report correctly identifies, this investment will bring much greater returns if it is accompanied by mobilization of more national data using the tools and practices developed through GBIF’s collaborative community for cost-effective publication, integration, discovery and use of digital biodiversity data.”
Between the 25th and the 28th of May 1898, the lawyer Secondo Pia took the first photographs of the Shroud kept as a relic in the cathedral of the city of Turin. At the time, the linen was exposed to the public to celebrate the anniversary of the marriage of Vittorio Emanuele (III) of Savoy with Elena of Montenegro. When developing the plates, Pia noticed that in the photographic negative in front of him, was clearly visible a positive image, whilst the signs present on the original shroud and on its positive image turned out to be like a photographic negative of reality (thus inverting the lighter and darker shades of the image).
The discovery provoked very strong emotions. Suddenly the features of the suffering man of the Shroud became ever more recognizable and familiar, above all those of the face. This gave origin to a surge of varied initiatives in the field of scientific research that were never again interrupted. A new a-typical discipline called “shroudology” was then born, which was to gather together all scientists interested in the study of this ancient linen.
The new perspectives of scientific research provoked a new awareness of the religious relationship that links the believer to the sheet of the Shroud and to the image impressed upon it, increasing both the enthusiasm and the questioning of the possibility that it could actually be the image of Jesus of Nazareth. At the same time, lively discussions began regarding the so-called “authenticity” of the Shroud, centered on two problems: a) whether the sheet originated from the outset of the Christian era (a problem of dating) and b) whether the image on the Shroud had been produced by the contact between the sheet and the lifeless body of Jesus after his removal from the cross (the problem of the image’s origin).
No ancient discovery concerning Christian origins has ever provoked such interest, because a unique mark is present in the object, one that draws us closer in a very unique way to the “marked” person. Questions instantly arise: is this the sheet that actually touched the body of Jesus of Nazareth after he was taken down from the cross? Does the image that it presents truly reproduce the features of the man so important for Christian life? To be able to respond to these questions is something that appeals to the minds and hearts of every person. The point is to clarify if only a positive answer to that question would legitimize a religious relationship between the believer and this peculiar linen sheet with its image (see below, VII).
The climate in which the discussions and research developed was very animated from the beginning. It witnessed a heightened sensitivity in 1988, when the analysis of the component of C14 (a radioactive carbon isotope) present in the Shroud’s fabric was carried out. The result of this analysis dated the origin of the Shroud’s cloth to between 1260 and 1390 (see below, V.1). The controversial tendencies in the discussions gave witness to extreme positions: one side stated that the verdict was definitive and thus one had to consider as sanctioned the illegitimacy of a religious relationship between the believer and the Shroud; the other side referred to the unreliability of the result (frequently claiming that it had been reached using improper procedures), thus defending the “authenticity” of the discovery of the Shroud and the legitimacy of the religious relationship with it.
First of all a correct position concerning the problem needs to be given. The problem arises from, or more precisely it is sharpened by, a scientific announcement, that is the existence of a negative image and its dating. But where exactly does the problem of the science-faith relationship with respect to the Shroud lie? What can or must faith expect from science and what conditions does science impose on faith? First of all one must clarify in which category of religious reality the Shroud is placed: is the image referenced to a fact? Is it the relic of the removal of Jesus from the cross and of his burial (for some also of his resurrection)? An affirmative reply must undoubtedly be given to the first question, since scientific procedures have stated that the image looks not handmade, but linked to a true human corpse; the reply to the second question is categorized as one of possibility. Once again one must ask: what then are the consequences that a specific answer to the preceding questions could have on the relationship of that reality with faith? Where does it put the relationship with faith? Certainly it puts it at the level of the truthfulness of the sign; perhaps also at the level of authenticity of the relic? And therefore, in which way does this act positively in favor of the process which leads to faith?
Where does it place the level of significance? Is it in the expressiveness of the image; or also in the materiality of the relationship with the body of Jesus? Why is the religious emotion stronger when facing the awareness of a “physical” contact: why is the density of memory greater? Does it need that “density” to justify the pastoral proposal of devotion or solemn cult toward the Shroud? Is the sign of the Shroud “truer” if the cloth is certain to have touched the body of Jesus? Does the potential absence of such “density” of meaning constitute only a negative aspect because of the situation of uncertainty that derives from it?
The reply to these huge problems requires a complex journey of research. Its articulation constitutes the summary of our exploration: a) we begin from the reading of the Shroud’s reality; b) we compare the finding with the data about the passion and burial of Jesus as reported by the Gospels; c) we propose a description of the steps (certain, probable, possible) of the journey that the Shroud has completed before to reaching us; d) to look at the research of the scientists, mathematicians and at the experiments carried out on the Shroud. In conclusion, this enables us to do two things: e) to formulate a judgement on the level of knowledge regarding the reality of the Shroud; f) to offer a religious evaluation of the state of things, with a reply to the questions above.
The Shroud of Turin is an ancient linen sheet, of good fabric, of a herringbone structure, around 4.36 meters long (a little bit more when it is stretched) and around 110 centimeters wide. The front and back images of a man are visible on the cover of the sheet, a man who died from the tortures of crucifixion (in the traditional position the frontal part is to the left, the back to the right). The image is not visible on the back of the sheet. On the cover the image is caused by darkening (due to oxidization and dehydration) of the surface fibers of the stretched threads of the fabric; an independent color (carmine) and by contrast they have only the bloodstains, scattered a bit everywhere over the body. The blood has penetrated the barrier of the sheet and is clearly visible on the reverse. After the intervening controversy in the 1980’s between W. McCrone and the chemists J.H. Heller and A. Adler, and the studies undertaken by these last two and by P. Baima Bollone, today one can no longer doubt the reality of the bloodstains (cf. Baima Bollone and Adler, in Barberis and Zaccone, 1998); the analysis, moreover, identified the blood group as AB (cf. Baima Bollone, 1998, pp. 175-178).
There can be no doubt that the man represented in the image of the shroud is dead. We have several indications of that. The cadaverous rigidity, evident in the position of the head, as it does not lean backwards on the sheet, but, rather, is inclined slightly forwards; the reclined position of the left foot (for those looking at him, and therefore the right foot of the person crucified), that, after the nails were removed from the cross, has not returned completely parallel to the other, and instead was taut; the stiffness of the limb muscles that touch the floor of the tomb and that have lost the elasticity of life without having taken on the softness of the corpse which begins to decompose. It shows moreover the “cadaverous” blood that gushes from the wound in the chest (because of the hemolysis of the blood) and, in the whole, "the existence of a damaging complex of gravity the result being incompatible with life" (Baima Bollone, 2000b, p. 185).
The causes of death are characterized by the torture suffered by the man and visible in the image, particularly the marks of nails in the hands and feet. In addition to these signs, which point directly and unequivocally to crucifixion, the shroud preserves the memory of many other tortures: the face is swollen and covered by a veil of blood (which was also revealed by the electronic scanning of the reverse of the Shroud’s cloth, where images are not visible, while every presence of blood is revealed); it shows swellings, a probable fracture of the nasal septum and a split lip; the hair falls rigidly to the side of the face because of the clotted blood and the beard is also rigid; the forehead is furrowed by a stream of blood, that stops at the eyebrow and, coming over the wrinkles, assumes the figure of an upside down “3” or of a Greek epsilon (ε). Also on the head, the hairs are soaked in blood an one can detect the presence of a multiplicity of small wounds that have damaged the scalp and have caused widespread haemorraging, that flows to the nape of the neck (a place of high hematic density). On the posterior part of the body (back and legs) numerous indications of strokes probably produced by a whip (the presence of it also on the anterior part shows the winding effect impressed by ropes or leather straps) are particularly visible. Again on the posterior part, at shoulder height, two dark stains are noticeable, probably from the rubbing of the trunk of the body over the cross, the patibulum (gibbet), as it was carried by the condemned man (except that which deals with “cadaverous bruising,” cf. Zacà, in Baima Bollone, 2000b, p. 178). On the front part of the human figure, in the fifth intercostal position, a large wound is present (4.5 x 1.5 cm) from which that cadaverous blood came, the blood that during the transport of the body has formed a belt across the back. Returning to the wrist wounds, from the left (the only one discovered, as the other is hidden under the left hand) a double flow of blood can be seen, due to the diverse positions assumed on the cross of the condemned man in the effort of making inhalation from the thorax possible. The man of the Shroud thus died from the torture of crucifixion. What it is more difficult to say, is who this man was.
The Shroud owes its name and its interest to the Gospels; nevertheless one has the impression that, of all the sciences that are involved with the Shroud, biblical exegesis has the least to say about it. It is very clear that the Gospels are not able to give an indication that will lead us to conclude that the sheet conserved at Turin is 2000 years old and covered the body of Jesus Christ. Nevertheless, when looking at the Shroud one cannot also avoid looking at the Gospels. The fact that for centuries multitudes of the faithful have instinctively connected what they have observed on the sheet with what the Gospels narrate of the Passion of Jesus, can only provoke the scientist’s curiosity. Other secular remnants have in themselves a very weak symbolism and arouse interest almost exclusively because of a long tradition of popular devotion to them. The Shroud, on the other hand, has an original message of its own, provoking a religious sentiment that transcends the sheet, and becomes a living relationship with Him to whom the sheet seems to refer.
The image of the Shroud is a “story,” whoever reads it discovers the truth of an event and also manages to follow its development. The fact that another story exists, this time a literary one, that narrates an analogous event —and analogous in a unique way— the protagonist of which we know as well as the facts that preceded his death, obliges the researcher to perform a first check. Biblical exegesis is competent on this second story. It is responsible for clarifying all of that which corresponds and that which is incompatible within the two “stories”. By reading the Gospels, can we consider —with grounds for truth— the hypothesis that the actual “Turin Shroud” corresponds to the funeral sheet that wrapped the body of Jesus? Or is such a correspondence incompatible with the data recorded by the Scriptures?
The setting for the Gospel story regarding the Shroud is that of the Passion and burial of Jesus of Nazareth (cf. Mk chs. 26-27; Lk chs. 22-23; Jn chs. 18-19) and of the discovery of the empty tomb (cf. Jn 20:3-10; Lk 24:12) (cf. Ghiberti, 1982). The verification of the possible convergences can begin with the very name given to the linen sheet. The “find” preserved at Turin has more than one, according to language: Turin Shroud or also Holy Shroud, Sindone de Torino, Linceul de Turin or Saint Suaire, Sábana Santa, Heiliges Gratuch or Turiner Grabtuch. The Latin name that has accompanied the presence in the West of this sheet is that of Sacrosancta Sindon Domini Nostri Jesu Christi, from which the Italian “Sindone” is derived. This is a technical term, because it is not usually applied to other sheets or covers.
This term is one of those present in the three synoptic Gospels (Mt, Mk and Lk) to indicate the sheet (or a sheet) used for the burial of Jesus. Exegesis looks to see whether originally the name indicated the Shroud that we know. The answer could be given only if one keeps in mind both the semantic potentiality of the term and the verbs that indicate the use made of this cloth. The semantic spectrum of the Greek sindón leads us to a cloth or sheet that could be found in an unbleached state or already prepared for a specific use (for example, as a tunic, that could be used for burial purposes). The possibilities of meaning are therefore wide and leave open the questions on the forms, on the type of material (most likely linen) and on its size, because the documentation of the use is numerous and imprecise. It is in a sindón that the body of Jesus is wrapped. “Wrap” could also be understood as placing the cloth that lies under the corpse over the front part of the body, making it turn behind the head, just as was thought happened with the sheet of Turin. Certainly, if the Shroud of Turin did not exist, we would perhaps not be drawn instinctively to interpret the verb “to wrap” in this sense, but it is important that such a meaning is not excluded by the semantic capacity of the term.
In the Gospel according to John (cf. Jn 19:38-42, to be completed with vv. 20:3-10) the details are provided, but they are not easily reconcilable with those of the synoptic Gospels. It no longer speaks of the “Shroud”, instead it refers to a “cloth” (Gr. othónia) and then a “towel” (Gr. soudárion), while in the case of the burial of Lazarus (cf. Jn 11:38-44) it speaks, more than that of a towel, also of “burial bands” (Gr. keiríai). These bands or strips (that were not used for the burial of Jesus) served to firmly bind the hands and the feet, so that during the journey towards the sepulcher the limbs of the body would not come away, given that the body is buried a short time after death (and therefore would not have totally succumbed to cadaverous rigidity). The “cloths” are indicated in the plural and are therefore this is a sign that more than one of them was seen, whilst the “towel” (that of Lazarus “covered” the face: cf. Jn 11:44) for Jesus “had covered his head” (cf. Jn 20:7). Now, the Shroud of Turin is the a single cloth and, moreover, does not suggest the presence of a towel over the head, given that the intensity of the Shroud’s image is homogeneous on all of the body’s surface, with no less intensity on the face. A possible suggestion comes from the way in which the cloths appeared to those who found them “lying” in the tomb: if Jesus would have been wrapped (in reality John says “rolled”) in the way that is foreseen in the Shroud, then after the resurrection the visitor would have seen the cloth in its upper and lower parts, as an apparent plurality. The towel could also have been folded, or rolled, and used around the face under the chin, and so it would not have been interposed between the face and the Shroud.
It holds true that in the synoptic Gospels and in John there are elements to favor a certain wrapping of the body of Jesus for the burial, though it is not easy to imagine in concrete terms how it was carried out. This excludes the possibility that the sindón can be considered a death tunic, because it would not be practical to speak of wrapping in a tunic (the unexpected circumstances of the death of Jesus and the haste in placing the body also make the recourse to a tunic improbable); instead two possibilities remain: either the body was placed in a large cloth, and upon this were gathered the items of cloth (which were then fixed with bindings), or it was placed on the lower half of the cloth (long and stretched), that was then wrapped behind the head and then brought down to the front part (this is the way suggested by the vision of the image on the shroud). On the basis of John’s data we can neither negate nor affirm the addition of some item of fabric omitted by the synoptic Gospels: we cannot exclude the possibility that for transporting the body on the brief journey to the sepulcher something analogous to the bindings or keiríai were used to keep the feet and hands together. One could conclude that the use of the expression “wrap in a shroud” could also be used to explain that which we see today in the shroud sheet: a cloth of that form, used in that way.
Due to the particularities of the tortures suffered by the two protagonists of the two stories, Jesus of Nazareth and the man of the Shroud, the consistencies between them are quite suggestive. There is an exceptional coincidence between the tortures described in the Gospels and those visible on the image of the Shroud: the crown of thorns, facial harassment, flagellation, nailing of hands and feet, wound on the side. Some of these features are not so usual in the old descriptions —generally quite sparing of details— of crucifixions (i.e. the crowning with thorns, the spear that pierced the man after his death): to find them both in the Gospel and on the Shroud is a clear indication of correlation between the two “stories.” The most natural explanation of the presence of such features, suggests that they came about from the contact between the shroud and the body of Jesus once he was taken down from the cross; were it not Jesus, it would then be normal to ask ourselves whether those tortures were inflicted on a different person in exactly the same way. This remains, however, a gratuitous conjecture.
There are some difficulties though in admitting the compatibility between the Shroud and the Gospels (cf. Ghiberti, in Scannerini and Savarino, 2000, pp. 273-284). First of all the image on the shroud seems to be the outcome of an almost perfectly perpendicular projection. The differences in the intensity of the colors seem only to be a consequence of the distance between the different points of the body from the shroud, and not due to the presence of other kind of linen cloths. Is all that compatible with the verbs used by the Gospels? Concerning the “plurality” of the cloths and the towel “over his head”, a probable answer has already been given above. Regarding the verbs which indicate the wrapping of the corpse (Gr. entylísso, eneiléo, déo) it is not clear whether or not they mean a kind of wrapping which includes all parts of the body. The procedure with which the ointments were used (Gr. arómata, myron, smyrna, alóe) is perhaps less important for our research. Besides, the grave (gr. mnemeîon, mnêma, táphos) does not represent a problem. Maybe a “trough grave” (hollow in the shape of a bath) could better explain the orthogonal projection on a new shroud, stretched and kept in a half-rigid position on the corpse.
We still do not know precisely how the Jews of Jesus’ time used to prepare the corpse before the burial (Gr. entaphiázei, in Jn 19:40). We presume that in such a big occasion as the parasceve of that “great sabbath” the rituals of the preparation of the corpse would have been shorter than usual. The fact then that the corpse was that of a sentenced man, implies other possible prescriptions. What interests us is the conclusion of the very probable omission of the washing of the corpse. The man of the Shroud has a beard and long hair; some suggest that he might have had a kind of pony-tail plaît. Does this coincide with the Jewish customs for men’s hair at the time of Jesus? The objections regarding the hair do not seem to be convincing, neither for the “pony-tail” (whose presence is disputable) nor concerning the alleged impossibility of having long hair: it is not to be excluded that Jesus lived at least a period of his life as “Nazirite” (a Jewish vow which included the prohibition of shaving the head); moreover, the prohibition of having long hair cannot be shown as a practised law. Methodologically though, it will be necessary to consider the question of the historiographical intentions of the evangelists when they (or their sources) chose to adopt a specific terminology. It is possible that the narrative intentions of those stories do not include single episodes, especially in John. From all the particularities that we have mentioned here, we can equally reach the conclusion that between the “Shroud” and the pages of the Gospels there is no incompatibility.
The most ancient story about the “Shroud” is linked to a very uncertain event: the date of its origin. The report of the analysis of C14 present in the cloth, made public on the 13th of October 1988, dates it between 1260 and 1390: if it is to be believed, the story of the Shroud coincides with its known European period; if it is not, then it is possible to think of an earlier origin.
In 1353 in Lirey, in the diocese of Troyes in France, a church was completed in honor of the Annunciation of Mary by Geoffroy de Charny, who entrusted the Shroud to the canons of the church itself (cf. Zaccone, 1997). The Shroud soon became an object of veneration and attracted crowds of pilgrims. This fact arouses many controversies that lasted for decades and involved many figures of authority such as Bishop Pierre d’Arcy, King Charles VI and the anti-pope Clement VII. First, accusations were made that the Shroud was a false relic, ending with permission being given for its exhibition, though with some cautions. From that time on, we are able to read the history of the Shroud in an uninterrupted fashion. In 1418 the Shroud was removed from the church of Lirey by the last Charny, Margaret, wife of Humbert de La Roche; in 1453 she handed it over to Louis of Savoy. The Savoys kept it as a precious relic and always carried it with them wherever they went until 1502 when they placed it in the chapel of their palace in Chambéry, which, in 1506, received its own liturgy (the feast is the 4th of May) from Pope Julius II (1503-1513), and where it suffered the disastrous fire of the 4th of December 1532. The effects of the damage were carefully repaired by the Poor Clare nuns of Chambéry in 1534. In 1578 Emanuel Philibert ordered the cloth to be brought to Turin, the new capital of his duchy and in 1694 it was placed in the Guarini Chapel, built on the dividing line between the cathedral and the Royal Palace of Turin. The Shroud again went with the Royal family to Liguria in 1706 and left the city for one more, and final, time between 1939 and 1946, going to the Benedictine Abbey of Montevergine, in Campania, to escape the dangers of the bombings of World War II. The exhibitions during the Savoyard and Torinese periods were initially very frequent, but from 1700 became considerably more rare. They were common when the feasts of the dynasty were celebrated: for example for the marriage of Vittorio Emanuele (II) in 1842, of Umberto (I) in 1868, of Vittorio Emanuele (III) in 1898, of Umberto (II) in 1931 (the last two were delayed). There were successive exhibitions in 1933 (for the “Jubilee of Redemption”), in 1978 (for the 400 anniversary of its arrival in Turin), in 1998 (for the centenary of the first photograph, the 500th anniversary of the cathedral and the 1600th anniversary of the Council of Turin) and in 2000 (for the Jubilee to mark the end of the Second Millennium). In 1973 a televised exhibition was permitted. On various occasions there were private exhibitions, for example, in 1804 when Pius VII passed through Turin on the way to France; in 1980 for Pope John Paul II; and on 14th April 1997, after the fire on the night of 11th/12th (from which the Shroud escaped undamaged). How the Shroud reached Lirey is not clearly known: some say it was a gift or a “conquest”. The latter is hypothetical and is reconstructed on the basis of information whose interpretation is uncertain (cfr. Dubarle, 1985; Dubarle and Leynen, 1998). The year 1204 is crucial for the news that the Latin crusades had reached the city of Constantinople. One of them, Robert de Clari, describes the relics that he venerated in the Christian Capital of the Orient: among them a Shroud on which the image of Christ is visible. After the sacking of Constantinople its presence there can no longer be recalled and one assumes that it reached the West or ended up in the hands of the Templars or, after a stay in Athens, ended up in the hands of French knights who had resided there.
The assertion that the Shroud of Turin is identical to the shroud venerated in Constantinople is less easy to make than maintaining it was certainly the same appeared in Lirey. In awaiting a sure response to such a question, how can we fail to ask what happened to that shroud before it arrived in Constantinople? It is fairly probable that it was preserved in the capital of the Eastern Empire since 944, when the emperor Roman I Lecapenus (920-944) managed to come into possession of the Mandylion of Edessa. This obviously presupposes accepting the identification of the two finds a one and the same reality. The principal source of information is the homily of Gregory the Referendary on the arrival of the image on the 16th August 944. He speaks of the bloodied face and the side from which blood and water pours. In Edessa (today Urfa) such an image was present at the beginning of the 7th century. There is a reference to that in the legend connected to the King of Edessa Abgar V (9-46 A.D.), as reported by Eusebius of Cesarea (260-339). According to Eusebius, the king, who had fallen gravely ill, had an image sent to him by Jesus himself. For the presence of the Mandylion in Edessa and the hypothesis of its relationship with the Shroud we refer to Wilson (1978 and 1998), Dubarle (1985), Dubarle and Leynen (1998), Zaninotto in Zaccone (1997).
The historical core in this complex mass of information is obscure and to solve its difficulties many possible responses have been put forward. The Mandylion showed only the face of Jesus, but they speak of a tetradiplon cloth (i.e. doubled in four), probably because the long sheet, folded twice and then in four, left only one eighth of the total area visible, i.e., that of the face (on this question cf. Dietz, in Scannerini and Savarino, 2000, pp. 330-357, who correct and complete the hypothesis). This face was contemplated by the artists who followed Emperor Justinian I, a pious devotee to the relic of Edessa. He had introduced a “model” for the face of Jesus (testified by the ancient icons of Saint Catherine in Sinai) that seem to have had constant features: a bearded face with long hair, parted from the crown of the head, perhaps completed by a curl left free on the center of the forehead; the face was asymmetrical, due to a swelling in the left cheek. From a certain moment onward, it was spread the so-called depiction of the “body taken down from the cross” and laid on a linen cloth placed on the ground. For a long time it seems that the Shroud was looked at only for that part that showed the face. For some of the people of Edessa, the Mandylion constituted a relic, for others a reason for scandal, especially in the iconoclast period. This would also explain its periodic appearances in the form of copies produced time by time (the mandilia): noteworthy are those of Genoa and the Vatican, but they were also to be displayed in Constantinople. Whoever accepts this hypothesis, links the movement of the Shroud from Jerusalem to Edessa to one of the phases of the tradition of Abgar V, and places the date somewhere in the middle of the Second Century.
The state of things briefly described here is judged in a different way by scholars: the lack of sure information over a period of thirteen centuries is held by some to be an insurmountable difficulty, one of the weakest points in the scientific discussion about the Shroud. Others hold that the absence of reliable data for such an object is not exceptional at all, when compared with other ancient finds, which often carry no other message than their own reality. It is true, however, that the reconstruction of the story of the Shroud requires recourse to other information that can only be offered by the scientific study of the object itself.
When was the Shroud with its image made? How was the image itself formed? History could answer the first question, while historical data are certainly not enough to answer the second. Indeed they are lacking in both and require a systematic recourse to experimental sciences. "The Turin Shroud is undoubtedly a medical-legal record that must be studied using criteria and techniques which are proper to disciplines belonging to that area, one located in the middle between clinical anatomy and human sciences" (Baima Bollone 2000c, p. 4). The 20th century has seen a great number of sciences involved with the Shroud; here we shall only look at those that focus on our two problems.
1.The Dating of the Shroud. In demonstrating the age of the Shroud, it is not controversial to say that it dates back to at least the middle of the 14th Century (Lirey): later attributions, for example to the life of Leonardo da Vinci (1452-1519), are a scientific absurdity. Here we will mention some elements favorable to its dating back to ancient times and some others which make this hypothesis questionable.
Palynology, or science of pollen, started to have a role in dating the Shroud when professor Max Frei, an expert from the criminal police of Zurich, obtained material preserved in the interstices between the threads by applying adhesive bands to the surface of the Shroud (between November 1973 and October 1978). Among these residues he found the spores of various plants. By studying such material by means of an ordinary optical microscope and later by an electronic scanning microscope, Frei identified the pollens of 58 different plant species by comparing them with pictures of known pollens. At the time of his untimely death he was working on the identification of another 15 species. Frei himself travelled to Israel to deepen his knowledge of the botany in that area; later on, Israeli botanical experts (Avinoam Danin and Uri Baruch) were to intervene. None of the species discovered were extinct, all of them were known. From the spores found on the Shroud, the criminologist went back to the different localities in which the linen sheet had to have been. The discoveries of Frei and the studies of Danin and Baruch allowed one to say that the Shroud had been in the Mediterranean area. Moreover, some species are proper only to areas which correspond to the place of Edessa or to present day Israel. The most interesting observation concerns the fact that three species (Cistus creticus, Gundelia Tournefortii, Zygophyllum dumosum) survive together in some areas of Palestine. All of this allow us to hypothesize about the trajectory of the movements of the Shroud. It also favors the idea that the sheet laid open in a certain season of the year, that is in Spring. Does it also lead to any conclusions about the date of the Shroud? Only the story of botany would permit a response, if one of the species found within the Shroud tissue were to be extinct for example, exactly 2000 years ago. The fact that that branch of botany is still underdeveloped, and that all the species found up to this point are still living, removes the point of this argument. The trail is correct, but the research is not yet conclusive.
Numismatics (cataloging and historical dating of coins) is a notoriously recent instrument of dating archaeological finds. The findings of Filas (from 1954) and those of P. Baima Bollone and N. Balossino (1997), who detected on the eyes of the crucified man of the Shroud the signs of the presence of various low-value coins (of the lepton family) coined by Pilate in the years 29 and 30 of the Common Christian Era, are of great interest in that respect. In fact they would allow us to date the time of the burial of the crucified man of the Shroud to those same years. Nevertheless the findings are not sure and this research also is not conclusive (cf. Balossino, in Barberis and Zaccone, 1998).
The method of historical dating by measuring C14 chemical abundance is able to estimate the years that have passed from the time in which organisms, that were present in some particular finding, have ceased to live. This takes advantage of the carbon cycle existing in nature, based on the following fundamental fact. In organic matter three carbon isotopes exist, C12, C13 and C14, having an increasing mass number (whose nuclei are formed by six protons and, respectively, by six, seven and eight neutrons). Of these isotopes, C14 is present in a minimal amount. It is unstable and radioactive. It undergoes neutron decay (n —> p) emitting β particles (electrons), and transforming itself, as time goes on, into the Nitrogen isotope N14. While the organism remains alive, the total amount of C14 remains in a state of equilibrium with the other Carbon isotopes through the metabolic exchange with external environment. From the moment in which life stops, the amount of the radioisotope is no longer renewed and gradually begins to diminish in a constant fashion, having reduced to 50% of its mass after a period of approximately 5,730 years.
The research by this method was applied to our case, supposing that the fabric of the Shroud was made just after the cessation of the plant’s life from which the fibers were extracted and thus used, after a short time, for the burial purpose that we know. From the measurement of the chemical abundance of C14 present on the Shroud today, the age of the Shroud can be measured. In order to carry out this examination on some samples of the linen cloth, it was decided to use a mass accelerator spectrometer. The analysis was entrusted to the laboratories of Zurich, Oxford and Tucson. The sampling was carried out on the 21th of April 1988. A sample of 50 mg weight was sent to each laboratory. Along with the sample of the Shroud, they were delivered other three samples of ancient fabrics whose age were known (ranging from the Roman to the Late Medieval period). The examination would have to be carried out blindly, but the sample of the Shroud was identified immediately. The result the examination was communicated to Cardinal Anastasio Ballestrero, the papal custodian of the Shroud, on the 28th of September of that year. He made it public on the 13th of October. According to the three laboratories, the Shroud was dated back to a period between 1260 and 1390 of the Christian Era.
The intensity of the controversy that followed this news is easily understandable considering what was at stake, but it was also caused by the report of some improper aspects which would have occurred during the development of the procedure. We do not want to list them here; certainly, the refusal to accept both the presence of scientific representatives of the owner of the Shroud and the collaboration of scholars of the Shroud, prevented the researches from taking advantage of a wider knowledge, for instance in order to enable the samples to be freed from pollution. Against the results obtained during the 1988 analysis two kinds of objections were made, firstly by A. Kouznetsov and secondly by L.A. Garza Valdes. The Russian scholar Kouznetsov took a sample of cloth, which dated back certainly to the Roman period, and exposed it to a simulation of fire in conditions similar to that which happened in Chambéry in 1532 (including contact with water and the presence of silver ions), finding out a radiocarbon “rejuvenation” of the analyzed tissue. The Texan scholar Valdes Gauze instead made the hypothesis that living micro-organisms of the liconothelia type have been present for a long time on the sheet, thus altering the radiodating. The results of these tests are not sufficient for overturning the radiocarbon report of 1988. The experiments carried out by Kouznetsov’s showed a retro-dating that is still not sufficient, and those made by Garza Valdes were performed on material that was not definitely from the Shroud. Nevertheless, these researches indicate the possibility that the 1988 measurements could not have taken into account all the conditionings on the Shroud in the course of its history. Today it seems reasonable to affirm that "the problem of the radio-carbon dating of the Shroud is still open; although the results obtained in the 1988 measurements are a step forward in solving that complex scientific and historical puzzle which is the Turin Shroud, they cannot be considered conclusive" (Savarino, in Barberis and Zaccone 1998, p. 205).
In addition to direct tests, “indirect tests” could also be indicative of the age of the Shroud, in particular those that lead one to exclude any falsifying or deceit about its origin. The knowledge gained by the discovery of photography, and, with photography, by computer analysis that showed the characteristic of tri-dimensionality, is unfavorable in classing the Shroud as a medieval artefact, because the product easily goes far beyond all the projectual possibilities of that age. A “negative” test could be considered the same quality of the fabric, once held to be too refined and complex for a hypothesis of Palestine origin from the era of Christ. Today, however, both the presence of linen fabrics and the binding technique known as “fish spine” are well documented in the area of Egypt and Syria from the centuries preceding the pre-Christian era (cfr. Baima Bollone, 2000c, pp. 13-17).
2. The Formation of the Image on the Shroud. Today no procedure is yet known that could explain the way in which the human image on the Shroud was formed. Photographic and computer research have lead us to exclude presence of signs of pictorial tampering. Experiments of every kind have been carried out in accordance with the details of the Gospel accounts, especially using ointments as reported by John 19,39-40. Images and marks have been produced in several ways, but none of them having the resolution and accuracy shown by the signs on the Shroud (cf. Baima Bollone, 2000b, p. 161; Milanesio, Siracusa and Zacà, 1997; Balossino and Siracusa, in Ghiberti and Casale, 1998). Three classes of explanations have now been proposed, resulting from more or less in-depth experiments: image formation through contact, through vapor (vaporigraphy), or image formation by radiating energy. Scientists are convinced that these kinds of explanations, however, can only give a partial account of how the image was actually produced. Two main streams of thought are in evidence today: some suggest that the image was obtained thanks to the heating of a statue or cast in bronze on which the Shroud was placed, others suggest that it was produced by the emission of light (or other forms of energy) that occurred at the time of Jesus’ resurrection. The first resulted unsustainable by simply comparing the Shroud with a number of attempts made following the above procedure. In contrast to the image on the Shroud, the image formed in the simulations is visible also on the back of the cloth, and it disappears within a few months. The second suggestion, instead, has the limit of being untestable, as the resurrection is an unrepeatable event which goes beyond the field of experimental sciences (for a suggestive proposal by Sebastiano Rodante see Scannerini and Savarino, 2000, pp. 167-168). From the scientific viewpoint, nobody can say what will happen in the future: for the time being the only objective attitude is that of the nescimus, i.e., we do not know.
At this point at least some partial results need to be stated. The correspondence between the Gospel accounts and the “account” of the Shroud allow us to hypothesize that there was a relationship between the event of Jesus’ Passion and the formation of the image of the Shroud. The possibility still remains, as already pointed out, that the image is that of a man who experienced the same crucifixion and death as Jesus of Nazareth, and who was then wrapped in the cloth that we know as the Shroud today. But this hypothesis, though not impossible, is not supported by any argument and, looked at closely, is also highly improbable. If, instead, the Shroud was the funeral cloth used in the burial of Jesus himself, even without needing to endorse any of the theories proposed to explain the image’s formation (all insufficient), it is inevitable to admit a “contact”, that is, a fairly close connection, between the corpse and the sheet. The latter shows up, in this respect, several different marks: the signs due to the blood must have preceded the formation of the image of the whole body, and affected the fabric deeper with respect to what caused the complete image. The blood is visible on the back, the image is not. We cannot say if the intensity of the image has varied in time: whether at the beginning it was immediately fairly visible, whether with time, it has diminished. The intensity of the contrast between the image and the background has certainly diminished, and therefore it has become difficult to see the complete image with its distinguishing marks.
The steps taken up to this stage, demand a careful conclusion. Starting from the similarity existing between the account in the New Testament of the passion and death of Jesus of Nazareth and the data that can be observed on the Shroud, we have carried out an initial attempt to verify whether the account of Jesus’ burial is compatible with the image of the Shroud. The conclusion is that “there is no incompatibility” between them. Focusing our attention on the possibility that the Shroud (sheet and image) is the cloth or one of the clothes used for burying Jesus (we usually would call this fact “historical authenticity”), we have looked for clues, in the fields of historical and experimental sciences, that could confirm or contradict the authenticity of the Shroud. It was possible to say with certainty that the origin of the image is not the work of a painter. The discovery of the negative-positive photographic effect and of the three-dimensional character of the Shroud’s image, leads us to exclude any intentional falsification. In fact, until quite recently, the knowledge of those effects was unknown not only to the common people but also to scientists. The same can be said of all possible artificial interventions that have been tried so far, which have shown themselves to be incapable of supporting the hypothesis of planned interference to produce the result that we have. Except for the C14 analysis, the various sciences applied to the study of the Shroud of Turin show that this linen sheet is an unicum: it is an object that can be explained only if we suppose that its origin lies in its use when burying Jesus. None of the results provide a judgement of historical or experimental certainty, capable of demonstrating that the Shroud was the burial sheet of Jesus, but their convergence is highly significant. The nature of such a conclusion is not mathematical in character: the only “mathematical” result is the one concerning the carbonium analysis, which seems to deny that the origin of the Shroud dates back to Jesus. Actually, the method by measuring the C14 isotope would provide mathematical certainty, only when a complete thorough knowledge of all the situations and circumstances of each single case or find is definitely available. However, this certainty is far from being acknowledged. We still have many cases of divergence between the dates indicated by archaeologists or botanists (for example, starting from the rings of a tree trunk) and those indicated by radiocarbon measurements. It is right therefore to continue the research along all the avenues open to us.
In the difficulty of evaluating this mass of data, the method of computing the probabilities can be of some help (cf. Barberis, in Barberis and Savarino, 1997 and in Barberis and Zaccone 1998; cf. also Fanti and Marinelli, 1999). It is an attempt to provide a quantitative, not merely a qualitative, evaluation of how probable is a conjecture or the happening of a specific event. The method is very suggestive, but must be applied with scientific correctness. The computation of the degree of probability for a statement or an event depends on the correctness of our archaeological and historical knowledge, which needs to be based on a precise amount of information. Unfortunately, the information we have is often approximate and incomplete. For this reason calculations can change a great deal depending on the operators. For instance, a statement such as «the Shroud of Turin is authentic because it has all the characteristics of a Hebrew burial sheet of the 1st century» can be refused from all viewpoints when one acknowledge the fact that we do not know anything about Hebrew funeral sheets of the 1st century, simply because the relevant documentation is missing. The accuracy of the level of probability of each single statement is also variable: if, for instance, the abrasions on the shoulder and shoulder blade of the man in the Shroud had not been caused by the patibulum carried by the convicted man before reaching the place of torture, but had only been “corpse-like bruises,” the probability that such signs can be attributed to crucifixion would be significantly reduced.
Although we hesitate to use the probabilistic method, which may have been viewed with excessive enthusiasm, its suggestive strength remains. The cumulative convergence of many probabilities, of various degrees, increases the truthfulness of the affirmation of the direct origin of the Shroud from the event of the death and burial of Jesus of Nazareth. According to similar considerations made by Y. Delage, P. de Gail and T. Zeuli, Barberis concludes his calculations claiming that «within a sample of 200 billion crucified men only one would have all the seven relevant characteristics owned by the man of the Shroud» (Barberis, in Barberis and Zaccone, 1998, p. 275). Fanti and Marinelli (1999), with a more complex calculation of probabilities (but in numerous points not spared by criticism), set forth that the authenticity of the Shroud can be demonstrated with the highest level of confidence, near to 100%, thus claiming for the Shroud the qualification of a true religious relic (cf. p. 188). However, I consider it impossible to share this last conclusion, since these authors do not take into account enough the prudential limits set by the response of the C14 analysis, which so far has been put into debate, but not cancelled. Neither do they seem to give enough weight to the uncertainties that remain in the field of historical reconstruction. Nevertheless, the probability method is of some relevance, although it does not allow one to acknowledge in a demonstrative way the authenticity of the Shroud, not even in a “moral” sense. The sum of the probabilities increases, maybe, the degree of the global probability, but it does not produce absolute certainty; this is particularly true when the case is questionable (at times very questionable , as in the case of supposed writings on the fabric or for the coins over the eyes) or when the research that supports this has not yet reached a conclusion (as in the case of the pollens or, above all, in the recognizing of the coins).
The path here summarized allows us to say that it is possible that the Shroud of Turin belongs to the first century of the Christian era; it is also possible that the body of Jesus, once taken down from the cross, was wrapped in it. It is reasonable to acknowledge that these assertions carry a degree of serious probability. To go beyond this, affirming that we have a complete certainty of that, seems to us to be unjustified. We have also to add that it would be unjustified to assert that the Shroud is definitely an object of the Late Medieval or Modern ages; completely less legitimate is to state that the Shroud is a deliberate fake. There are reasons in favor of the Later Medieval period, but they are not definitive. At the same time, there is no absolute certainty that the Shroud is from the Roman era and that it was in contact with the body of the crucified Jesus: the reasons and proofs we have still do not solve the problem in a satisfactory manner.
The question arises whether the previous conclusions lead to consequences for the Christian faith in the Son of God, crucified and risen from the dead. The reality of the Shroud seems to point us towards two things: to recognize the obscurity in which our knowledge is debated (only for the time being? or perhaps it will always be so?); to value all the aspects contained in this “mystery,” as the Shroud is an image undoubtedly related to the passion and death of Jesus, a sheet that could have wrapped his body. The believer can be brought to think that, at least for the moment, God has decided that for the fundamental issues aroused by the Shroud —that are a suitable object for scientific research, but also lead one to “suspect” the existence of a dimension that transcends that research— it is not possible to give a unambiguous, decisive answer.
1. The Origin of the Religious Relationship. Having recognized what belongs to the mere facts, one can then look at the consequences there involved. Past and present history has always noted that the faith of believers had a specific interest in the Shroud. In order to characterize such a religious relationship, we must start from what is more typical of the Shroud itself: that is, the image it contains and the exceptional correspondence between this image and a very special event as recorded by the Gospels. The Shroud gives a particularly evocative testimony of the event of the passion and death of Jesus, expressing with visual language what the Gospels express, much more concisely, with literary language. It follows that, for those who are acquainted with the history of Jesus, the vision of the Shroud becomes a spontaneous reference to the Gospels and the Shroud itself becomes a witness, a silent yet eloquent echo of the voice of the Gospel.
All of this happens in the believer’s feeling before the questions on the “why” of the Shroud are asked, and before answers are looked for by means of scientific investigation. The relationship between the believer and the Shroud is, in its spontaneous phase, pre-scientific in nature. One can indeed say that, before the dialogue with science begins, a direct relationship between the history of Jesus and the origin of the Shroud has already been postulated, because of the exceptional nature of the connection between the two narrations. Science is called into play for the verification of this “suspicion” and for the reply to every other question regarding the cloth, its conservation, and the origin of the image. The “religious” relationship, which involves at some level the believer’s faith, has already begun, and this is quite legitimate. The presence of such an immediate and original relationship is what explains and justifies the corresponding pastoral initiatives undertaken by the Church, having the Shroud as its object.
The characteristics of the relationship of faith are set out on a wide range. First of all the veneration for an object that, by the nature of its mark, refers back to the person who is the direct object of believer’s faith and love, that is to Jesus Christ. It is obvious that the sign, the Shroud in itself, is not directly the target of any act of faith, but it is undeniable that it is placed in the “economy” of faith, developing an auxiliary function. Nor it is, in itself, the object of the believer’s love, though it reflects something which brings the beloved person of Jesus closer to us, and therefore it is looked upon with a feeling of reverence and devotion. The sign here involved is not conventional, but natural. It is an image that carries a direct representation of the event, a representation that is, moreover, particularly alive. In the period of history known to us, it is not known if a reflection developed on the function of the image of the Shroud comparable to the Eastern theology of the icon. As known, the sensitivity of Western culture is characterized by a realism that often prevails over a reflection that would value the symbolic element. Nevertheless, the theology of the icon, even if in a way all of its own, is not extraneous from the context of the Shroud (see Schönborn, 1988, and Mondzain, 1996, who reach at different conclusions on this respect).
Given the certainty —that seems to be completely consolidated— that in the reality of the Shroud one can exclude any pictorial intervention, the use of the concept of “icon” assumes here some exceptional aspects. Different from the painting of icons, there is no “technique” in the Shroud, but in spite of this the “functionality” and the “message” of the image is not absent. The reference must be acknowledged at a superior level. It is an icon of the unknown, an icon that implements the wealth of its mystery, placing it in the depth of God’s silence.
2. The Dynamics of the Relationship. The problem of the Shroud affects many fields of knowledge and belief. Since it is an image, and many also call it a relic, one is immediately confronted with the problem of the relationship that images and relics would have with faith. But concerning the Shroud, this relationship is quite unique. In fact, whoever denies the relevance of the image-relic relationship within the path of one’s faith, willingly resorts to the scientific analysis of the Shroud in order to show whether the qualification of a true relic would not be correct. Calvin, for example, resorted to exegesis and to history in order to claim that deceit was being committed; another group of contemporary evangelicals resorts to scientific arguments in order to put forward the same interpretation (cf. Papini, 1982 and 1998), meaning that the eventual admission of the authenticity of the Shroud would create a certain uneasiness.
There is then a set of problems that we could group under the name of “the question of the Shroud” and that concern the claim that science would have the role of conditioning the believer’s faith. However, such a claim does not seem to be reasonable. If the religious relationship with the Shroud is born in a pre-scientific phase (without becoming neither anti-scientific, nor unscientific), it follows that scientific research cannot condition it. It is important to maintain this vision, because it enables even those, who are convinced that science has unsurpassable objections against the authenticity of the find, to welcome the special message that comes from the image of the Shroud.
The possibility that this sheet truly wrapped the lifeless body of Jesus has a great strength of involvement, but adds nothing to the intelligence of Christian faith. More than the mind, it would be the “heart” to be affected by the response. The fundamental reason for believing and acting as Christians comes from what Jesus did and said. The image of the Shroud, on the other hand, represents and testifies, in an in unsurpassable way, precisely Jesus’ life and death. It is even possible to see an educational function in the margin of uncertainty associated with our studies on the Shroud. By giving this “aid” to our faith, without freeing us completely from scientific uncertainty, the God who has resurrected His Son seems to want to invite us to focus only on the essential part of the message. The weakness of the instrument does not make us love it less. Indeed it reconciles it with our weakness: the little that we know invites us to love more. This is nothing other than the “style” of Jesus, who insisted on giving value to weak things.
3. The Message. The Shroud is a humble and weak reality. It must be accepted as such. But it is also an extremely expressive, effective, demanding sign. It is so “humble” that we do not have the last word on its place of origin, on the era in which it originates, on the process of formation of the image it shows. It must be accepted with its own level of truth, without forcing it towards degrees of certainty that we may wish to have, but don’t. The Shroud is “weak,” because it does not have at all the sacramental efficacy of the Eucharist, as it is only a reference to it. What is more, the Shroud is by no means necessary in order to reach salvation. For many it is not important, for very many it was not and it is not known, and this has not diminished in the believers their awareness and their commitment in answering Christ’s call to follow him. For many non-Christians or Christians of other non-Catholic confessions, the Shroud is not accepted as being a legitimate companion in the path towards God. It is therefore a very poor sign and, when conceptualized it also becomes a fairly complicated thing. It is difficult to respect the poverty of the Shroud, a sign of expectancy, a sign of the silence of the tomb.
However, the Shroud exists and it says the same things as the Gospel regarding the death and burial of Jesus. Indeed it becomes a distinctive sign only through the Gospel. It says these things in a way that no other does, and it says them today, in the so-called “civilization of the image.” It could be said that this sign has waited until our time in order to show itself to a great number of people, in order to become an even greater resonance chamber of that message. Since the Shroud speaks the same words as the Gospels, it is justifiable that some believers do as much as possible so that these words are also heard by others. This image is a meaningful call to the most neglected passage of the St. Paul’s “creed”: "and he was buried" (1Cor 15:4), that is also in need of being restored in our time.
The conclusion of this article is the one suggested by the reflections that John Paul II proposed at the time of his pilgrimage to the Shroud, on May 24, 1998 (cf. ORWE 27.5.1998, pp. 1 and 4). "The Shroud is a challenge to our intelligence. It first of all requires of every person, particularly the researcher, that he humbly grasp the profound message it sends to his reason and his life. The mysterious fascination of the Shroud forces questions to be raised about the sacred Linen and the historical life of Jesus. Since it is not a matter of faith, the Church has no specific competence to pronounce on these questions. She entrusts to scientists the task of continuing to investigate, so that satisfactory answers may be found to the questions connected with this Sheet, which, according to tradition, wrapped the body of our Redeemer after he had been taken down from the cross. The Church urges that the Shroud be studied without pre-established positions that take for granted results that are not such; she invites them to act with interior freedom and attentive respect for both scientific methodology and the sensibilities of believers."
Then the Pope continues to point out that the contemplation of this image can assist contemporary evangelization. "The Shroud is a mirror of the Gospel [...] and invites us to pattern our lives on the life of the One who gave himself to us." "The image of human suffering is reflected in the Shroud. [...] The Shroud not only spurs us to abandon our selfishness but leads us to discover the mystery of suffering, which, sanctified by Christ’s sacrifice, achieves salvation for all humanity." "The Shroud is also an image of God’s love as well as of human sin. [...]. Echoing the word of God and centuries of Christian consciousness, the Shroud whispers: believe in God’s love, the greatest treasure given to humanity, and flee from sin, the greatest misfortune in history." "The Shroud is also an image of powerless [...]. It is the experience of Holy Saturday, an important stage on Jesus’ path to Glory, from which a ray of light shines on the sorrow and death of every person." "The Shroud is an image of silence [...]. The Shroud expresses not only the silence of death but also the courageous and fruitful silence of triumph over the transitory, through total immersion in God’s eternal present."
To approach the Shroud, John Paul II concludes, "is precisely a 'coming to see' this tragic and enlightening sign of the passion which proclaims the Redeemer’s love. This icon of Christ abandoned in the dramatic and solemn state of death [...] urges us to go to the heart of the mystery of life and death, to discover the great and consoling message it has left us. The Shroud shows us Jesus in the moment of his greatest helplessness and reminds us that in the abasement of that death lies the salvation of the whole world. The Shroud thus becomes an invitation to face every experience, including that of suffering and extreme helplessness, with the attitude of those who believe that God’s merciful love overcomes every poverty, every limitation, every temptation to despair."
What is Life? The lectures of physicist Erwin Schrödinger helped to change attitudes in biology Editorial, Nature, September 6, 2018
How a Stanford neurobiologist balances science and faith, by Nathan Collins Stanford News, June 21, 2018
The phrase 'necessary and sufficient' blamed for flawed neuroscience, Editorial Nature, June 12, 2018
Imagine if Bibi had a George from Seinfeld moment as he was leaving the meeting with POTUS and wanted to go back and give him this zinger?
In my upcoming Young Adult Fantasy novel Everdream, one of the most important characters spends the whole book sleeping. Queen Aderyn, young Prince Kynan's mother, may be Dreaming quietly throughout her son's quest, but her story is the catalyst for his journey and for a change that will change the face of Everdream and the Wake… Continue reading Queen Aderyn
Tagged books, characters, creativity, everdream, fantasy, fiction, novel, reading, work in progress, writing, YALeave a comment
In my new YA fantasy novel Everdream, in the middle of the land of Tyernas, on a hill overlooking a wide river, stands its capital—the home of the king, Castle Cairdrist. Aside from the odd rare trip with his father, Cairdrist is the only place Kynan has ever known. At first glance, Cairdrist looks much… Continue reading Castle Cairdrist
Tagged books, creativity, everdream, fantasy, fiction, novel, reading, setting, work in progress, writing, YALeave a comment
In this sneak peek of my YA novel Everdream, Kynan learns a little more about the mechanics of the dream world. As always, I'd love to hear what you think in the comments. They made camp in a shallow cave under a massive overhanging boulder. It was warm enough in Everdream, he'd noticed, never to need… Continue reading Everdream: Mechanics of a Dream
Tagged books, creativity, everdream, fantasy, fiction, novel, reading, work in progress, writing, YALeave a comment
In my upcoming YA Fantasy novel, accessing the magical realm of Everdream isn't as simple as falling asleep. There's a bit of magic involved—a set of magic words...and a talisman. The talisman is personal to the Dreamer. It must be something that has deep significance to the bearer, and is best something small and portable.… Continue reading The Talisman
Have you ever read a book where you felt like you were actually living the story with the character? Have you read one where the character felt remote and lifeless? I can guarantee the reason for both is showing vs. telling. Telling is the old style of writing—the reader is an overseer in the room,… Continue reading 5 Ways to Turn Showing to Telling
If you’re writing a novel, you need a setting. If you’re writing a fantasy novel, your setting needs to be an epic world. Whether you’re writing fantasy, historical fiction, or even something in your own backyard, you need to immerse the reader in that world without drowning them. There are a lot of novels… Continue reading 5 Ways to Build an Epic World
Tagged books, creativity, fantasy, fiction, history, inspiration, novel, setting, short story, work in progress, writingLeave a comment
I’ve always been a daydreamer. More often than not, as a child, it got me into trouble. But the more I’ve thought about my wool-gathering habit as an adult, the more I realize that my greatest strengths rely on this sometimes misunderstood state of mind. Here are some ways I think we’ve got daydreaming wrong.
Autumn has always felt like the true beginning of a new year for me, after years of back-to-school programming. So it follows that fall is a perfect time to start something new in my writing, especially with Nanowrimo coming up again in just over a month. Now, you might be what they call a “Pantser”… Continue reading Plotline Prep for Planners & Pantsers
Ever get to the place in your writing where you just want to play it safe? I think every writer gets there. Doesn’t every writer have a manuscript that’s too blah because you were too scared to go where you should have gone? Or a manuscript that’s gathering dust because you’re too scared for anyone… Continue reading 5 Leaps of Faith for your Writing
Across the Deep art books book trailer characters Christmas classics conferences creativity critique Daughters of Alba diy ebook editing Enter everdream faith family fantasy fiction fitness Florence Gaelic goals health historical fiction history hold fast hubris inspiration introvert Legacy of Faith life love minecraft motivation music nanowrimo novel novella organization otherworld parenting plot poetry productivity reading regency research review reviews Sensible Advice setting short story Slumber Sons of Alba suspense time travel title volunteering word count work in progress writing YA
There is a clear consensus among most mental health professionals that divorce is difficult for children, but many are coming forward to suggest that joint custody arrangements make the process easier for all involved. Recent changes to Illinois divorce law have changed the way that custody is defined, a revision that was designed to make joint parental involvement a reality for many divorcing families. Custody in Illinois Child custody and other terms used during the divorce process differ … [Read more...]
After child custody, the most hard fought battles in a divorce are over the division of assets. Often one party attempts to hide or shield assets from the divorce court in order to retain the full value of the asset for themselves. With the help of a family law attorney, clients can bring all of the hidden assets to light. … [Read more...]
Pets are not treated the same as children in divorce cases, but they are instead regarded as items of marital property subject to equitable property division rules in Illinois. Even though a person may view the family pet as a vital member of the family similar to a child, there are no laws that control custody of pets. People may be able to negotiate pet custody and visitation agreements or litigate the issue in court with custody lawyers. Pets As Property In Illinois, there are no laws that … [Read more...]
Getting divorced means dividing your assets so that each partner can walk away from the marriage and get a fresh start on life. In Illinois, assets are divided equitably, not equally. This means that the courts will divide the assets based on what they feel is fair to both partners based on their financial situation and contributions to the marriage. … [Read more...]
KIT: I don’t know why I decide not to sit with Annie and Violet at lunch. It feels like no one here gets what I’m going through. How could they? I don’t even understand.
DAVID: In the 622 days I’ve attended Mapleview High, Kit Lowell is the first person to sit at my lunch table. I mean, I’ve never once sat with someone until now. “So your dad is dead,” I say to Kit, because this is a fact I’ve recently learned about her.
When an unlikely friendship is sparked between relatively popular Kit Lowell and socially isolated David Drucker, everyone is surprised, most of all Kit and David. Kit appreciates David’s blunt honesty—in fact, she finds it bizarrely refreshing. David welcomes Kit’s attention and her inquisitive nature. When she asks for his help figuring out the how and why of her dad’s tragic car accident, David is all in. But neither of them can predict what they’ll find. Can their friendship survive the truth?
what to say next, what to say next julie buxbaum, what to say next julie buxbaum epub, what to say next epub vk, what to say next read online, what to say next goodreads, what to say next plot, what to say next vk, what to say next quotes, what to say next book summary
Wheat Belly Slim Guide: The Fast and Easy Reference for Living and Succeeding on the Wheat Belly Lifestyle
road coloring page road coloring page drilling road coloring page and drilling road coloring page road trip colouring pages road safety signs colouring pages.
In the 2-dimensional diagram of the MDS-analysis (Strain=0.129) three groups of sites stand out. First of all there is a large intermediate group of sites, consisting of production debris, pottery and one or several tools. The large varied site fits into this group very well. The four sites to the right of the MDS-diagram consisting (almost) exclusively of pottery probably belong in the first group as well. Although the archaeological significance of these sites is hard to determine on the basis of the surface finds, they might also indicate graves. Besides these, there are the sites with arrowheads: sometimes with other artefacts (group 2, left), sometimes alone (group 3, bottom). Although an arrowhead does occur on site 52E-210, this is of another type and furthermore it is almost swamped by the wide range of artefact types from that location.
Fig. 56 Multi Dimensional Scaling diagram for the Beaker period with the sites depicted as segment diagrams.
a hot ebony cutie like this knows her way around a white dick, she could teach a class on giving head! at the end she keeps right it in her mouth, most girls I know wouldn't have! I wouldn't pass up a chance to have her drain me dry!
Examines the influence of the European Commission and the European Court of Justice in the political and legal enforcement of member state compliance in the EU.
If you have anything to say to us. Please send email to support@freebookee.com Thank you for your time.
There are many reasons you should read Manga online, and if you are a fan of this unique storytelling style then learning about them is a must. One of the biggest reasons why you should read Manga online is the money it can save you. While there's nothing like actually holding a book in your hands, there's also no denying that the cost of those books can add up quickly. So why not join the digital age and read Manga online? Another big reason to read Manga online is the huge amount of material that is available. When you go to a comic store or other book store their shelves are limited by the space that they have. When you go to an online site to read Manga those limitations don't exist. So if you want the best selection and you also want to save money then reading Manga online should be an obvious choice for you.
This is a sample landing page. The landing page has no header, footer, sidebar, or other unnecessary content; it’s just whatever you write on the page. This makes it a good page template to use if you’re promoting a product, or asking people to sign up for your email list.
WHEN THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HALL at the Southbank Centre in London put on a series of concerts called “Words and Music,” they invited me to join a Spanish flamenco player and a lute player from Baghdad in an event they advertised as “A Night in Andalusia” and to speak between their pieces about my gastronomic experiences in Andalusia.
I talked about Ziryab, a lute player from Baghdad who fled from the court of Harun al-Rashid in the ninth century and joined the court of Córdoba and is credited for introducing new music and new dishes to Spain. I described the dishes I discovered, giving the recipe for a salmorejo that was served at a flamenco festival in Córdoba, and which I also found in every bar and tavern in that city. At the end of the concert, a middle-aged woman came to tell me that she had been moved to tears on hearing the recipe. She was from the province of Córdoba and had lived in Britain for many years.
Hathai House is situated in central Lamai within walking distance to famous Lamai beach and very close to the entertainment area and next to the Thai Boxing Stadium. The resort reflects the elegance of Thai culture. It offers 10 comfortable standard rooms, stylishly decorated with contemporary furnishing, tasteful artwork and soft color tones. The rooms are equipped with hot shower, minibar and safety box as well as TV and DVD player and a wide selection of movies is available at the reception. Hathai House serves delicious meals at the restaurant next to the pool where you can enjoy authentic Thai cuisine including fresh seafood and Thai traditional food.
I was very satysfied but I have onething I hope the hotel will get a better tv program so one like my self who don t speak or understand much thai can follow the news and see some films and sport
Great location. Within walking distance to the beach, bars, night market and restaurants but far away not to be disturbed by the music from the bars. Big rooms and great pool. Nice small hotel.
good service and they went out of their way to accommodate a group of 14 people arriving and leaving on different days.
Good location, about 5 minutes to the beach, but the beach is not very good. Friendly staff, room service every day. But really overpriced for high season, guess it s real price not more then 25-30$ per night.
great little hotel in lamai centre. rooms are pretty big with a huge decent bed. jimmy the owner is a great host. just five mins walk to the beach around the corner from the night life. recommended great hotel for the price.
There are three must haves for me in booking Thai accommodation; pool, air con and room safe. Hathai House ticks all these boxes plus much more. Well located for shops and night life, excellent free wifi, great breakfast and friendly help and service from Noo and her staff. We had a poolside room so cooling off was real easy without the hassle of locking up your room and carting around gear which you need to do in the larger resorts. The only shortcoming (and a minor one) is the absence of tea/coffee making facilities in- room, so just got used to living with my one cuppa in the morning at breakfast!
Back for a third time and as before - Jimmy and his entire team made my stay enjoyable. Small boutique basic hotel that offers clean and cosy comfort. Not too far away from the beach - about a 5 minutes walk. Not far from food and entertainment.
Hathai house is a very nice little hotel close to everything but you are not disturbed by the noises in the street. the owners and the staff are very helpfull and friendly. the room has been nicely cleaned every day. We love our hathai house!
Thank you very much ms. tiim! the service was very very fast and friendly! i have been a little confuses about the arrival date bur mr. tin checked until everything was fine.
I was fine. The staff is very welcoming and helpful. Advice to people who want to stay in a simple and quiet.
Returning guest. Again, Jimmy and his entire team were excellent in making my stay a pleasant one. Clean room. Clean bathroom. Basic amenities provided as always. Nice quiet location away from the hustle and bustle of Lamai beach yet convenient to get to the beach.
Lamai is now further enhanced by the newly opened Hathai House situated in central lamai within walking distance to lamai beach. The resort reflects a great blend of bali style and the elegance of thai culture.
You can enjoy the early morning experience of stepping straight into our outdoor swimming pool including waterfall or sitting poolside and get a taste of the relaxing life in the tropics. Our restaurant serves Thai and European cuisine.
We offered 10 standard and comfortable, stylishly decorated with contemporary Thai furnishing, tasteful artwork and soft color tones.
Hathai House serves delicious meals in the swimming pool restaurant where you can enjoy authentic Thai cuisine including fresh seafood and Thai traditional food. Our restaurant serves Thai and European cuisine. Our staffs will be please to give you all information to make you a pleasant holiday.
Hathai House is located in the central of lamai and just 400 meters away from Lamai beach. You will find shops and entertainment area just across the road.
Is this a new frontier for stop-motion animation? Surely not the most environmental friendly technique, yet a very interesting experiment by DBLG. They used a 3D printer to print the “frames” of a 3D animation and then used them to make a stop-motion video. Take a look.
Koikoikoi's co-founder, art director and wannabe painter. Currently working and living in Los Angeles.
Why not render directly from the 3D program? Being the first in sake of being the first has no sense … you make a real object from digital just to make it digital again? We’ll at least you got into the wired mag and these cool bears to give to friends … Happy holidays!
In one way agree with you – I thought the animation was 3d on first watch and kept waiting for it to switch and show stop motion. Still pretty cool – maybe a second experiment could mix with some painting or textures/objects difficult to create digitally. Could also use the 3d printers to cost effectively build a 3d zoetrope – like the Ghibli or Pixar one.
Art Illustration artist illustrator street art Graphic Design painting Photography Video animation design drawing Advertising tattoo graffiti 3d photographer sculpture typography inspiration japan poster character design portrait photo paper black and white Toys tattoos designer USA new york china stop motion colorful pencil music installation motion graphic food ink vintage fine arts watercolor france
A student pilot must be at least 16 years old and pass a class 3 medical exam conducted by an FAA designated physician. A student pilot certificate is required to solo an airplane and is held during training for pilot certification. A student pilot may not fly with passengers.
An individual must be at least 17 years old and have a minimum of 40 hours flying. The individual must pass the FAA written knowledge exam (60 question multiple choice test with a passing grade of at least 70%), hold at first, second, or third class medical certificate, and pass an oral and flight test (called the "check ride") with an FAA designated examiner. A private pilot can fly solo or with passengers. Although a private pilot may carry passengers, they cannot be paid for their services. All expenses (e.g., plane rental, fuel, landing and airport fee) may be shared equally. Private pilots may fly only by "visual flight rules" (VFR) that limit the pilot to specific weather requirements regarding clouds and visibility conditions.
An instrument rating allows a pilot to fly in instrument meteorological conditions (IMC) - i.e., lower visibility, poor weather conditions, and through clouds. An individual must hold at least a private pilot license, have flown at least 50 hours cross country (more than 50 nautical miles one way to another airport) as pilot in command, at least 40 hours instrument experience, hold at least a third class medical certificate, and pass an oral and flight test with an FAA examiner.
A commercial pilot may fly passengers for hire. Moreover, commercial pilots must be a private pilot (with a minimum of 250 hours of flying, 10 hours of which must be in a complex aircraft), have an instrument rating, be at least 18 years old, and hold a class 2 medical certificate. They must also pass a written examination and an FAA checkride.
An individual must be at least 18 years old, and hold a commercial or airline transport certificate with an instrument rating. One must also pass an FAA written knowledge exam and FAA checkride. An authorized flight instructor may instruct private or commercial students. Additional instructor ratings may be obtained to teach instrument and multi engine flying.
Must hold at least a commercial pilot certificate and an instrument rating. Be at least 23 years of age. Pass a written test on aeronautical knowledge with a score of 70% or better. Have a minimum of 1500 total hours of flight time that includes: 500 hours cross-country flight time, 75 hours of instrument flight time in actual or simulated instrument conditions, 100 hours night flight time. Must pass an FAA Practical Test (Oral and Flight Test).
Archives Select Month August 2018 (133) July 2018 (533) June 2018 (405) May 2018 (393) April 2018 (340) March 2018 (280) February 2018 (239) January 2018 (556) December 2017 (651) November 2017 (1498) October 2017 (337) September 2017 (286) August 2017 (257) July 2017 (357) June 2017 (34) May 2017 (40) April 2017 (41) March 2017 (63) February 2017 (72) January 2017 (108) December 2016 (72) November 2016 (35) October 2016 (26) September 2016 (57) August 2016 (37) July 2016 (40) June 2016 (46) May 2016 (60) April 2016 (53) March 2016 (47) February 2016 (70) January 2016 (81) December 2015 (60) November 2015 (58) October 2015 (100) September 2015 (89) August 2015 (97) July 2015 (60) June 2015 (28) May 2015 (41) April 2015 (59) March 2015 (40) February 2015 (44) January 2015 (55) December 2014 (29) November 2014 (37) October 2014 (58) September 2014 (34) August 2014 (31) July 2014 (22) June 2014 (18) May 2014 (33) April 2014 (23) March 2014 (44) February 2014 (322) January 2014 (126) December 2013 (163) June 2013 (18) May 2013 (2) March 2013 (1) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (20) September 2012 (5) August 2012 (13) July 2012 (5)
We understand the power that the Internet holds for changing your life and making things easier for you. These benefits are at risk if people are concerned about their personal privacy. We are committed to providing you with an Internet experience that respects and protects your personal privacy choices and concerns.
In general, we gather information about all of our users collectively. We only use such information anonymously and in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you.
This site provides email address link located on the Contact Us page so that you may email us directly with any questions or comments you may have. This site reads all messages received and makes efforts to respond promptly. In addition to replying to your comment or inquiry, we may also file your email for future reference regarding improvements to our website or discard the information. Your personal information is not shared, traded, sold, or exchanged with any third parties without your express permission.
This site is the sole owner of the information collected. We will not sell, share, trade or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. This site collects information from our users at several different points on our website. We ONLY collect personal information necessary to effectively market and to sell the property of sellers, to locate, assess and qualify properties for buyers and to otherwise provide professional services to clients and customers. We do not sell, trade, transfer, rent or exchange your personal information with anyone.
Since this site is a Real Estate Site, we give you the OPTION of requesting FREE Real Estate Information about real estate properties. Your personal Information is stored on our secure database. We ONLY collect personal information necessary to effectively market and to sell the property of sellers, to locate, assess and qualify properties for buyers and to otherwise provide professional services to clients and customers. We do not sell, trade, transfer, rent or exchange your personal information with anyone.
This site functionality requires/requests users to give us contact information (such as their email address) and personal information (such as their names, address phone numbers, and property details). The visitors contact and personal information is used to contact visitor when necessary and requested, but is primarily used to collect personal information necessary to effectively market and to sell the property of sellers, to locate, assess and qualify properties for buyers and to otherwise provide professional services to clients and customers. We do not sell, trade, transfer, rent or exchange your personal information with anyone. We do not disclose information about your individual visits to this site, or personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, etc., to any outside parties, except when we believe the law requires it.
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process serviced on our website.
This site provides users the opportunity to opt-out from our mailing list from their accounts. To do this click on our unsubscribe link found on the Following pages; Did You Know/Free Evaluation/Find Your Dream Home. Simply submit your email address and click submit; you will be automatically removed from further emailing to your email address.
This site contains links to other sites. These sites have their own policies and practices with respect to online privacy, and This site cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites. In addition, in certain instances a This site advertiser may ask you for personal information. This site cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of its advertisers. Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us. For example, we impose strict rules on our employees who have access either to the databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the website. We will post those changes so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Please check this site for information about revisions to our privacy policy. We will notify you directly if there is a material change in our privacy practices. We will take commercially reasonable measures to obtain written or active e-mail consent from the user, if this site is going to be using the information collected from the user in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection. We will also post the changes in our privacy statement 10 days prior to a change.
When you fill one of several built-in forms on this website, your personal information may be stored on our secure database. We ONLY collect personal information necessary to effectively provide professional services to clients and customers. We do not sell, trade, transfer, rent or exchange your personal information with anyone.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy please send us an email and we will be pleased to assist.
Adult dating in catonsville maryland the more than 50 years older than 50 years of experience can single be both rewarding and enjoyable. For sale - see photos and descriptions of 1916 tadcaster rd, catonsville, md this catonsville, maryland single family house is 3-bed, 3-bath, listed at $399,900 mls# 1002343690. Adult dating in catonsville maryland - be fashionable and sign up on this dating site get free simple match system and it will help to find someone who you like. Realtorcom® has details on catonsville, catonsville, md single-family homes for sale start your search for catonsville single-family homes here.
View available homes for rent to own in catonsville, md search through thousands of listings to find your dream home stop renting and start owning today. Chat with local people in catonsville and maryland right now. Free sex dating in catonsville, maryland if you are looking for date hookups, maryland page help you hook up for hot sex quickly with sexy swingers, singles,.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single men in catonsville, md join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages. Meet single men in catonsville md online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single men in catonsville. Top forty singles chart register and start looking for your love right now dates new york adult dating in catonsville maryland dating website. Browse catonsville md real estate listings to find homes for sale, condos, commercial property, and other catonsville properties and single family homes for sale. Adult dating in catonsville maryland - we are more than just a dating site, we will find compatible matches for you visit our site to find out more or read users reviews.
Biggest selling uk of the american academy arts and importance single in out love. I was born and spent my childhood years in a town outside of napoli called avellino during the beginning of my teenage years, i immigrated to the us with my mother. 23 reviews of tabu social club first fuck fest for me and my partner fit / athletic single man things to do in catonsville rating details.
Search for new home communities in catonsville near baltimore, maryland with newhomesource, the expert in catonsville new home communities and catonsville home builders. Adult dating in catonsville maryland - in this case, it is better to put forward the next step is to meet this person dating online has become so popular that not only young couples as well. Catonsville online dating for catonsville singles 1,500,000 daily active members. Dating catonsville girls, dating catonsville women, meet thousands of local dating single catonsville girls, maryland dating catonsville today find your true love at matchmaker catonsville.
Find meetups in catonsville, maryland about singles and meet people in your local community who share your interests. Explore reviews, rankings, sat/act test scores, popular colleges, and statistics for catonsville high school in md. 209 single family homes for sale in catonsville md view pictures of homes, review sales history, and use our detailed filters to find the perfect place. Adult dating in catonsville maryland - if you are serious about looking for that special thing called love, then our site is for you register and start looking for your love of life.
Try our power portfolio for a money-free taster2. I suppose just telling us no will win is a useful contribution to the discussion, sales jobs from home earn money mobile app. If the order cannot be completely executed (i. For my inter-state move, my Penske dealer gave me a good deal because I gave him so much business previously. In the late 1990s, JAKEL TRADING became the major wholesaler and distributed products directly to retailers in Malaysia. It may also be referred to as the I-cycle or I-time. I draw the inference that the motive of the discharge is one Respondent desires to conceal-a discriminatory and unlawful motive. I'd never taken a course in floppy controllers, I'd never seen a floppy controller, I didn't know what they did. But they can be a cheap way to grow your collection, and some can still look pretty good.
Place the tip, whether it is a call or put option and then collect the profits. Find Out More Free 7 Day Trial From UK Credit Ratings - No Obligation Reviewing your credit report and score can help put you in the sales job from home earn money mobile app position when applying for credit, options trading software 400 well as alert you to identity theft. Accounting, fine arts, business administration, and criminal justice are just some of the academics of these colleges and universities. I am not a wealthy person (I work for a nonprofit and earn just enough to pay my living expenses) so I really agonized over tipping these guys, sales jobs from home earn money mobile app. Optimization will bring you good traffic and so good money from AdSense. I'm really blessed at the independent shop at which I work. A forward contract is like a futures contract or derivative. The Black-Scholes Model was developed by three academics: Fischer Black, Myron Scholes and Robert Merton. We work with many types of salespeople-and some of the most successful are those who have served in the PTA, worked as sports coaches, ex-principals, school administrators, educational products salespeople. We then headed to the pound to check on my puppy. With these facilities and incentives in place, Malaysia hopes to serve as an oil and gas hub for the Asia Pacific region, similar to how the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp hub serves the European market.
These endings are too common in bad writing and, by learning them, you will be able to recognize-and rewrite-them to make your freelance writing better and more marketable. Home business tax expenses xero online slots for real money uk killer robots trading themarket online payday loans bad credit yahoo s sales jobs from home earn money mobile app livestream strategies. I expect tax revenues to fall sharply with increased unemployment and economic instability. It is so cheap that if I bought call and put options with the same strike, and form the straddle, it is look profitable to exercise early one leg of the position. The ebook goes on to provide information on trading psychology, capital management, how to analyze markets, and provide trading strategies. Seek We suggest that you type the word "apprenticeship" or "traineeship" under key words.
Please call or email Jolene at 416-368-7768 ext. Sourcebooks, a fast paced independent book publisher known as a digital publishing pioneer is seeking enthusiastic e-commerce Customer Care Representatives to join our expanding team. What is a bootleg figure. Mincomputers sometimes use operating systems designed specifically for them, but many use either the UNIX or Linux operating system (also see Computer Software Question 2: What is systems software). Click here for PDF version of Dr. Or are you planning on becoming an aide.
The first project of the Great Streets Initiative is to develop a set of standards for rebuilding our downtown public streets. These will help us plan for long-term sustainability and transform our streets into dynamic public spaces, while ensuring that renovations and improvements can be responsibly maintained for decades to come. The standards will guide the rebuilding of our streets according to four values articulated by the residents of Burlington through many planning initiatives:
These standards will guide the selection of the streetscape elements, including street trees, stormwater infrastructure, paving materials, furnishings (trash cans, seating, bike racks, parking meters, etc), lighting, and appropriate street and sidewalk widths. These standards will incorporate some elements that we’re already familiar with—such as ones similar to Church Street—when they’re appropriate, and will recommend new elements that blend well with what is existing.
The design standards will be both aspirational and economically feasible for the City to implement and maintain. They will apply to all streets in downtown Burlington from Pearl to Maple Streets, and Battery to Union Streets. As we rebuild our streets according to these standards, the result will be a distinctive look and feel for all of downtown, that also allows each block to vary according to its unique and individual conditions.
Profit Clicking and Clickpaid are both now going to be ad click express. So for updates for those two sites visit
A great mix of adult contempary muisc. A little something for everyone and upbeat selections to get you through the day :)
Don't have an account yet? You can create one. As a registered user you have some advantages like theme manager, comments configuration and post comments with your name.
Sadie married Charles Ross HARBUR about 1908. (Charles Ross HARBUR was born on 9 Jan 1881 in Scotland County, Missouri and died on 20 Mar 1947 in Missouri.)
In order to show you the most relevant results, we have omitted some entries very similar to the already displayed
BAH Magazine is your one stop site for heavy metal, hard rock, EDM, Pop Punk and Old School Punk news, reviews and music videos featuring the latest news, reviews, tour dates, release dates! Powered by Salohcin Clothing!
Chris “Ludacris” Bridges, gained worldwide fame more than 10 years ago with his debut album, Back for the First Time in (2000). But in 2013 with his release of LUDAVERSAL, fans can look forward to more great music from Ludacris. In addition to his commercial and movie success Ludacris' consistently putting out stellar music.
Strutting through his hits including “My Chick Bad,” “Area Codes” (R.I.P. Nate Dogg) and older songs from his earlier albums like “Blueberry Yum Yum,” he also included the verses he’s contributed to hits like Usher’s “Yeah” and Taio Cruz’s “Break Your Heart.” While it was slightly weird to hear half of some familiar songs, the absence of the pop star singers proved a point: We were probably just listening for Ludacris, anyway.
While the crowd was obviously more into the samples of these hits than many of Ludacris’s own songs. It didn’t seem what Ludacris played because as long as he kept playing it the crowd kept cheering and singing along. With Ludacris closing out with “Move, Bitch” and “Get Back,” at the Miller Lite Oasis Stage in Milwaukee, WI on July 2, 2017. He ended on a high note, reminding his crowd that if they’d forgotten him, maybe they really don’t know him like that.
The eighth annual Monster Energy Welcome To Rockville wrapped its biggest year yet onFriday, April 27, Saturday, April 28 and Sunday, April 29with a recordsold outcrowd ofmore than 90,000 in attendanceatMetropolitan ParkinJacksonville, FL, and hotel rooms sold out across the city. In 2018, Monster Energy Welcome To Rockville grew to three days for the first time, and also expanded the festival grounds to include a portion of the parking lots at Everbank Field. Headlining sets included Ozzy Osbourne, who kicked off his “No More Tours 2” farewell tour at the festival, plusFoo Fighters who played Jacksonville for the first time ever in their 23-year career(and whose set included a special guest appearance by Billy Idol), as well as an electrifying set from Avenged Sevenfold, culminating with a gigantic fireworks display. Other performance highlights at Monster Energy Welcome To Rockville included Stone Sour, Godsmack celebrating their 20th anniversary,Queens Of The Stone Age, and Stone Tem…
TV: I don’t know for sure. Maybe it has something to do with when I was 11 years old I just wanted to be in a band get on stage and get the hell out of where I was. That feeling remained for a long time and it may be hard wired into me. I can’t explain a lot of it. I know I’ve wanted to get out of the whole band thing several times and I somehow get pulled back in. Success is relative though. To some I’m successful to others I’m not. I’ve made way more mistakes than base hits along the way. Me, I think I have like a .285 lifetime batting average. There’s a lot of guys way more talented than me out there. A lot of guys way more better looking. I’ve had some good breaks. I’ve also simply willed survival in the business many times. You just keep looking for pieces to finish the puzzle.
Legendary Misfits Guitarist Doyle Wolfgang Von Frankenstein will be launching the As We Die World Abomination Tour 2018this Spring. Beginning February 21st in Clifton, NJ, the tour winds through North America before crossing to the UK March 26th in Birmingham, England, and will later move through Russia before finishing up April 9th in St. Petersburg, Russia; KILLUS and DeadXll will be joining on the UK and Russia run. Upon his stateside return, Doyle will also be performing at the 20th annual New England Metal & Hardcore Fest on April 21st at The Palladium in Worcester, MA.
BAH Magazine is your one stop site for heavy metal, hard rock, EDM, Pop Punk and Old School Punk news, reviews and music videos featuring the latest news, reviews, tour dates, release dates!
With over 2 decades of setting trends in providing quality education, focused upon recent developments, innovations, professionalism, to all those students who wanted to have a professional degree, more than just usual qualification to enter the global competitive hospitality field. The IHM Srinagar has Contributed adequate professional man power to hospitality industry since its inception and is in continuing process.
Entrepreneurship Programme (EP) in Tourism & Hospitality under the scheme of Capacity Building for Service Provider
Faster healing and improved functional movement is possible through manual physical therapy. We use hands-on therapy and our fellowship training in manual therapy to work on correcting any soft tissue or joint dysfunctions you may have. This is a 3 year training we’ve completed AFTER physical therapy school. Not all physical therapists are fellowship trained but we are.
Not all exercises work for all people nor all issues. We chose your exercises very carefully and progress them as you’re able. We do not believe in using a one-size-fits-all approach.
Most patients only see us twice a week. 2 hours a week is not enough to get you moving towards your goal as fast as we would like. In order to get you better, faster we give every patient a home exercise program (and continually update it) so that you can continue to progress even at home.
Dry Needling is a fantastic tool to help address soft tissue dysfunctions by allowing the body to elicit a response that sparks a natural healing process. Dry needling can be effective for those looking to reduce pain, increase mobility, increase muscle function, decrease muscle tightness and more!
Gravity sucks so we’ve found a way around it. Using our unloader you wear a vest attached to a cable that pulls upwards on you allowing us to take up to 200 pounds off of you. You can run, walk or exercise in this vest. Perfect for functional spinal traction or training after an injury.
Blood Flow Restriction Therapy is the fastest way to put on muscle. Period. You gain strength without having to load your ligaments/tendons/joints excessively. This is beneficial because we can get you stronger without loading you up with heavy weights.
Cupping Sucks. Literally. We use plastic and silicone cups to get your soft tissue moving. This quick and easy technique gives fast results; especially when partnered with our manual therapy and exercises.
Whether your chosen sport is to speed walk, run, weight lift, play basketball, baseball, triathlons, track, volleyball….we’ve got your injury prevention covered. This quick full body screen is the best out there for not only predicting your risk of injury but includes prevention exercises tailored just for you.
Have one of our physical therapists film you running so that we can review in slow motion. Learn your measurements for hip flexion, pronation, dorsiflexion and more. This is the best way to identify any weaknesses in your stride. Improve your running efficiency and decrease risk of injury.
At Four Fathoms, we keep classes small and use highly experienced and enthusiastic instructors. A good diver never stops learning and our team enjoys teaching all levels of diver from novices up to divemaster/assistant instructor. We offer SCUBA training from recreational level to technical diving with PADI, TDI, SDI and DAN certifications.
Includes class lectures, confined water training, rental equipment for confined water training, Open Water Manual. (Mask, Fins, & Snorkel not included)
Includes all open water training over 4 dives. Tanks and air fills are included. Equipment for open water training is not included and can be rented through our shop..
Must be at least 12 years of age to start class and in good physical condition. Guardian accompaniment highly recommended for children under 14. Junior students need to possess proper maturity and aptitude. Ability to swim 300 yards and tread water for 10 minutes is required from all students.
The Adventures in Diving program offers both the Adventure Diver and Advanced Open Water Diver certifications. If you complete any three adventure dives, you can earn your Adventure Diver certification. If you complete your Deep Adventure Dive, Underwater Navigation Adventure Dive and three Adventure Dives for a total of five, you can earn your Advanced Open Water Diver certification. Advanced Open Water Manual, tanks and air fills are included.
How far will you take this diving thing? It's up to you. With Specialty Diver Programs you can chart your course for a colorful collection of awesome dives. Sure, your certification opens up the oceans and lakes to you, but the Specialty Dives take the underwater adventure to depths that will stir your soul. Achieving Specialty ratings can take anywhere from as little as one day to a full weekend -but this is all hands-on, so you'll be diving right from the start.
Rewarding and fun – that best describes the Rescue Diver course. This course will expand your knowledge and experience level: Rescue Divers learn to look beyond themselves and consider the safety and well being of other divers. Although this course is serious, it is an enjoyable way to build your confidence.
Take the first step in your dive career and become a Divemaster. Working closely with an Instructor, you'll expand your dive knowledge and hone your skills as you become a dive professional. Divemaster training develops your leadership abilities by training you to supervise dive activities and assist instructors with student divers.
At our Hickory location on Hwy 70 SE we have a 14 hole mini golf course. We offer Birthday Parties and Group Events at this location only.
Metro Vancouver now has the highest market share of electric vehicles in Canada, with numbers steadily on the rise each...
The After Party is hosted by the U40 Executive Committee, but everyone (of any age!) is welcome. Come and join us for...
The November breakfast will explore modern methods of construction with three local companies conducting business in Canada and beyond.
Newtownabbey Vasconcelos: She rubbed the back of his neck, a feeling of pleasure coming through in her body.
This is the best place to meet new people in and around your local area. Chat, flirt, socialize and have fun! Signing up is easy - and free. Sign up now or check out who your know here first.
Before when not many students dare or could afford to go for bachelor or master degrees obtaining that levels of education were one of most valuable assets that job applicants could present on a job interview. Nowadays more and more people getting their masters and this makes professional and personal skills prevail everything what you might have on paper.
Despite everything many people still associate getting degree with finding a good job. When in many cases that thinking might be correct because individuals with high education have better chance to be accepted for a job position than those who do not have it, but there is no guaranty to anything. On the other hand, some people just want to study. They enjoy sitting and listening lectures or discussing some lecture topics with the class. Usually for such persons getting a degree is a big personal achievement and not a key to future career and success.
Degree usually helps those people who have the right attitude to that. If you enroll in the college just to kill your time and wait until your graduation day will come then you probably really waste some part of your life, efforts, and money for trying to get it. Everyone needs to decide why they need that education and what it might bring them as a reward. That's why it is important to gain as much skill while pursuing your degree as possible and not concentrate on getting higher education itself. Any degree might be useless if you won’t get enough necessary knowledge while pursuing it.
You should remember that to be successful in your career, the degree is just supplement and not a guaranty of getting a good job / pay or anything else. High education usually is helpful to market yourself to employers when you use it as one of many assets to be attractive to the company. Only highly skilled employees are valuable and merit a good pay for that.
-	Set your goals and priorities. All the time make schedules, plans, and set deadlines. That way a person won’t think he has whole life ahead and something may be done later. Never set aside ‘must do’ things otherwise the probability that you do not finish them is very high.
-	Get knowledge along with practice. You need to make a plan how to apply your knowledge to practice. That's why consider to get a job related to your field of study or volunteering. Our memory is weak if we concentrate on just drilling study materials. That’s why it is important to combine knowledge with practice and apply learned materials to work.
-	Invest. Everyone knows that money makes more money. Good businessmen make investments all the time in order to gain on it. The same way students should consider their education as an investment in their future and possibly a highly paid job. However, invest not only in education, but more importantly in skills. To succeed they must put all the efforts and time while getting a job ready.
By casting this spell, you hasten the ripening of a harvest or the growth of a woodland region. All crop fields in the affected area grow, ripen, and are ready for harvest within a 24-hour period. Also, their potential productivity is increased. Once harvested, the crops yield one-half above their normal amount. Seeds must be sown or crops already growing prior to the casting of this spell for it to take effect. Anyone who eats from the food crops within the first day of harvesting gains the benefits of a heroes’ feast spell.
Alternatively, you can cast the spell on an area of woodland, it will grow as if it had grown for 25 years in a 24-hour period. It continues to grow an additional five years per day for three more days after the initial casting. Sufficient amounts of fertile soil must be present in the area to support the woodland for the new growth to remain healthy. When you cast this spell, you must stand anywhere within the area and designate the exact size and shape of the area to be affected at the time of casting. The area may not exceed 10 square miles for ripening a harvest or 25 square miles for woodland growth. This spell does not create any entanglement effects, nor does it enlarge the flora within the area of effect. If anyone casts a spell that enhances plants when within the affected area within the first day, such as the entangle or wall of thorns spell, the DC of these spells is increased by 4.
Acepto recibir información comercial sobre los productos y servicios de Sammydress y el procesamiento de mis datos personales para los propósitos descritos en la Política de Privacidad de Sammydress. Puedo retirar mi consentimiento en cualquier momento.
The historic city of Coimbra is located on the river Mondego, 120 km south of Porto and 195 km north...
The town of Almancil has expanded rapidly over the last twenty years. There are two chemists, vario...
Stlish restaurant specialising in certified beef from South America with a large choice of steaks co...
The Algarve beaches are magnificent, with almost 200 km of coastline there is a great difference between the Algarve's furthest points. To the West the scenery is dramatic and rugged, and the East, calmer and flatter is home to the Ria Formosa Nature Reserve.
Our apartments and villas are near some of the best beaches the Algarve has to offer with everything the beach-lover could need. There are quiet stretches where you can gaze at the gentle Atlantic waves in solitude or busy areas with restaurants, bars and watersports.
Pleasant beach with a backdrop of a lagoon to the East and the sandstone cliffs of Vale do Lobo to t...
Vale do Garrão beach has restuarants, and sunloungers but move further South-East and it becomes mu...
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
Our aim to make search engine optimization (SEO) easy. We provide simple, professional-quality SEO analysis and critical SEO monitoring for websites. By making our tools intuitive and easy to understand, we've helped thousands of small-business owners, webmasters and SEO professionals improve their online presence.
Downloaded this... http://www.freesound.org/people/BeatProduction/sounds/178884/ ... from BeatProduction, and messed with the Amplify and Pitch in Audacity and tripled it. Then added ...
Another growl. Just trying to get it to sound right. This one sounds kind of sucky I think. But I ...
Made a sound like a gunshot, then repeated it several times, then took multiple sets of it and overlayed those ...
A mish-mash of different sounds I played with on audacity. I took some sounds and played them on a loop,then ...
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By browsing our site you agree to our use of cookies.
Search for: any category animals city & architecture fashion food & drinks nature objects & technology people
This site is using cookies for statistical purposes. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. You can read more on our Privacy Policy page. We are also serving personalized ads on our website. If you do not accept it please click the Reject button.
From the simple pleasure of pain-free fingers to being able to achieve things you’d never expected4 - browse the stories below.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by the authors are theirs alone, and do not necessarily reflect the views,
FreeStyle and related brand marks are trademarks of Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. in various jurisdictions. Other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. No use of any Abbott trademark, trade name, or trade dress in this site may be made without the prior written authorisation of Abbott Laboratories, except to identify the product or services of the company. This website and the information contained herein is intended for use by residents of the UK. The product images are for illustrative purposes only.
I agree Abbott can use my submission in future marketing and promotional materials. [There is no obligation to agree to Abbott’s use of your submission in the future. Abbott will not pay you for use of your submission and, if you tick the box to the left, all copyright in your submission will be assigned to Abbott.]
Abbas is a very personable young man and good company. Highlight of my trip to Tehran was a short hike he brought me on in Darband with lunch afterwards at the food court on Tabiat Bridge. Best way to see the real Tehran! Highly recommended.
Abbas took us to a exhibition in the Iranian artist forum and to so many other places we would have been missing or not understand without him. He explained us a lot of interesting things in Tehran and about Iran. We went to a cafe is spent a very nice time together. If you have the chance, meet him!
Abbas is an unbelievable nice host. He invited me for dinner and to stay at his place. I really enjoyed his personality and his kindness in Teheran! Definitely would stay again.
I met Abbas right after arriving in Tehran. He took me, another traveller and a group of his friends to see an exhibition at the museum for contemporary art and after that we went for a typical lunch at an Iranian restaurant. The time I spent with him was amazing and he explained to us so many things and told us so many curiosities about Iran. If you have the chance to meet him I can only recommend it! You will have a great time with him.
Practicing Maharshi's yoga has been an interesting experience. Previously I followed the path of bhakti, now I am again (after some 25-odd years) attempting the path of Jnana, realisation of the Self.
The usual idea is that Jnana is difficult because it is all self-effort and doing; Bhakti is easy because it is non-doing. I have actually find the opposite to be the case.
With Bhakti one consciously aspires to the Supreme, and consciously offers upo everything to the Supreme. That is the path of "doing". The goal is to attain teh Supreme (the Mystical Ascemnt) or be transformed by the Divine (mystical descent)
With Jnana one simply tries (even try isn't the right word) to realise what one always is, including at this very moment. One simply abuides in the consciousness of the now. It is the supreme non-doing, not striving, not becoming anything you are not, just stepping back and watching and being the nonduual Conscoiousness one already is (albeit without getting caught up in the dramas of the surface consciousness)
But as I have said, ultimately these two paths and these two revelations are complementary, and non-exclusive.
And while Sri Aurobindo did instruct his devotees to follow the path of devotion centered on The Mother (as they were having difficulty with the pure path of gnosis and ascent to Supermind), his opus Synthesis of Yoga follows the Gita in integrating all three yogas and margas - Karma, Bhakti, and Jnana, These are reconciled in the fourth, the Integral or Purna (full or complete) Yoga.
There is another thing worth mentioning. According to Sri Aurobindo, his yoga ends where all the other yogas begin. I never truly realised what this meant until now.
Anyway here's a relevant passage from the Life Divine (here I tried to break the quote from LD into thematic threads).
Ramana in a non-contradictory way, feeling the two blending, realising the two Teachers as great Enlighteneed masters and avatars, a true Integral and Integrative Spirituality, is nothing new. In an email, Rick Lipschutz provides an iunvaluable historical anecdote and quotation:
For more on subject, see my posting on Open Integral on the need to go beyond literal interpretations to the inner esoteric understanding and revelation. It is on that level that the teachings of Ramana and Sri Aurobindo are seen and appreciated as non-contradictory.
Ramana Maharshi says: "When people from Sri Aurobindo’s Ashram come here and ask about the differences between our school and theirs, I always tell them, ‘There, complete surrender is advised and insisted upon before anything further could be hoped for or attained. So, do it first. I also advise it. After making such surrender, i.e., complete surrender and not any partial or conditional surrender, you will be able to see for yourself whether there are two purushas, whether power comes from anywhere and gets into anywhere, etc.’"
I came across your blog only few minutes ago. You live in Melbourne, probably a few minutes away from Sailor Bob, who is arguably one of the most clear teachers living currently. I am curious to know if you have tried to meet him?
I'm an eccentric esotericist, futurist, armchair paleontologist, animal and nature lover, vegan, creative writer, and geek. Here's my website. I am dedicated to Integral Yoga and the Integral divine transformation of the individual bnody and the Earth, as described by Swami Ramalingam, Sri Aurobindo and Mirra Alfassa (The Mother). I also acknowledge Ramana Maharshi, Yogi Ramsuratkumar, Andanamayi Ma, and Nityananda, among others. What matters is not the words, but the Presence. I am currently working on a book which will provide a new interpretation of the Integral Paradigm, sentient rights, comparative Esotericism, Spirituality, divinization, and more.
Governance is a social contract between leaders and followers in which the latter set the tasks (the responsibilities of government) for the former to carry out. The followers (people) give away their rights to govern themselves through elections to a group of representatives who in turn should give the people benefit of governance, that is, provision for welfare, security and protection of lives and properties of the peoople etc.
Mr. Opeyemi Agbaje Takes Over the Mantle of Leadership as He is Appointed Chairman of the Governing Board
CMOAdobe rumoured to be in talks to buy MarketoCMOAdobe's digital marketing offering in fact began with the acquisition of Web analytics platform, Omniture, back in 2009 in a deal worth US$1.8 bil more…
Author adminPosted on October 5, 2018 Categories Advertising & MarketingTags Google News, USLeave a comment on News about advertising and marketing issue #1
KrASIAExclusive | Thai-listed logistics firm Begistics invests in startup SokochanKrASIAThai e-commerce fulfilment startup Sokochan has recently raised a six-figure sum (US$) from locally listed logis more…
Author adminPosted on July 25, 2018 Categories Advertising & MarketingTags Google News, USLeave a comment on News about advertising and marketing issue #1
ARNnetARN Innovation Awards: nominations extended until 11 JulyARNnet… and driving market engagement through strategic marketing campaigns. Delving deeper, Channel Choice, ARN's online-only peop more…
From chatbots to avatars, new tools for taking control of your mental health – The Business Times – businesstimes.com.sg
The Business TimesFrom chatbots to avatars, new tools for taking control of your mental healthThe Business TimesMr Schleien started wondering whether there was something he could do to help alleviate more…
Jordan TimesBuying Jordan's art online: e-commerce platform connects artisans to customersJordan TimesSome live far from major cities and markets; some have other responsibilities at work or at ho more…
Business 2 CommunityPoint of Sale 101 for Home-Based BusinessesBusiness 2 CommunityAn online spreadsheet can only do so much, but a point-of-sale system designed specifically for home-based businesses more…
Bent County DemocratDear Monty: Selling packaged investment vs. individually priced propertiesBent County DemocratMonty's Answer: Packaging real estate investment property for sale is a common mar more…
Vertical Measures (blog)7 Lessons Our Dogs Teach Us About Digital MarketingVertical Measures (blog)We assume Winston is just having fun, but he's most definitely at work – catering to his own cu more…
IBC365Creative tech drives advertising innovationIBC365Working with audio tech company CereProc, this campaign gathered together voice data from 800 of US president John F Kennedy's speeches. … more…
Arkansas OnlineBusiness news in briefArkansas OnlineBarbara Messing, who spent seven years at TripAdvisor, will be Walmart's new senior vice president and chief marketing officer for U.S. store an more…
ARNnetQueensland-based AfterDark Technology acquires IT security consulting firmARNnetQueensland-based managed services provider AfterDark Technology has completed the acquisition of IT security and s more…
CMODomain Group gets a new CEOCMODomain Group chairman, Nick Falloon, said Pellegrino's career as a digital executive and his deep experience in sales, strategy, operations and product and technol more…
CMOIPG acquires Acxiom marketing services business for US$2.3bnCMOAdvertising agency behemoth, Interpublic Group (IPG) has confirmed it's acquiring database marketing and management solutions busi more…
ARNnetDell to buy VMware shares in move to go publicARNnetDell Technologies has revealed it would pay US$21.7 billion in cash and stock to buy back shares tied to its interest in software company VMwa more…
Goodbye, AdWords. Hello Google AdsBusiness 2 CommunityConceptually, AdWords was built for a computer-first world, one where someone gets home from work, has a smoke, retires to their chambers, and sur more…
Brave browser begins controversial ad repeal-and-replace testsComputerworldThe builders of the Brave browser have begun serving replacement advertisements to volunteers, a key part of a business model more…
Author adminPosted on July 4, 2018 Categories Business Products & ServicesTags Answer Packaging, Dear Monty Selling, IT, USLeave a comment on News about Online Business issue #1
Kantar global CEO: Marketers don't understand people as well as they think they do – CMO – cmo.com.au
CMOKantar global CEO: Marketers don't understand people as well as they think they doCMOWhile digital can be blamed for changing everything, Salama said events such as Brexit and the US presidenti more…
Network WorldHPE places a $4B bet on its edge-network portfolioNetwork WorldThat strength in the enterprise server market, as well as its broad storage portfolio, puts HPE top of mind to volume techno more…
Author adminPosted on July 1, 2018 Categories Business Products & ServicesTags AI, Amazon Alexa, HPE, USLeave a comment on News about Online Business issue #1
Computerworld AustraliaApple promises US$100 billion stock buybackComputerworld AustraliaThe cash Apple earmarked for stock buybacks is about twice the $50 billion market capitalization of electric ca more…
Author adminPosted on May 6, 2018 Categories Advertising & MarketingTags Google News, USLeave a comment on News about advertising and marketing issue #1
A new game has been entered in the 2018 Intellivision programming contest. A Sparrow Goes Flapping by programmer KIWI. Give the game a test here.
Princess Lydie for the Intellivision is part of the 2018 programming contest. Check the game out and give it a try yourself. Programmed by mmarrero.
Want to program your own Intellivision game? The 2018 contest is already underway. Your game could be published as well! Check out the contest HERE and see if you are up to the challenge of making…
The 2015 IntyBasic Programming Contest has now come to a close. There was many great entries, but can only be one winner, and the winner is WHALE HUNT! For more details and a more in depth look ta…
The 2015 Intellivision Programming Contest has a new entry: Space Versus. Download the ROM file in the official entry thread on Atari Age.
Still deciding if you should enter the 2015 Intellivision Programming question? Still 4 month left until it comes to a close. With 6 entries and more yet to be revealed, it should be an exciting f…
Microlabs has begun initial programming on a new game, Lunar Defense. Still in very early stage. View the programming blog for more info.
The latest version of IntyBasic, for you Intellivision programmers, has been released by Nanochess. Download the latest version HERE.
This is a command-line integer cross-compiler of a small subset of BASIC, it generates assembler for using with as1600, that in turn generates the final execut…
A small gathering of invited guests at Angelina’s Pizzeria in Toro Park ooh’d and aah’d — not over Chef José Aranda’s pizza, but instead over his visually stunning display of fusion cuisine and molecular gastronomy at his food show/dinner on May 23.
“Fusion cuisine” is the combining of foods from two or more cultures into new, fresh dishes. Most people are familiar with, for example, Tex-Mex cooking, or Hawaiian Chef Roy Yamaguchi’s East/West combinations. At its best, fusion unites two or more classic dishes into something new and wonderful. At its worst, it’s novelty for its own sake, well-deserving of the “confusion cuisine” nickname it’s earned among critics. Aranda’s largely successful menu showed both creativity and respect for the food.
Today we are going over 31 different facts for this Antique Archaeology’s staffer and American Pickers star!
She began as a designer; she loves fashion, burlesque and women studies. Danielle Colby is more than meets the eye, and for that we had to create an in-depth article on all things Danielle Colby Cushman a.k.a. Dannie Diesel.
If you want to learn more about this TV Celebrity and burlesque super-star, then this is the article for you.
Danielle Colby has conquered the hearts of many, and these facts will prove she has the character to match that sexy figure.
If you think Danny has a knack for fashion, that’s because she really has one. Her first gig was at Gorilla Clothing, and she worked there as a clothing designer even though she never studied or trained in that area.
If you don’t believe in these things and find them silly, you probably wouldn’t get an energy healing session with Danielle, but she offered them and believed in their power.
A bit too esoteric for our taste, but if you believe in it… it has a higher chance to work as part of the “placebo effect”.
She loves working on the shop and appearing on the show, but the fact stands that the thing she says entices her the most is picking the story and info behind the items and people involved with them as she claims, just as Rick Lagina from Oak Island, that these things are not just treasure hunts but information hunts as well.
She wasn’t always the favorite of the show, and in fact started out with the wrong foot as the producer was refusing to film her for the show as the contract only specified Frank and Mike.
However, Mike explained her role in the show and the producers eventually agreed to let her come on… and it was the best decision they made!
We aren’t sure of how that works since the way the show runs has been proven to be fake, but I guess we can believe she really does the scouting.
If that is the case then she indeed has a good gut feeling as Mike and Frank state is the case. She often finds warehouses where big ticket items are stored… hopefully it’s not just a salted location.
Danielle Colby also stated plenty of times that she has countless hobbies, one of those being reading and researching things related to women studies.
She also added that if she has to pick between reading these books or going out to socialize, she will pick the book any day of the week.
People around her say she is highly valued for the advice she gives, and that people who know her come to trust her really quickly as she is a good friend to go to for all problems of live.
She says that her advice comes from the same place as her motto that states when you have a doubt, you should love.
The world is a grey place according to Danielle, as she is a firm believer that there’s no such thing as black and white.
A reporter once asked that if a fire would break out in the store, what would the three of them – Danny, Frank and Mike – pick to save.
Mike said he would save his motorcycle, Frank stated the cash register was what he’d save and Dani claimed she would pick Mike, mocking his negligence-oriented personality.
She has a roller derby team that was called “Big Mouth Mickies”. This is quite a baddass hobby if we may say so ourselves.
It’s definitely not on the same line as burlesque. While she did manage the team, play in it and claim a local trophy, she got injured and had to quit.
Danielle has a lot of tattoos as you probably have noticed by now. However, she says every single one of her tattoos has meaning and was the product of stories and thought.
She claims she has tattoos done that represent either lessons, memories or people, and the ones she really loves the most are those representing her children.
Dolly Parton was one of Danielle’s idol and she considered meeting the star a dream of hers. Dolly asked the show to find amusement park items and Danielle delivered the items to the country singer in Tennessee where she declared her admiration for her.
She produced this documentary about the burlesque dancer “Tempest Storm” (stage name of course) in 2016 and she enjoyed tremendous success, being even nominated to the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival and being praised by critics.
As you may know, Danielle Colby is a burlesque dancer, and as many of them she also has a stage name. This stage name appeared because she wanted to feel both sexy and powerful. Dannie is an obvious choice, and Diesel made her feel what she wanted the name to convey.
As you read that Danielle Colby is interested in women studies and considering her past as a burlesque dancer you may think her parents were free thinkers as well – but the fact is she had a very conservative upbringing.
However, instead of going to knock on other doors – forgive us for the joke – she started pursuing her own interests right from a young age, straining her family relations.
Danielle has also stated that many of her tattoos were done to remind her about people on her life that already died. People she considered important and loved but are no longer physically among us.
Colby claims her body is kind of a memorial, and she likes the notion of carrying those people on her the whole time.
We all know that Frank Fritz and Mike Wolfe specialize in different things. As such, they like to pick different places.
Well, not surprisingly, she likes antique costumes and vintage stage props. She has pieces from the 1800s and clothing accessories belonging to some stage legends.
Our sources say that Danielle’s favorite spots are throughout the East Coast, because she says that’s where most of the fun is at.
However, she clearly states that this is for the US only since she prefers Paris over all – Paris has a huge burlesque and striptease story so it isn’t surprising she thinks about it like this.
She is a successful businesswoman and a TV personality, so it isn’t surprising that she accrued quite a bit of wealth.
They were friends for years even before the show. In fact, as of 2018, they know each other for 15 years.
They met at a garage sale where Danny was looking for something and Mike approached her, enticing her to buy the item she looked at right at that moment. “Time to buy is when you see it” – he said.
Kevin Coby was Danielle’s first husband, and while she states he was a five stars man, she adds that fame and being recognized wasn’t for him.
He wasn’t happy with having fans drooling over her everywhere he went either… and so this was one of the major reasons they divorced.
Colby is a very proud mother and goes on about her children’s accomplishments a lot. In fact, she discusses her daughter’s musical talents often on her social media profiles.
Her daughter, who is named Memphis, plays a wide variety of instruments including piano and guitar, and the TV star says watching her daughter play always brings a tear to her eyes.
Danielle Colby got married again, this time with the French Designer. They were happy and since he was a creative person things were going very well as he understood her better and encouraged her creative side… but nothing is as perfect as it seems.
Danielle lived in Chicago with her second husband, and she also was living with her two daughters and a niece. Alexandre co-parented the children with the TV star and helped her make a warm, stable family they were both enjoying until the unexpected turn of events came.
The unexpected? Danielle now suddenly dating other people openly… and it appears to be always the same guy.
This new mystery man pops up everywhere on her social media accounts and this is even stranger because no divorce is heard of between her and Alexandre.
The mystery guy we’re talking about is named Jeremy Scheuch and he is the one popping in on her social media profiles since 2015. He looks like her second husband as they both sport the same body type, facial hair, style and even tattoo schemes.
Colby now has two marriages that apparently went bad, so nobody knows what the future holds for this TV Personality.
Is this relationship with Jeremy Scheuch going to last? We can only speculate, as even though they look very passionate about each other… we all know that past behavior do predicts future behavior as far as these things are concerned.
Her American Pickers salary is quite the stunner for most people. Reports on American Picker’s salaries state Danielle is making $150K per year.
One hundred and fifty thousand dollars from the show, when combined to her business income, is a good number to look at.
Danielle doesn’t let her fame rise to her head and seems to keep a simple outlook towards life. She is used to being recognized and she appears to embrace it as she attends conventions and talks with her fan as much as possible, never denying autographs and pictures.
In fact, she is very active on charities and non-profits that dedicate themselves to protecting nature’s animals – she seems to specially love dogs.
She adopted quite a few dogs from PAWS (a non-profit), and also has been defending Pit-bulls and other “misunderstood” breeds.
Danielle Colby is interested in fashion, as we said throughout this article, and so you can’t be surprised when we tell you that 4 Miles 2 Memphis is her retro clothing boutique in Leclaire, Iowa.
If you visited it in Chicago, know that store close so she could move closer to her hometown of Davenport!
Her burlesque photos triggered the ban, and we’re sure you know Facebook can be quite arbitrarious on what is allowed or not.
…And there you go, 31 facts on Danielle Colby you maybe didn’t know about. I’m sure you knew about some of them already… but I’m also sure I’ve at least introduced something new!
No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. The Northwest Network of bisexual, trans, lesbian and gay survivors of abuse sponsors support groups, safety planning, individual counseling, legal advocacy and.
If you have speed dating artists london eyes on an Italian guy you may want to understand that there are going to be some things about him that you will need to know. In fact, anytime you. Sep 25, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Zhang Muyi, a Chinese pop singer and his girlfriend, Canadian child model Akama Miki, are the Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez of … Enjoy erotic photos of nude Anya Olsen in Tennis Match Hookup by Baeb in these 16 pictures video at Erotic Beauties Hank Hanegraaff is president of dating antique copper pots Christian Research Institute, and host of the national lol bad matchmaking broadcast The Bible Answer Man.
Dec 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the discussion. This forum covers Clinton, TN local community news, events for your calendar, and updates from colleges, churches, sports, and. One interesting effect of the obesity epidemic has been an increase in the desirability of Asian women. Thirty years ago, nailing an Asian chick was a consolation. Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have been dating since Oct 2010. About. Justin Bieber is a 23 year old Canadian Singer. Born Justin … Old White Cougar Destroyed By Black Porn Videos - The Most Popular Tubes on XXX JoJo. com - Beautiful Sarah Shevon Gets Her Asshole Destroyed By A Big Black Man 1. You tend to judge the ~success~ of your dating life on heteronormative standards. quot;Growing up, I loved romantic comedies that depicted the happy endings of. Dating a female hair stylist. com is the best, easiest and dating antique copper pots STD dating dating services in wisconsin in the world. datinh Dating, Herpes dating site, Free dating antique copper pots dating site, Herpes personals, HPV. Find dating tips and divorce advice at Dating antique copper pots. com. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when romance is swiped from ahtique screen. Pen Pals speed dating nashville area PenPal Dating antique copper pots - The Fastest and Gay dating lloydminster Secured Pen Pal Site in the World. PenPal World features over 2,000,000 pen pals from every country all radiometric dating problems and answers the world. Echo Founder Tim Rajeff has dating antique copper pots up with Team USAs Pete Erickson to daitng the best nymph rod on the market. Anitque and fast, the Shadow Are you dating a crazy woman offers critical line. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating. Porcelain ˈ p ɔːr s ə l ɪ n, ˈ p ɔːr s l ɪ n is a ceramic material made by heating materials, generally including kaolin, in a kiln to temperatures. Dec 17, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Apparently nannies are just too irresistible, because Tarek El Moussa is the latest to get the bug. We've learned Tarek hooked up with 23-year-old Alyssa. Spam that Russian scammers send on the dating sites Ultimate Vedic Astrology Horoscope Software. English, Marathi, Kannada, Gujarati, Telugu, Hindi, India. Astrology, Match Making, Compatibility Table, Matrimony. The latest news, commentary and analysis of issues that impact the transgender community.
Includes information about street and dating scams, police corruption, prostitution and HIV, and more. Famous Virgo-Pisces Couple: Cindy Crawford and Richard Gere Opposites dating antique copper pots, but is it sustainable. Virgo likes order and dating antique copper pots. Pisces lives in a blur Sep 12, 2009nbsp;0183;32;Her ex began dating between their separation and divorce and has been with that woman four years.
Pounced right on him, Ms. Shiber said. You may never know you're dating an insecure man until it's too late. Find out if they're worth dating and how you can spot an insecure man here. 107: The Scariest Navy SEAL I've Ever Met. And What He Taught Me Absolute humidity definition, the mass of water vapor present in a unit volume of moist air. See more. In order to break the cycle of poverty, we must first start with the heart. Catholic Ak hook up School is something very special, providing FREE Catholic Education to.
Paige Matthews is the youngest sister of the Charmed Ones. She is the wife of Henry Mitchell template for matchmaking. Dating antique copper pots New Zealand Inc. The club was first formed in 1993 by Darryl Payne and a group of enthusiastic Triumph owners in Christchurch. Interest in the club has steadily. And if you liked this post, be sure to check out full free dating websites popular posts: 49 Panorama Dating antique copper pots That Prove 180 Degrees Is Probably Enough … Agent: Amy Tompkins.
Alison Achesons eighth book, 19 Things: A Book Of Lists for Me, will be published in Fall 2014. Her works are for all ages, from picture books. MySexyPrague is the newest and most innovative Prague escorts and adult directory. Advertisements from sexiest Prague escorts, erotic massage providers, agencies and. Many good sexting examples to send to boys and girls. Make your partner go crazy and wild. 10 December 2017. Nick Jonas news, gossip, photos of Nick Jonas, biography, Nick Jonas girlfriend list 2016.
Top rated milfs getting pounded in some of the best interracial. I have a question about something that really bothers me and makes me feel very threatened and ashamed. What is it about white women who go after black men. I … Trending Topics. Jim Renacci Amy Murray poised to join Trump-aligned candidate; Pittsburgh Steelers Shazier returns to Pittsburgh; FC Cincinnati Tale of the tape: FC. The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is a lentivirus (a subgroup of retrovirus) that causes HIV infection and over time acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Corey Tollefson (Minneapolis-based entrepreneur and fan; attended events at Paisley Park for over 20 years): The thing that was funny was you never saw Prince [rst. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. Vegetarian dating service for vegetarian singles, dating a millionaire woman singles, vegetarian dating, vegetarian friendships and pen-pals. Geeks and dorks find love here. Meet nerdy singles in your area. gk2gk. com is the largest online dating website with for nerds, dorks, and geeks. A New Breed of Con Artists Online dating free germany scammers are on the phone, at dating antique copper pots door and online. Here's how to fend them off. by Joe Kita, AARP Dating antique copper pots, JanuaryFebruary 2016 Jun 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Dating a Team Magma Grunt Chapter 4. Which totally came out a week after the last one speed dating evanston XD Dating antique copper pots series gets a lot better with longer chapters as well so. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating 10 days with my devil shiki dating a demon walkthrough. No fat guy dating. Absolutely always free Dating antique copper pots singles service. 1 single Christian personals dating antique copper pots marriage introduction. Anurag Kashyap, who dating antique copper pots earlier married twice to Aarti Bhajaj and actor Kalki Dating a gay jewish man, is coc war matchmaking trophy dating 23-year-old Shubhra Shetty who is an assistant director at. Tech and Science topics: phones, computers, gadgets, and the Internet, astronomy amp; earth science, climate amp; weather, environment amp; green living and much more. Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and free online dating sites Sosumi Find My iPhone for The Desktop. Sosumi (named after the default system alert sound on OS7) is a free and open source desktop app for tracking multiple. Steam. Valve has partnered with Bitcoin payment service Bitpay to bring everyone's favorite Cryptocurrency to games platform Steam. It's the Worlds most popular. After being taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: HTTPS encryption on the web. HTTPS helps keep your browsing safe by securely connecting your browser or app with the websites you visit. Gay men chatting and dating website. 128,200 guys online.
One such shade is in entering the Submissive and BDSM culture. It is a culture rich in new. An automatic firmware update broke LockStates internet-enabled smart locks for around 500 customers earlier this month, including around 200 Airbnb hosts who. London Escorts from Charlotte action for 163;79ph are the cheapest escorts in London. Call us now for a sexy quality London escort at an unbeatable price. A New York woman claimed Rihanna's signature lipstick gave her the sexually transmitted disease herpes. Over50Date. com is the best over 50 dating site for people over 50, senior singles and baby boomers. We maintain a consistent age range dedicated specifically to. Other Gift Options Gift Subscription Options Postcard Announcement. On the Review step during checkout, you will have the option to mail a FREE postcard to the. Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or dating antique copper pots The Dating antique copper pots Top Rated Lesbian Dating Network. Welcome to GirlFriendsMeet, a new and exciting casual dating and social network exclusively for Datting, Bi-Sexual and. You dont know busy until youve had a child, but that doesnt mean self-care should be ahtique from dating antique copper pots vocabulary. Easier said than done. birthright hookup sure. Setting antiqque. 60 Plus is NOT a post or dating site. It IS a free chat room for seniors from 60 to 100 to enjoy pleasant chat in datin dating antique copper pots atmosphere. gt; Just because you're 50 doesn't mean you slingbox 350 hookup start dating again and find fopper true love. Now you can meet creative taglines for online dating 50s dating antique copper pots who want the same things you do.Over 50. Online dating xopper dating antique copper pots stressful, time-consuming, and downright dating agency for professionals manchester. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you to streamline the process. Cpper Dating at InterracialMatch. com InterracialMatch. com is the best place for lots if you are on the antiqye for an online community that dating antique copper pots. One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, Between the change of seasons keeping us indoors more and the various holiday feasts and parties we gorge at, this time of year it's even easier than usual to Oct 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Amazing, right. Were officially the worlds 1 Niall Horan fans over here. Now we have to go listen to Liam Payne and Taylor Swifts new music, too. AGATE: noun. A type of fibrous quarts called chalcedony; used to make marbles highly desired by players, as in bulls-eye agate The 1 dating site for Older Men Younger Women, Catering specifically to younger women looking for older men and older men dating younger women. If you love making and baking breads, baked goods and other treats, check out the Specialty Food Marketplace for our favorite specialty baked good products, mixes and.
in Eureka. Century outdated coffee trees are handpicked to obtain the very best flavor, assuring that only the reddest, ripest and greatest cherries[url=]lebron footwear on the market[/url] golfonlinecouk as they may have Vokey wedges accessible at fantastic pricesThere are numerous attributes that boxing sneakers will need to obtain in order to en
You may have the chance to ask the debtor questions on their company or fiscal matters. Meetings are often recorded and transcripts could be requested, but you will want to Look at on this in advance if it is important. 1 Remedy A legitimate cell phone number is necessary. Pick the best time that you should get a stick to-ip get in touch with
Yeah tobacco & Alcoholic beverages is a good idea. Despite the fact that we dont smoke or know anybody who smokes we did order 100 small tiny hand measurement pocket liquor bottles of Jack Daniels in addition to our personal particular liquor stash. We felt that throughout barter we could constantly toss one or two on into the stack we’re supplyi
This is certainly all the sort of stuff which happens to be at most effective difficult or not possible to specific in quantitative conditions, and of which it is commonly meaningless to even check out; there just is just not anything at all to count. But it's still effectively recognized qualitatively; Charlie's created an entire essay about it :)
Top Albuquerque Counselors on Tax Resolution regarding Federal Tax Audits, Back Disputed Taxes, Tax Debts and Tax Enforcement Steps
Is the IRS making your life problematic? Do you have un-filed tax returns? Penalties and interest on past-due taxes? Frozen savings, liens, and seizures? IRS letters threatening audits and collections?Have you been ripped-off by 800-number scam artist who promise big and deliver nothing?Sunland Tax can stop all that virtually immediately. Sunland T
I had a very lazy, relaxing Sunday. And I well deserved it. I cleaned up the working space yesterday and although it looks nothing like I wanted, it's clean and organised. And I have no troubles finding stuff any more.
I even sorted out my threads and put a board up. It took me more than a day to do everything, didn't realise I had so much rubbish here!
I found my old sketch book. I forgot how much I enjoy drawing. And I also found some dried orange slices from last Christmas projects, so did an orange and cinnamon stick decoration. Smells really nice.
Ok, it's time for bed now. It's going to be a very, very long day tomorrow. And to be quite honest I can't wait. Really like my "new" workplace :)
Above photo is Diesel Truck Forums Best Image Truck KusaboshiCom posted by Jribas-digital.com on 14/11/18. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with Diesel Truck Forums Best Image Truck KusaboshiCom is the right thing to get rid of your Dodge Truck Forums on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
Well we have collected this time some ideas work, can change the atmosphere of your Office or computer screen. You can several downloaded and stored in the computer's memory, or you can download all photos from our website free of charge. If you Office Wall Decorations to download, you should now work in full-screen mode, see this article, until the end of.
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not Jribas-digital.com's property, remains to its respective owner's.
Above photo is Tow Truck Tow Truck Games posted by Jribas-digital.com on 14/11/18. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with Tow Truck Tow Truck Games is the right thing to get rid of your Spikes Game Zone Truck Mania on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
Apr 4, 2016 If youve ever come out with a new product or service, you know how tough it can be to get the word out. You could be offering the best new
Mar 28, 2018 its always good to find more ways to promote your products, whether Here are 20 creative ways to promote a new or existing product on your
Oct 14, 2014 However, promoting a new product is never easy. As Chron.com shares, "Getting a new product out for customers to see and try out is the first
No matter how good your new product or service, it wont do as well as you deserve unless you promote it properly. Try these road-tested techniques to make
Creating a new item or launching a new service for your store is challenging enough, but to promote a product youll need a broader plan. As an entrepreneur
How to Promote a Product. Youre at the helm of a hot young startup peddling a new product thats set to revolutionize your industry. Or maybe youre an
Jan 31, 2017 Introduced new products to your online store? Here are 10 smart ways to promote new products to your existing customers and prospects.
Jun 29, 2018 Promote your new product with these marketing activities. Promoting your new product is ideal to getting more sales.
May 29, 2007 Learning how to market a new product successfully online or to retailers requires strategic planning. Help boost your sales with these ideas on
Jun 22, 2016 Whether youve recently launched a new company altogether, or whether you are offering an add-on product or plan to an existing business,
Understanding the different ways to promote your product or service can help you make You can make new contacts and reach out to potential customers by
Dont let them prevent you from putting your new product out into the world. Im here to tell you that it IS possible to effectively promote your product launch
Jan 11, 2017 Do you want more sales from social media? Looking for new ways to share your products on social? The latest features from Pinterest,
Not sure how to promote your latest product on Facebook? feature on Facebook where you and other employees can talk about new arrivals to your store.
Mar 12, 2012 Retailers frequently add new product lines, brands, or even seasonal items. When these fresh items are introduced, marketers call it a product
Jun 22, 2011 How to Market a Brand New Product. What the Snuggie, the Roomba, and other innovative products can teach you about turning an unknown
Apr 18, 2016 http:www.fanaticsmedia.com Mark Fidelman explains how each of these tactics will increase your product sales dramatically: #1 Top Lists of
Aug 6, 2014 Before you begin the steps to showing the world your new product, there are Download our free white paper to learn how market research is
3 Tips for Promoting Your New Product Online. affiliate Give clear concise directions on how to respond to the email with a call to action to buy your product.
Clearly, Steve Jobs knows how to launch a product for maximum sales. When Apple launches a new product, you dont see some PR lackey trundling out beautiful products, they would almost certainly see a huge drop in market share.
From innovative new software to an incredible new health supplement, working out how to promote your latest product can be tough. With so many marketing
11 Ways to Promote Your Product Without Using Social Media "Your customers are the best people to convince new people to try out your product. Give your
Apr 10, 2018 Nowadays, its almost impossible for new products to take off on Amazon without a helping hand. The marketplace is more competitive than
Jan 18, 2018 Learning how to market a product can help you grow your stores sales quickly. It costs a business about 5 to 25 times more to acquire a new
Dec 19, 2016 But did you know that influencers are also a powerful way to promote new products? A Nielsen survey found that 83% of consumers trust
So, youve got a great new product or service offering at your business…now, what? Whats the best way to get the word out and drive attention and buzz your
Dec 24, 2017 to be effective. Learn how to promote your business with these strategies that are effective and inexpensive. Do you have a new product?
I think the most important way is Amazon SEO. Here are the points you need to pay attention to: 1. Title 2. Bullet Points 3. Product Description 4. Brand and
So, youre about to release a new industrial product and you want to make some sales? Here are 7 core tactics for the new product launch campaign.
Jan 24, 2013 Launching a new product or service isnt what is used to be. See how these folks can help you further promote your offering within their social
10 Ways to Market Your Small Business on a Shoestring Budget. Tweet If youre brand new to email marketing, you can try it out for free! engage them, then you only have a little over a minute to really sell them on your product or service.
Apr 16, 2012 A Guide To Selling and Promoting Your Products Online and A List Of be a great way to build awareness of new products to existing and new
May 11, 2016 Launching a new product is an exciting new venture for any business. How to Launch a New Product Using 8 Digital Marketing Strategies channels that you can also use to help promote your new product whether through
Marketing and promoting a new product can cut through a small-business owners budget quickly. Stretch your marketing dollars by integrating individual
Learn how to leverage social media marketing to promote your product in 2017 They are open to new things, given it interests them, but do not pay attention to
Mar 15, 2018 10 Proven Facebook Post Types to Promote your Products from Top Boom: hundreds of new possible customers taking advantage of a sale.
10 Ways To Launch and Promote A Product Using Social Media The shiny new toy social media is not the only marketing tactic that he used and they knew
Mar 21, 2018 Blogging has exceptional benefits for businesses, including promoting a new product. Take advantage of your existing blog. Find ways to talk
Vietnam Interpreter - Vietnam Tour Guide Hire: Should you travel to Vietnam even for vacation, business or special projects without a tourguide/ interpreter/ translator? It is better to have one along. We can arrange skilled tour guide or professional-level translator/interpreter in Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh (Saigon) or Danang or in any city to accompany you on designated visits. Get your reservation now by emailing us to This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it !
Good time to Travel in Vietnam is from September to June. However, Vietnam has three different regions – the North, the Central and the South – each with different weather patterns and different rainy seasons. This means that there is neither a best time nor a worst time to visit Vietnam. Hot summer or Cold winter is not that a big deal. Nice beaches such as Halong bay, Hoi An, Nha Trang, Mui Ne - Phan Thiet or Phu Quoc Island are always available; Sapa and Dalat highlands offer great places for cool temperature. You can find your favourite kind of weather all year round for your next Vietnam Tours!
6. We provide qualified staff, experienced tour guide, well-maintained vehicles, good restaurants, best hotels
I read an interesting factoid in the Wikipedia the other day: that ”Maturana has explicitly refused to be cited by Luhmann as a supporting theorist” (in the entry on Niklas Luhmann). This is remarkable, to put it mildly, in light of the fact that Luhmann’s entire mature oeuvre, twenty years of work and almost as many books, is built on Maturana’s concept of autopoiesis.
Maybe Luhmann connoisseurs know why Maturana would do such a heartless thing. I can only guess. When I stopped following Maturana’s work in the mid-1980’s he was saying that autopoiesis does not apply to social systems. It was created for biological systems, and it works with cognitive/perceptual systems, too, but social systems, no.
I forget why, but it’s probably because a social system has neither a clear boundary nor a distinct identity. A biological cell has a membrane and stays the same. A dog has skin and only changes in ways that make it easily recognizable as the same dog. Autopoiesis is what goes on inside this membrane and regulates the transactions across it. Where is the membrane that bounds a political system or a market? I don’t see it, maybe Maturana didn’t, either.
Apparently, Luhmann didn’t mind or know Maturana’s objections and so imported the concept into sociology. In principle, there’s nothing wrong with that, of course. Luhmann obviously saw a potential Maturana didn’t.
Every scholar is motivated by legitimate intellectual interest—and other things. What they might be I can only guess. Maybe Luhmann realized at some point in the 1970’s that the kind of systems thinking he picked up from his previous source of inspiration, Talcott Parsons, was dead as a dodo. Not going anywhere, not trendy at all. And Habermas got all the groupie attention from the student movement in Germany, looking like the really cool guy. What could he do?
Along comes some sort of systems thinking that is very different and attractive-sounding, with complicated terminology to boot. It seems to do wonders in biology and with perceptual systems. Why shouldn’t it work in social systems? Maybe this is the key to a general theory of society? The theory that Parsons failed to create, but which Luhmann had declared his goal when he accepted the chair in sociology at Bielefeld in 1968?
Luhmann set to work, beginning his ”autopoietic turn.” He translated Maturana’s concepts into sociology--autopoiesis, self-reference, the works—and created a theory of society and its many subsystems, political, economic, scientific, arts, etc. He reputation grew and he became world-famous, at least in Germany and Denmark, despite (or because of?) writing with that peculiar German indifference to clarity of expression.
At some point early on, Maturana hears about it and says he wants no truck with it. Maybe that’s why Luhmann cites Maturana only three times in his Magnum Opus, Soziale Systeme from 1984, a fact that always puzzled me. Autopoiesis is the most referred-to term in the subject index of that 600-page book (a subject index having been added only in the Danish translation).
In my scattered reading of Maturana, I have never heard him mention Luhmann at all. Not that Maturana was averse to flatter or application; he set out to revolutionize biology, was completely ignored by biologists (still is, as far as I know), but picked up a major audience in family therapy, from where his fame spread. He appeared extensively in these circles up through the 1990’s (I published an interview with him in Danish in about 1992 ("Kærlighedens biologi"), taken at one of those occasions).
However, I have never known Maturana to associate with sociologists. I wonder what his critique of Luhmann would be today. Anyone knows, please leave a comment.
I believe in the introduction to Varela et al. (1993)"The Embodied Mind" there is a comment to the effect that Maturana's avoidance of application to social systems had to do with the military rulers of Chile and his desire to not come in conflict - so he restricted his areas of 'interest', although he clearly had those interests, as indicated in his own introduction to Maturana & Varela (1980) "Autopoiesis and Cognition: The Realization of the Living" where he explicitly discusses 'society'. His original fears at the time of his earlier writing were entirely justified - based on the experience of Paulo Freire, the Brazilian educator who spent 5 years in Chile, but had earlier been jailed in Brazil.
You actually make it seem really easy with your presentation but I in finding this matter to be actually one
I love you and this post so much – consider every photo basically pinned to a vision board to be replicated in my home :)
Luhmann actually goes into some detail discussing the reasons behind his choice of autopoesis as a paradigm, and what he means by a social system boundary, in the first chapter of his master work, Theory of Society. He also comments extensively on Maturana in that same work.
In a nutshell, he defines society as communication, and the boundary of the social system as the difference between communication (system) and everything else that happens (environment). Hence, society isn't bounded physiologically, but rather by the type of operation it consists in.
I do research at DPU, Aarhus University, on facilitation and write about humanistic philosophy and science. I blog ideas and short pieces unfit for proper publication.
The chic and trendy Pullman Bali Legian Nirwana show their attention and support to Indonesian art by launching another of its Pullman Exhibition series, this time showcasing the natural beauty of Indonesian pearls. Entitled “The People behind the Pearls”, will feature the stunning creations of ATLAS Pearls, as well as inspiring insight into the lives of the women who created them. At North Bali pearl farm, pearls have a very special and unique connection to women. ATLAS employs and shares a special relationship with the women who harvest the pearls, and you can see the result of their unrequited talents at Pullman Bali Legian Nirwana. This exhibition will run from 17 March until 15 May 2016.
Christmas is almost upon the americans and that means there is a lot that must continue to be done. No…
Abstract:The complex three-dimensional geometry and tooling design of precision propeller components by forging technology is impeded by numerous barriers to date. Cold forging, an incremental metal forming process, has great potential to improve the current situation owing to its flexibility and lower tool load requirement. Manufacture of autonomous under water (AUV) propeller owing to complex hubs and blade design poses challenges to researchers who aim to increase thrust. The proposed work investigates cold forging process adopted to produce propeller hubs that involve flash and under-fill as impending problems that can be efficiently solved by proper design and optimization of pre-form. The 3D rigid-plastic finite element (FE) model of cold forging of AA7075 alloy propeller front and back hub was developed under SOLIDWORKS and AFDEX-3D 2014SP0 platform. Four FE modeling approaches have been proposed and simulated by finite element and have been successful in understanding of metal flow, work optimization and die stress in forming process. The AA7075 pre-form with AISI D2 die material for front and back hub considering four pre-forms of various dimensions were investigated for minimization of flash and under-fill. The reported work exposed that pre-form geometry had an important role to play in deciding the dimensional accuracy of the cold formed hubs. The numerical simulations provided interesting results for the optimization of front and back hub geometry that can provide input for experimentation..
Only one person has ever beaten Sherlock Holmes. Irene Adler was that person and Holmes never forgot her.
I had not seen much of Holmes for a few weeks. After my marriage I had moved to another part of London. Holmes remained in our Baker Street rooms. I was working very hard as a doctor and I did not often visit him because I was very busy.
Get into Autumn with this salt and pepper 3-piece 100% wool Tweed suit. Beautifully cut, it can be worn as separates to give you a fantastic collection of styles and looks. You can also have this suit in Autumn Brown, Moss Green and True Blue from a slim 34 up to a generous 54, with a range of lengths. Team it with a pair of black boots for the ultimate retro look.
We have some great footwear, including classic brogues and oxfords in a range of colours, from size 6 to size 14.
Fox in the House pulls the classic feel of Britain at its best together with styling influences from London, U.K. and Europe. Showcasing the finest menswear including suits, country shirts and essential accessories.
Going to a wedding? The wedding plans have been announced and now your alarm bells are ringing. If like the majority of men in the UK, you probably don’t own a wide selection of suits; not because you’re unprepared, just because the wardrobe keeps shrinking them! Keep things smart and pretty traditional with a dress suit. Our choice? Go for a navy suit, you just can’t go wrong as they’re one of the best wedding suits around. The Fox has a great range of affordable suits – some conservative but not all!
Visit our dedicated menswear shop to discover a range of classic men's clothing including jackets, trousers, chinos, shirts and much more. Brands stocked include tweed and formal wear by Magee, The Oxford Shirt Company and suits from Torre, as well as mens grooming products from D.R. Harris.
I read 109 books in 2017, which is a bit higher than my number for recent years (here is 2016's post, which includes links to previous years). I did finish school at the end of 2016, giving me more free time, plus I read most of the Whitney finalists, and I read several shorter books.
90 books were fiction (including 2 poetry books), and 19 were nonfiction, which is pretty sad compared to previous years. I have a lot of nonfiction on my list of books I'd like to read, but don't seem to get around to reading it as often as I should. I think this year I will focus on reading more nonfiction (and less on staying up late reading mediocre books I downloaded free from the library).
82 books were by female authors, and 27 by male, which reflects trends I've noticed for the last few years. For some reason I tend to gravitate to female authors, especially when it comes to fiction. This year I also had several instances where I read multiple books by the same author, and in most of those cases the authors were female.
This year I set some specific reading goals in January, but then put them on the back burner a bit. I never did read anything in Spanish, but I did read two poetry books, at least five books in translation (Elena Ferrante!), most of the Whitney finalists for adult books (everything but sci-fi/fantasy), and an average of one nonfiction book a month. I had set a goal to read more Mormon nonfiction, and sort of did that, but would like to do more this year.
I watched 47 movies this year, which is a much higher number than previous years, but does count both movies I watched by myself and those I watched with the kids. Some of my favorites were:
Launcher with Windows appearance on the Computer Launcher Shredded version without ads Many users like to experience the appearance of Windows on their Android device. Thanks to the Launcher Launcher, this is possible and you can use it to change the appearance of your phone to Microsoft Windows. This launcher will make you look attractive. atributies: The […]
They are big and they are fast. We will have to play our best to beat them. Here are some keys -- and feel free to add to this list as I know some of you are looking at this match up and what it will take to beat them.
1. Stop their great OH Bergsma. She's an AA and a USA A2 player. Her hitting numbers are better than Kray's by a mile. Both wear #2. You can't beat Oregon without stopping her.
2. Serve agressively. Their setter is Lauren Plum. Also an AA and USA A2 player. Her numbers are better than Sam's. Don't give her all her options or we won't be able to stop their hitters. We have to serve like the devil tonight.
3. Oregon's middles are taller than ours. We serve tough and we take them out of the game. Our middles are way better blockers. But we gotta serve tough to give our blockers a chance to get set up because they play fast. They even serve fast, meaning the ball is in the air the second the ref blows the whistle. They just keep coming at you. We better be in shape 'cause it's coming full throttle.
4. Their OH2 Brenner also plays all 6 rotations. So they will ALWAYS have a hitter in the backrow and both she and Bergsma are very good attaching from the pipe. That means usually 4 hitters on the floor at all times. aka -- don't let them have easy passes because we won't be able to stop their hitters if we have to defend 3-4 of them at any one time.
5. They have a solid backrow defense/serve receive. They've been aced the same percentage as us, but they play in the PAC 12 and they have faced much tougher serving all season. We've got to limit our serve receive errors. We had too many against Pepperdine. To counter, I think we dig the ball better than they do, but both teams are solid defenders digging up attacks. Their hitters look to hit harder than ours. Note here: That might be their setter/hitters seem to connect with great timing more often than we do which results in bombs coming in fast.
7. Errors -- we have to limit our errors to win. We can't give them points. If we are giving them more than 6 points off errors in a 25-pt set, it will be tough for us to win. We have to make their offense generate close to 20 points a set. That's hard to do. As a point of reference, last night in Set 3 we generated 18 of our 25 points. That was the best by either team all night.
Forgot to add, Oregon's setter Plum is really good, but only 5'9" (translation = 5'8"???). We have to exploit that on our attack. Both Kray and Jill should be able to hit over her all night long. I would expect Jill to see some time again tonight, although Alaina might start. We need the height offensively and defensively and she is a better blocker than Alaina.
Alaina reminds me a lot of Kray as a freshman. When we are out of system and she is the leftside OH and everyone knows the ball is going to her, she usually gets stuffed. It's because, just like Kray as a freshman, she doesn't have all the types of shots yet. There was a time Kray would only wind up and hit cross court. Didn't use the tip much. Didn't hit down the line much. Didn't know how to hit a sharp angle. Didn't know when to use a roll shot, etc. Also noticed Alaina is a little slow on the block -- just like Kray was early in her career. Alaina will be able to work and learn these shots and get better block timing starting this Spring. It took Kray until last year to perfect all that plus her backrow attacks. Alaina can be very, very good before she finishes her career at UD.
Alaina is 5-10. OK if a 5-10 kid makes contact about the same height as a 6-4 player, are they effectively a 6-4 player? Or is the 5-10 still having to overcome certain things?
My intuition tells me shorter players need more time on their sets b/c if they jump the same height as taller players, it takes them a fraction more time to reach the top of their arc. Maybe they have fast twitch muscles however and better reflexes. So they get off the ground a tad earlier. So is it a wash, or is being legitimately 6-4 still better than 5-10 even if they touch the same height at the same time?
Having been a shorter 6' leaper all my life in basketball, my 2 cents by experience is that by the 4th quarter the shorter player is gassed---advantage big guys.
My intuition tells me by the 4/5th set the 5'10" player is losing juice because she is working harder to get to the apex.
I think that the 5'10" player is at more of a disadvantage when blocking. Even if you can jump to the same height you have to pull your arms back sooner than a taller player does, timing is tougher for a shorter player.
I don't think that DeBruler for Illinois was much taller than Alaina and she was a beast of an outside hitter. A short player has to do a very good job of timing their jump because a taller player with long arms has a 6" - 10" advantage at the start.
Alaina is also a very quick athlete who can beat the opposing block to a seam and terminate with a shorter set, much like Xavier does.
Whether she gets tired more quickly should just depend on strength and endurance training. Volleyball is different than bball because of the short breaks in between points. I used to play doubles for two hours and not really get tired.
I don't think it's all about how tall a player is. Athletic ability comes into play. Alaina is 5'10" but very thin. Is quick off her feet. Can jump, but I do not know her approach touch or her block touch. She is clearly better off the approach -- both height and quickness. But in volleyball, a lot of it comes down to what decisions hitters make in the air. Can they read the block and hit the shot that gets through (including tips) and then also, find an open spot on the court. Arm speed is also a factor for velocity.
UD had a player in the past who could jump out of the gym. Had pretty good arm speed. Could crush the ball without a block in front of her, but never developed the knack to make decisions in the air as to what shot could counter the block. Another player, Amanda Cowdrey was very, very good at in-air decisions. Was only 5-10". Had an ok jump, but not great. Had an ok arm speed, but nothing that stood out, etc. Yet she was awesome at in-air decisions.
I mentioned Alaina reminds me a lot of Kray her freshman year. One key difference is Alaina appears to be much stronger than Kray was. Not now, but back when she was a freshman. Kray has done a ton of work in the weight room since she came to UD. I think Alaina is ahead of her in that area. And I'll also add it surprised the heck out of me. Looking at Alaina coming in I thought for sure she would need a redshirt year and a Spring and Summer working in the weight room. Boy have I been surprised.
I'll also add to my original list above, we will have to manage the Oregon crowd. It was loud last night against No Colorado. Just over 3000 fans. Earlier this year they packed in 4000 fans against then No. 2 Washington and more than 5000 fans against then No. 1 Stanford.
Gotta think close to 5000 tonight is possible -- maybe more. Here is where playing at Minnesota, at Nebraska, at Illinois, etc over the past couple years helps us.
The announcer at the A10 championship match raved about Alaina's ability to see the block and adjust.
Kelly said that this team has the ability to feed off the energy of opposing crowds. I hope that is true since there should be a lot of energy to feed on
Kinda cool that they announced the team would play tonight during the men's game. Sad part was they didn't have the time right(claimed it was 7 ET). Also cool of them to give a shout out to the women's bball team victory over UNLV.
So far, it's like an MLB team (save the Houston Astros) vs a AAA team. Oregon is very, very good but Dayton isn't playing smart or sound here in Set 1. Too many free balls for Oregon and too much dinking instead of killing from the Flyers. Going down 2 quick ones like last night would be all she wrote.
One thing I've noticed between Dayton and elite programs is the backrow defense. Dayton plays best when the front row block is clicking. Whether it's positioning or some other factor, UD's back row defense doesn't seem strong enough for the Flyers to go on a deep run. Also, Sheff's habit of starting slow is frustrating to watch at times.
Ducks win set 1, 25-15. Let's see how we do in set 2. Oregon is hitting very well, and finding seams and hitting hard.
The only thing I don't like is when they say that either team has 4 people in the backrow to receive. No, they don't, they are hiding their weakest backrow individual with a frontrow player.
Pathetic. Dayton don't look like they belong on the same floor as the ducks. Thats how much difference in talent between a top 10 team and a top 20 team.
Dayton is not aggressive, very passive like they are afraid to hit the ball with authority. And the ducks seem to be going straight through Daytons blocks like they are non existant.
We need to settle down and hopefully we have adjusted to their speed. Gotta keep our heads in the game.
And these darn overpasses are so frustrating. We can't seem to receive their hard and fast kills very well in the back row, and instead, we are giving them a free kill at the net. Argh!
Announcers just exclaimed that there is nothing the Flyers can do to stop Liz Brenner. If that doesn't change soon it's over. And for crap's sake, don't let a close ball drop on the line again. We don't have that luxury any more. 7-2 Oregon in Set 2.
Still can't get over the hump in Set 2 but at least playing much better and much, much more aggressively. Oregon starting to show they aren't perfect which is helping too. Haven't heard Brown's name called much. Hope that changes. 16-12 Ducks.
It comes down to serve and serve receive. We have to start serving tougher otherwise Oregon has too many hitters we can't stop. We have to limit their hitter options. And as you can see, when we don't pass that great and Oregon's block is waiting for us.
Time to take it up to another level. Oregon is very, very good. One of 6-7 teams that can win it all this year. We have to raise our play to compete and win set 3. This is one of the best team Dayton has probably played ever.
Hate to say it but 2 critical service errors from Krabacher in that set including when serving at 19-21. Again, much better play from the Flyers in that 2nd set. But too little, too late. Both for the set and for the match. Would love to see a repeat performance of last night's reversal but it's a bit too much to ask this time around on the home court of a clearly superior team. Those in the eastern time zone can probably safely head to bed at this point.
BTW, props to Selsky. Who knew she's been wasting away as a setter all this time? She's the best hitter we've had tonight. :-) Seriously, though, great court awareness by Selsky.
No doubt. That's probably been our best play of the night, letting Selsky do the kill on the set. Unfortunately, we can't have her do that all the time, because eventually that novelty will wear out.
Wham! Bam! Thank you, Sam! She is simply amazing tonight. Flyers able to take a lead this set for the first time all night.
13-11 going into the 3rd set timeout. Hanging tough. Also, interesting that Kansas loses tonight. Based on RPI, the #11 seed Kansas is about where Dayton should have been in a 2nd round matchup. Still can't figure out how the #13 rated team and #22 RPI team ends up with the #5 seed in the tournament in the 2nd round.
Ducks win set 3, 25-21. We kept going point-for-point there for a while, just couldn't get over the hump. We stepped it up after the first set, but we just couldn't pull it out.
And we're done here. Actually got to 20-21 but then at 20-22 had back-to-back stuffs on our kills which finished us off. Just too much talent on the Duck side. Would love to have Brenner hitting for the Flyers.
Thank you to Rachel, Sam, and Paige for everything you did as Flyers. You should all be very proud of your individual careers and what you did to help cement this program as a Top 20 contender each and every year.
Here is the breakout for both teams of the players' rankings coming out of high school. As I've said before, you gotta get recruits and we have 4 really talented players coming in next year. All 4 are Top 110 with the 2 highest being #57 and #33. We get more out of players than any school in the nation, but as you will see, Oregon just had way more talent on the floor tonight. But I know the women in our program will continue to work and max out their talents. I can't wait for Spring ball already. (FYI: prepvolleyball ranks the Top 100 high school seniors every year. Then they list the next 101-250 alphabetically to make up their Top 250 recruits.)
Bottomline is we only had one Top 100 recruit on the floor and Oregon only had two players that were not Top 100 recruits and none of our backrow defenders were even ranked coming out of high school.
I think our backrow played pretty darn good tonight. Oregon's offense is how they win. Our serving wasn't tough enough to keep Oregon from running all their hitters at us. They run at you fast in all aspects of the game and our block didn't have a chance -- and the backrow was left to try to dig up the pieces.
Great season. Tonight was a no-lose kind of night. We are not at the same competitive level as Oregon and playing at their place was a tall order. At the end of the day, players still win matches and Oregon is good enough to win the national title. Beckys recruit rankings bear that out. They just have more horses. And thats okay. They SHOULD have more horses. With a bottomless pit of Phil Knight money and the best volleyball conference in the country, they SHOULD be Top-10 every season. So they are not doing anything more special than we are given apple to apples.
No shame in tonight. Would have been the biggest win in program history about 10x over. The NCAA draw we got was not as favorable as other years. I think we went as far as our talent realistically allows. As fans we can wish all we want, but this is college volleyball royalty we're up against. Beating Pepperdine was a huge statement and positive ending, proving we could beat a good team in the NCAAs. Pepperdine is not Butler or Milwaukee or Middle Tennessee St like some of our past 1st Rd matches.
This class did amazing things, finishing 110-20 for an incredible .846% career winning percentage. They lost two A10 matches EVER.
They leave the program better than they found it. Hopefully in the next cpl years we can build on their hard work and take another step forward. Sheff is ramping up his recruiting. I think we're headed in the right direction.
Only a moron looks at a 27-5 season, undefeated A10 season, tourney title, NCAA bid, #12 national ranking, and NCAA win over Pepperdine and walks away feeling cheated. For a non-BCS program thats about as good as anyone. And we're getting better.
Chris I agree with you 100% on every point you made. I haven't done the research, but I think over the last couple years every team that advanced to the Sweet 16 from our quad has lost in the next round. (KY lost last year and tOSU the year before.) I watched a lot of volleyball in the last 3 days. I watched BYU-OK yesterday. I will be shocked if Oregon doesn't beat BYU next round. Oregon is the highest ranked seed we have ever been paired up with the first weekend. Not complaining, because we have drawn softer quads in past years. It was just how the chips fell this year and is a fact. I didn't watch PSU, Stanford, TX, FL, WA, HI, USC or NE in the last 3 days, but I watched all the other teams that are Sweet 16 bound. Purdue, Minnesota, Michigan St, Michigan, Kentucky, Iowa State, Wichita State and BYU. Minnesota is the best team out of these. (None of them are anywhere close to as good as Oregon.) All these others Dayton would have gone toe-to-toe with in a match and probably beaten most of them. And a 2nd time around with Minnesota this year would have been interesting.
Jill isn't nearly as mobile as Alaina. So, assuming that Jill was healthy I would guess it was because Jill would have had trouble getting in position to block against that fast offense.
I will attempt to put together articles on each senior if I can get quotes from the current players.
According to the box score - Turner had only a single block assist. Of course, we had precious few blocks as a team.
It looked to me like the Duck hitters were just beating our block big time - often hitting over us. The diggers in the back were getting hung out to dry as the high velocity rockets were coming at them.
I did think that as the match went on we started to adapt to the high level of play - making the third set pretty competitive. Still, if we play them 10 times, we probably don't win any. The better, bigger, stronger team won. The solution is to get better - and we will.
I believe we got as much out of this team as possible. The only match with any regret was against tosu. Great season ladies.
My daughter and I had great seats - First row in the reserved section across from the players benches. All the seats around us were filled with Duck fans. Other than a few people behind the bench, I did not see anyone else wearing Dayton gear.
Trees seem to grow taller in Oregon. Up close, the Oregon appeared to have a significant size advantage. Oregon's blocks were an imposing obstacle throughout the match
The first set was filled with Dayton errors. Oregon and Dayton made their fair share of errors for the remainder of the match.
Dayton's digs were far more impressive than Oregon's digs. Dayton saved numerous rockets. Oregon made some diving saves on soft shots aimed at open areas.
On this day, the ball bounced Oregon's way more often than not. Dayton seemed to struggle blocking shots and when they did block, they frequently blocked the shot out of bounds. The luckiest play of the night went Oregon's way. An Oregon player had a Dayton kill shot shot hit her in the side of the head (I was surprised ahe remained standing). The ball then bounced off her shoulder and Oregon was able to keep the play going and eventually won the point. The Dayton coach complained to the official (I am assuming headers are illegal in volleyball?) but the official did not see the play.
The Oregon crowd was incredibly nice and welcoming - more so than I have ever experienced at a Men's basketball game.
If the ball hits your head and then your shoulder it should be called as a multiple contact. Pretty tough to see when the ball is hit hard
You probably know that is one reason people like to watch matches from the end of the court rather than the side. When you watch it from the end you can see everything, the spacing, the closing (or not closing of the block) and whether the ball was spiked through a seam or over the top. It is also much more like actually playing. If they are hitting over the block it probably doesn't hurt to make a change.
I would think a deterent to getting to the next level is the play in the A10. The non-conference schedule is long past. It must be hard to turn the switch when the level of competition heats up.
The A-10 doesn't help Dayton's volleyball program for sure. There were a couple years the conference had 2 teams go to the NCAAs. There was talk of building it to a 3 bid conference, but sadly it's slipped back to a 1 bid confernece.
It will take teams like Xavier, St Louis, Butler and VCU to up their game just to get back to 2 bids. SLU scheduled tough this past year. We need to continue to see that from other teams. We also need to see the conference schedule stacked as favorably to the top teams. We need the best teams only playing the weakest teams once a year and doubling up with each other to get the greatest RPI value out of the conference schedule. It would probably take creating an inner-conference RPI to determine the 6 teams that make up the conference championship tourney. Well Figgie can probably handle that. The conference should be working from a position of, "whatever it takes to build its volleyball strength as a conference." The Missouri Valley conference is consistantly a 3 bid conference. Northern Iowa, Creighton, Wichita State this year and WSU is headed to the Sweet 16. This is what the A-10 volleyball conference should and could be.
What I would also like to see is instead of that single match Thanksgiving weekend, after the conference tournament (the Western Michigan match is past year), I'd like to see a conference challenge 2-match set up that weekend. And the conference to do it with is the Big 12. They are down in numbers, so they can finish their conference schedule before that weekend where as the Big 10 can't. Too many members so they are still playing regular season matches.
I'd like to send the top 2 finishers in the A-10 to play the top 2 finishers in the Big 12 that weekend. It would give us two matches against highly ranked teams right before the NCAAs. This year it would have been Xavier and UD against Texas and Iowa State. UD would have played both TX and ISU. I'd every agree to travel the first 2-3 years to get it started. That's how much it would help the A-10 and help prepare hopefully BOTH A-10 teams for the NCAAs.
This guy is a software engineer, you can tell by his awesome estimation skills pic.twitter.com/mvKSgJ1NMD
It has been a long wait for this day. Two years and 24 days or 755 days to be exact. It seemed like an eternity. As of September 11th 2015, the Collectible Card Game era ended. I decided to write a final homage to the CCG and 1st through 4th Edition…
The Kolat Informant, There is no escape from the Tiger, The Oni's Eye, the Tiger Mon logo, and the Tiger Chop are trademarks of the Kolat Information Network.
Greek engineer, MSc, PhD from the National Technical University of Athens, MBA, long industrial experience.
I was biting down on my Leo High School cafeteria bologna sandwich today when nearly chewed off the tip of my tongue, while reading this Chicago Reader feature by Whet Moser -
Calvin Frogge was a pure Illinois Man of the Soil. He suffered no fools gladly, but took them to his heart with charity little found in our current cynical days. Calvin farmed. He farmed before and after flying for the U.S. Navy in WWII.
After the war Calvin had the good sense to woo one of the beautiful McCue girls and the good fortune to manage an 'OK' to his offer of marriage. Calvin and Marietta raised two very talented sons. Calvin lost his pal and bride, Marietta a few years ago and had been in poor health. I know that he nearly wore out the kneelers at St. Anne Shrine in St. Anne and also St.Mary's Beaverville.
At weddings and family gatherings, this son of French voyageurs and resident of Martinon, Illinois was last man off the dance floor and usually last man standing. Calvin was never a gabby man, but he was always a witty man and given to rustic saws like , It's colder than a mother-in-law's kiss! and rainin' harder'n a cow peein' on a flat rock!
Calvin was a sweet tempered man, who laughed with the sun rise and got out into the cornrows and got things done. He specialized in growing pop corn for Popeye PopCorn and knew how to rotate his fields for just the right yield for soybeans to confound the digital grains futures street board on the main drag of Watseka.
My prayers and sympathies to Jim and Margaret Frogge and Jim's brother Tom and grandkids, Jessica, Sarah and Nathan Frogge for the loss of this great man.
Narrator: Europeans who had flocked to 19th Century Chicago for jobs crouched together for survival. They created ethnic enclaves little Germanys, Italy's, Warsaws, and Pragues, glowering at each other with suspicion
Douglas Bukowski, Writer: I think the best way to look at late 19th century Chicago is to think of it as a great boxing ring by the lake. People just didn't get along here. Nobody who was Polish wanted to have an Irish priest. Nobody who was Irish wanted to go to a German church. This whole notion of tolerance for other groups was foreign to people who didn't know any other groups in the old country. from PBS American Experience Series: Chicago in the 19th Century
I had the great pleasure to attend the opening night of Mike Houlihan's Irish American Film Festival at the Gene Siskel Center in heart of the Loop.
I explained the etymology of the Loop to film maker Dave McLaughlin and his wife Mary Beth as we walked from the Siskel Center to The Emerald Loop for the post viewing party.
I pointed above us to the roaring CTA elevated trains above Lake and State. The Loop is elevated track fencing much of the Dan Burnham and Louis Sullivan 19th century architecture that once housed capitalists, so detested by PBS and their 501(c) 3 foundation beneficiaries that funding was provided to re-write history. That is not how stories, yarns, legends and history work . . .except on Public Television, Radio and at Media Matters.
The Irish American Film Festival presented Deach An Dorais ( What;s Your Poison?) a documentary based on the Bronx legend of Mike Malloy, the Rasputin of the Bronx, a 1933 alcoholic who just would not die. Mike Malloy survived more than twenty attempts by four creeps who wanted to cash-in on insurance policies take out in the homeless derelict with no known relatives or friend. All Mike had going for him was an unquenchable thirst for alcohol and an iron constitution. He survived poisonings, methonal guzzlings, glass, nail and contaminated sardine and oysters swallowings, freezings in sub-zero temperatures, while soaked with booze and buckets of ice cold water and even a speeding automobile driven over his body.
The story was told by Bronx residents and made it's way into plays, 1950's radio stories like Johnny Dollar -Insurance Investigator and, most recently, picked up and printed by Smithsonian Magazine and made its way east over the Atlantic on the BBC.
When we arrived at The Emerald Loop the stories weaved up a storm. Irish American News columnists and television producer Mike Morley told of Martin Hogan The Fenian Hero who escaped an Australian Penal Colony on the The Catalpa only to be buried without ceremony at Chicago's Mount Olivet Cemetery, James Sheahan told of Constable James Quinn, the first Chicago cop to be killed in the line of duty and author Rick Barrett's long work to set the record straight.
I had asked a the producer of DEOCH AN DORAIS, Ms. Ciara Nic Chomaic if she had gathered information from New York's greatest story teller, T.J. English, author of Paddy Whacked. Ciara had reached out to Mr. English, but he was unavailable.
You see, Ms. Nic Chormaic build the stories around any given story. She had attached the undertakers, the academics, the genealogists, the artists, a NYPD detective, GAA Hard Man Anthony Molloy ( the film's narrator) and the wildly entertaining and brilliant criminal pathologist who really stole the film for me.
However it was Ciara Nic Chromaic who vetted the story tellers made the narrative handled by Mr. Hayes possible.
This is my Lawn Mower. It is generated by the will to go out and cut the grass, weeds, dandelions and tree branchlings behind the force of my sixty-four year old frame and , of course, the time to do it. Hey, I been busy. Really. As the poet said, Time flies like an arrow and Fruit Flies Like a Banana.
Corporate statism or state corporatism is a political culture and a form of corporatism whose adherents hold that the corporate group which is the basis of society is the state.
"I spent 33 years and 4 months in active service as a member of our country's most agile military force--the Marine Corps. I served in all commissioned ranks from second lieutenant to Major General. And during that period I spent most of my time being a high-class muscle man for Big Business, for Wall Street and for the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer for capitalism. I suspected I was part of a racket all the time. Now I am sure of it. Like all members of the military profession I never had an original thought until I left the service." General Smedley Darlington Butler 1881-1940
All of the loudest critics of Pope Francis from the Right, Conservatives, GOP Tassled Loafer Go-Alongs, Bow-Tied TV Chirpers and Pot Smoking and Growing Libertarians have one thing in common - they are dead wrong.
Pope Francis is the native son of Argentina - A Banana Republic. Argnetina's last one hundred and fifty years has been an economic train wreck for most of its people.
The very few, oligarchs, do handsomely by staying close to surviving leaders of military coups, or corporation backed 'elected' officials. A Banana Republic is corportion statism.
From 1899 through 1920's and 1930's, the United States Marine Corps sent officers, non-commissioned officers and enlisted men to build security around the governments of Haiti, The Dominican Republic and Nicaragua with idea of protecting American Interests ( United Fruit, Sugar, Mining and Banking Corporations) from the people they were looting and exploiting.
One of the most salty and on-spot critics of Corporate Statism was the Marine tasked with doing the protection, General Smedley Butler. Butler wrote War is a Racket in 1935 and that book has in turn been exploited by the Leftists critics of America from Howard Zinn to Noam Chomsky. Ywo-time Medal of Honor recipient General Butler swrote, " Only a small 'inside' group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes."
Name a so-called, government sponsored war and you will see that it is a racket - War on Poverty. War on Drugs, War on Terror and our War on Women's Health ( it ain't. it means abortion is murder).
Pope Francis seems to have used the word capitalism to decry the exploitation of the middle class and especially the masses of poor people to whom he devoted most of his life as priest. Immediately, George Will got his panties in a twist and then Hannity and the Mike Gallagher and then the three guys at the end of the bar.
Coporate Statism makes astounding fortunes for a very few, the lucky few, the wired-in few, the few who immediately flocked to President Barcak Obama's George Soros sponsored White House in 2008 and to a Seattle Conference of Corporate Statists no sooner than Pope Francis went wheels-up to New York City yesterday.
Chinese President Xi Jinping addressed Silicon Valley’s titans, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos and billionaire investor Warren Buffet, in a closed-door conference in Wednesday.
At the event with America and China’s top business leaders, Xi vowed to work to remove barriers to foreign investment and improve intellectual property protections in a bid to crack down on his country’s rip-offs of US products.
In fact, representatives from the social media giant, Twitter and Google were all notably missing and it is telling that China currently blocks those companies’ websites.
Well, President Banana Republic ( modelled on Chicago, Argentina and Haiti) invited Mark Zuckerberg to join the oligarchs with him greeting the Chinese Reds in split screen MSNBC Time!.
Pope Francis challenged Congress to fight the very thing that is happening in the White House - coporate statism. He did not attack Free Enterprise. He attacked Coporate Statism.
How, do you think that Mussolini made trains run on time ? How did an unemployable Austrian-born community activists in Bavaria manage to get IG Farben to build gas chambers for Six Million Jews and other undesirables?
Don't ask General Smedley Butler, because he'll tell you, " I helped make Mexico, especially Tampico, safe for American oil interests in 1914. I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in. I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefits of Wall Street. The record of racketeering is long. I helped purify Nicaragua for the international banking house of Brown Brothers in 1909-1912 (where have I heard that name before?). I brought light to the Dominican Republic for American sugar interests in 1916. In China I helped to see to it that Standard Oil went its way unmolested. During those years, I had, as the boys in the back room would say, a swell racket. Looking back on it, I feel that I could have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents."
“I cannot hide my concern for the family, which is threatened perhaps as never before, from within and without. . . . Fundamental relationships are being called into question, as is the very basis of marriage and the family. I can only reiterate the importance and, above all, the richness and the beauty of family life.”
I raise money for a Catholic High School. We have an Alumni and circle of massively hearted friends who pump dollars to fuel a Catholic education for young men in Chicago. I am in awe of them
One of Leo High School's historical athletic and bragging rights rivals is Mount Carmel High School. Their Alumni is awesome.
The families who send their sons to Mount Carmel make huge sacrifices - they, like every Catholic school family in Chicago, pay for Public Schools and huge tuition bills so their sons can grow in the Catholic Faith and learn 2,000 plus years of shared truth.
Yesterday, a family in my neighborhood, having gone the path of so many Chicago families of having to say goodbye to a son and brother, performed an act of love, so out of place in our age of Kardasian and Pat Hickey self pity and direction, that I am stunned in awe.
The family of a Chicago teenager who was killed by a "sucker punch" during an alcohol-fueled beach brawl in Northwest Indiana in 2011 has agreed to a settlement of $1 million in a civil suit against the man charged with delivering the fatal punch.
Jean and Kevin Kennelly, the parents of the victim Kevin Kennelly, said the lawsuit "was never about the money." On Wednesday, they announced they will donate the entire $1 million settlement to Mt. Carmel High School in their son's name.
I learned of this from a neighbor and later listened to a news report as I drove to Chicago's Riverwalk to catch the Skinny & Houli Show at Lizzie McNeill's. I was meeting a local Chicago jazz diva and we planned to enjoy a nice supper and watch Jim Sheahan and Mike Houlihan grill Irish American News Publisher Cliff Carlson.
I sat near the recording booth after being patted down for contraband beverages by Special Olympics Tough Guy William Tang, who acts as Jim Sheahan's muscle and makes popcorn runs for Mike Houlihan. William allowed me near the radio set-up, but told me to 'park it' behind the speakers at table further removed from the Stars of Saturday's Airwaves from 3-4PM on AM 1450.
I rubber necked the flow of the Chicago Riverwalkway and saw the exquisite Miss Terry Sullivan making her way my way from McClurg Court. When I brought Terry to the table, I noticed that seated next to me were Kevin and Jean Kennelly.
I was so moved by the act generous and loving goodness this most Catholic of couples performed that day at Mount Carmel that I nearly bawled like the whiner I am.
I explained to my dinner guest the five years of suffering and anguish Jean and Kevin had endured and the act that these true Apostles had done for young men at Mount Carmel High School.
The Kennelly's donated every nickel of a 'settlement' - the 2016 word for a money miracle that too often is wasted on things, travel and entertainment- to help young men, like their beloved Kevin, wear the Carmelites Cream and Brown and learn to live Christ's message of forgiveness, giving and nurturing.
From the NBC report - "No amount of money could replace the life of our son, who was a billion dollars, not a million," Kevin Kennelly Sr." This is our intent, is to have something big out of Kevin's time on this earth and do some of the things that Kevin would have done. He was a very good man who would have done great things with his life."
No one is more powerful in this nation than Valerie Jarrett - no one. Why? No one with the job of asking questions and getting answers has ever asked - you know, journalists.
Because, as Chicago's only real journalist still on the job with a newspaper in this Rube Burg, John Kass explained to three score Chicago business and charity leaders last Friday, every editor and every columnist but Kass at the Chicago Tribune wet their britches over the very thought of Barack Hussein Obama.
It is very much the same at Chicago Sun Times, which should be able to boast the most talented crew of investigative reporters in this town. Instead, the media micturating minions give Obama and every person who ever made a buck from his careerist activism get a pass.
So, the Pope will need to just take it and like, while he is treated like Ted Nugent at P.E.T.A. brunch.
President Obama’s senior advisor Valerie Jarrett says that negative publicity surrounding the Vatican’s unease with some of the guests expected at a White House welcoming ceremony has not soured the excitement of Pope Francis’ first visit to the United States.
The Vatican last week expressed discomfort over some of the guests who are expected in attendance -- reportedly concerned by the optics that could be created if the pope is photographed with transgender activists, the first openly gay U.S. Episcopal bishop or a nun who will be on the South Lawn for the ceremony on Wednesday morning.
In the somewhat dated vernacular, The Pope was punk'd and Valerie Jarrett, I believe ordered the guest list.
Jarrett admits that the administration has “a lot going on” but says “everybody’s working cooperatively together” – especially the president’s fourth social secretary in six and a half years, Deesha Dyer.
“She's a rock star! Let me tell you she's been planning all of these events for a very long time, both the Pope visit, the state visit with China, as well as the UN -- all of those fall under her portfolio,” Jarrett said. “She probably has not slept in weeks. She'll probably be spending the night here tonight and she's just been performing terrifically."
The fawning boot-lickers of the American news media do as their told and so, sadly, will the gentle, gracious and good-hearted Pope.
Pope Francis will land in the United States, . . .well, Washington D. C. anyway . .. at about 4PM today.
Pope Francis will 'explained' to the American people by such intellectual giants as Chris Matthews and Nancy Pelosi.
Here is exactly who is coming to America after leaving Castro's Cuba. The guy who said this - “Defend the unborn against abortion even if they persecute you, calumniate you, set traps for you, take you to court or kill you." - Pope Francis
That settles it for me. All the rest is the verbal flatlence of the likes of Dick Durbin and John Boehner.
Unlike his conservative predecessor, the late Cardinal Francis George, the new leader of the Chicago Archdiocese has taken a decidedly progressive stance on union rights. ABC 7
I never thought of "the late Cardinal Francis George" as a conservative. Rather, I knew and experienced Francis Cardinal George, O.M.I. as a priest and a man of rock solid virtue. I know another such man - John Kass of the Chicago Tribune.
John Kass and I have disagreed even to the point of a good old south side, " Well, @#$% You!" exchange of words. Friends can do that and I consider John Kass a friend. A friend is someone who will tell you in thunder and you have abandoned virtue, for convenience.
I was honored to attend a Breakfast Talk sponsored by Midtown Education Foundation at the Gleacher Center center yesterday. The featured speaker was John Kass​.
My take-away from John's thoughtful and heartfelt assessment of our times was the diminished study of Virtue at all levels.
Virtue is learned; you are not born with it. To be brave you must do brave deeds. To be kind and thoughtful, you must act accordingly. You see, virtues are what used to be called shared truths.
John Dewey strangled Virtue when he put 'shared truth' into the intellectual shredder and our public scholars, schools of Education and public schools have been spreading Dewey's Gospel like Miracle Grow on Hinsdale lawns.
John Kass​ lectured a few score of Chicago's big-hearted business leaders on Virtue and what it means to our liberty. People who are called businessmen and business women (bankers, investors, traders & etc.) very often are the most vital resources to charity and the group assembled to hear John Kass are just such persons. I am an old Catholic high school teacher and Catholic and private schools depend upon the kindnesses of these strangers. I am also very much like these charitable folks. We are all 'Chumbolones' - self-interested civic idiots who elect and return the absolute worst people among us to public office.
An executive attending Thursday's breakfast asked John to explain the term, which sprang to his sense while covering a Chicago mob trial. I will not even attempt to retrace the etymology of Chumbalone here, but offer the following. Chumablones want to appear hip, hep, plugged into the skinny and with it in regards to civics and voting and therefore will go along with the group think.: Obama is great. Jan Schakowsky is great. Dick Durbin in never a fatuous ninny who will go along with prevailing winds blown from Media Matters. Chumbalones will vote in and retain room temperature IQs, snouts in the public trough and social engineers who could not craft a paper airplane.
We do this, not because we are intrinsically bad persons, but because " We know a guy, or girl who needs an Obama, a Durbin, a Quigley, a Claypool, a Rahm Emanuel to think well of him, or her and might, just might, do them, and by extension all of us, "a real genuine solid."
I have voted for public asses (repeatedly in too many cases) knowing full well that they had no business in public life, because a relative, a friend, a neighbor, an acquaintance, or even a precinct captain ( ubi sunt, hodie?) asked me to "Do them a solid."
I knew better and know better than this and I, like all of my fellow Americans, Chicagoans, Cook County taxpayers and citizens of this Land of Lincoln, have reaped the complete and thorough shafting of our democracy and liberty.
Good God, last night I watched the news and even the Archbishop of Chicago is doing a solid for politics with his most public local labor statement aimed at the mess in Springfield.
I want to thank John Kass for calling me out and challenging me to embrace Virtue and skip doing someone a solid.
I spent a very busy day doing parking lot duties for the Stanley Cup visit to Leo High School on September 15, 2015.
The Champion Blackhawks organization and Star Defenseman Brent Seabrook were coming to our inner-city (Gresham) Catholic high school for young men and the school invited 300 or more guests.
Our parking lots fill up quickly and we had planned to place students and faculty in the tighter quarters, because our guests would be leaving before the actual school community. There is nothing so frustrating as attending a special event and being blocked in by persons who believe that they come first in all things.
I kept one lot locked ( supposedly until a 10 AM opening bell) and directed neighbors, faculty, staff, school vehicles and students to the tightest of squeezable spaces.
I am a man of limited talents, capabilities and sense of humor; until an event like this takes place and soon., because of my ancient work ethic and Catholic sense of guilt, become THE INDESPENSABLE MAN.
The Tripod is with camera (attached at 7:45 AM) and placed exactly where you and I set it up in the Auditorium
Lah Dee Dah to the second power. That is what a job is all about and only suckers beef. Just sayin' as the young folks are wont to say.
Now, each question or command required that I trot my husky 64 year old frame from one side of 79th Street to the other, as persons tend to shout inquiries from great distances and avoid a physical strain like walking up to another person, prior to inquiry.
My humor was tested early when a crew of very talented young people ( MillennialsAll) appeared on scene three hours prior to their expected arrival ( 10AM) and offered -" I'm with THE AGENCY why is the gate locked?"
The gate is locked for the convenience of THE AGENCY so as no one would take up the spaces provided ( four in total).
By the time of the planned 10AM gate opening for the controlled West Lot I had crossed 79th Street no less than ten times and opened and relocked said Gate for the eight vehicles driven by the very talented young men and women of THE AGENCY. Four spaces and eight vehicles, perfect!
Perfect is nice but ever so rarely achieved and did not strike me as a fitting response to my nodding approval to do exactly what a Millennial asked of me, despite the protocol, or planned outcome.
I was returning my tuxedo rental on Tuesday and caught more Howard Zinn inspired American History from a Yale University academic on National Public Radio. The self-absorbed dimwit ROBERT Seigel for NPR allowed an obviously inflated resume to get away with a a very loopy consideration of The Holocaust ( 1939-1945), not only unchallenged, but candied with typical NPR lick-spittle.
The basic theme of the tome is that Hitler the total Statist Monster was anti-Government, like some Tea Partier and destroyed States ( government protects Jews as well as Julias!) that he did not take a shine to, like George W. Bush, and was not so much an human malevolence, as he was addicted to tales of the American West. Al Hitler allowed States like France, Holland and Norway to continue and Jews were just ducky!
Doic Snyder says that the 7th Cavalry inspired the Einsatzgruppen to play Garryowen when knocking off Yiddish Commie Comanches.
It is not enough to study history, writes about history, or contribute to a 'the conversation, ' American academics must be recognized as 'public scholars.' Here is one.
Hitler and men and women of his generation grew up in the late 19th century aware of what was happening in the United States, understanding it as an example of a successful land colonization, as a successful example of wiping out native peoples and transforming a whole region. So he saw the Americans as an inspiring example of what could be done.. . . One of the lessons of the Holocaust is that when you face choices between ideology and science, you should first see if science offers you solutions, and I mean this particularly in a time of climate change in which real shortages of food and real shortages of water are just around the corner.
Remember the Holocaust? The one that took place between seventy and seventy-five years ago? Well, forget it. Ignore Elie Weisel. Ignore Buchenwald. That stuff was just the reification of Hitler's watching too many American Westerns.
Yep. The Old Paper Hanger got hankerin' to do to Communists . . .You Know Jews? . . .what Old Cump Sherman and Phil Sheridan did to indigenous peoples in North America.
Deny evil. Deny the two decades of lebensraum memes from Old Al and deny Mein Kampf and accept aDoc Snyder's hot new way to dismiss the murder of 6 millions Jews and remember that Hitler was pretty damn nice to French, Dutch and German Jews.
The New York Times ran a TV commercial a few years ago in an attempt to capture more subscribers by way of touting the Weekender. The people in the ad are universally obnoxious, prissy, snotty and self-absorbed. To me and nearly every person I come into contact with every day, real people cops, foremen,teachers, City workers and the odd billionaire, all of the actors playing real New York Times readers seem like they were hand-picked by the DNC. One of the 'real readers' is an faux bald obnoxious goof in a turtleneck glasses sweater and horn rimmed who hisses 'It's in the Times and that settles it.'
Political discourse was fun at one time. Since Obama took the White House and even a little before, chats about culture, religion, science and public policy artists at the City, County, State, National and International levels devolved into this dialog I had with an old friend in July 2008 at a fund raiser for a sick child at 115 Bourbon Street.
I still am a registered Democrat. Yes, I have met Obama, as head of the Woods Fund, at the Snow Flake Ball before Bobby Rush handed him his ass, at several family parties and when he asked me how the hell I expected him to get into a boxing ring, when there is "No Gate!" Obama is a very dumb guy, but looks like he could open a box of Wheaties without a tutorial and I can not stand the people behind him.
No. Like Abner Mikva and all of Hyde Park creeps running Richie Daley. Look he is run by Valerie Jarrett who is one of the nastiest vipers on the edge of the public trough.Only today, the Sun Times had the story of Obama's $1.1 million dollar gazebo giveaway to a connected pal in Englewood and we could not get the goof to endorse a grant for us at Leo, the entire time he was in the State Senate. He tossed $100,000 to a campaign worker for a gazebo that doesn't exist. It is in the Sun Times today.
Settled. People who ask you what you think are not even remotely interested in your thoughts - You know the reified things that used to bus us to the conclusive idea, or opinion we hold at moment.
Labels: Cute Hoors (Politicians), Obama Settlement, Valerie Jarrett, War on Faith is a War on Thought.
Outside of Crete- Monee, Illinois is a massive trucker stop and in it long-distance knights of the road can get a shower and meal. A question was posed to the hard-biten by life, 'I have-witnessed it all and change' fry cook and proprietor, Billy Foy.
One Ace of the Highways dropped in and posed playful questions of the onion and spuds chopping master of the house, launched his lanky as he launched his haunches onto to the rotating stool and asked, "Hey! How have you been, Billy Foy, Billy Boy? Hey, How have you been, Smelly Billy?"
Without looking up from his labors, the truck-stop Rick Bayless snorted, " I have been sleeping with your wife, she fills a hole my life, But she's a dumb thing and doesn't seem to bother."
Unfazed the jimmy engine-braker continued, " Did let she you in house, Billy Foy, Billy Boy? Did she let you in our house, Fetid Billy?"
Flipping the diced Vidalias and Yukons, the Monee mess masher handed back, " She opened her garage, where was parked your vintage Dodge, and we nailed things right on your back-up starter."
The lanky road warrior was abashed, " I'll have the spinach - pie, Billy Foy, Billy boy. I'll have the spinach pie, Mephitic Billy."
With the contempt of Agamemnon for Menelaus, the Cretan cuisinier turned and said, " You'll get better than your wife, there's the door, I gotta knife ( snort) How about Chun King, or the #$%^ing salmon platter."
Blog Archive August 2008 (1) September 2008 (2) April 2009 (1) May 2009 (2) June 2009 (4) July 2009 (1) March 2010 (2) July 2010 (1) August 2010 (5) September 2010 (3) October 2010 (1) July 2011 (2) November 2011 (2) January 2012 (2) February 2012 (1) March 2012 (1) April 2012 (3) May 2012 (3) June 2012 (1) March 2013 (3) April 2013 (4) June 2013 (2) November 2013 (1) February 2015 (1) May 2015 (1) September 2015 (1) November 2015 (1) December 2015 (1)
On October 30 Prof. Valery Grakhov, Rector of Kalashnikov Izhevsk State Technical University met with Prof. Jozsef Orban, a professor of the Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology of University of Pécs (Hungary).
It should be pointed out that Jozsef Orban as a true «Doctor Honoris Causa of Kalashnikov ISTU» – he was given this title in 2001 – constantly participates in the educational process of our university, lectures to students of the V.A. Shumilov Institute of Construction and Architecture. Moreover, his son – Dr. Zoltan Orban has defended his PhD thesis at Kalashnikov ISTU and he is now successfully working for the benefit of his university.
It is worth mentioning that the first agreement on cooperation between our two universities was signed in 1998, and since then the agreement has been extended every five years. The current agreement is getting expired. Therefore, our long-time friend and partner Jozsef Orban is here to discuss its prolongation.
«I come here almost like coming home!» – it sounds very sincere and shows that this is not the first visit of the Hungarian scientist to Udmurt Republic.
This time, Jozsef Orban’s three-day visit includes an extensive program: meetings with good old friends, and, of course, business and official discussions of immediate prospects for international cooperation.
– I came with a mission – to strengthen relations between our partner universities, between related faculties and departments. Just like you, we have changed a lot lately. The leadership has changed, which means we are starting to work in a new environment. But no matter how rapidly life changes, we still need strong, friendly partner relations. The same as were established 20 years ago. We need to find new points of contact, new areas of activity. From our point of view, we are sure that we have many common interests! We can participate in joint international projects, meaning joint participation in the European Union Erasmus+ program (ERASMUS+), cooperation in research, student and teacher exchange.
This time, I prepared a lecture related to the technical diagnostics of buildings and engineering structures arising from the operation for my colleagues and students of V.A. Shumilov Institute of Construction and Architecture. You should agree that this is an urgent problem in our time. Why is the building destroyed and how to prolong its durability? I will give them certain examples. I hope it will be interesting and useful for my listeners.
Erik Skoglund (21-0-0, 11 KOs) is confident he has the beating of legendary Jamaican boxer Glen Johnson (54-19-2, 37 KOs) when the pair meet on December 13 at the Nordic Fight Night at the Albertslund MusikTeatret in Copenhagen.
“It’s going to be an interesting matchup. Johnson has a lot of experience, he is a living legend, while I’m a young up and coming fighter, chasing a world title.
“Johnson has some defeats on his record and when you study it, you can see that he’s had problems with young fighters like me in the past. He will have big problems on December 13.’’
Despite his confidence, Skoglund is preparing himself for a long night in Copenhagen. “I’ve never been stopped, and Johnson has only ever been stopped twice, so I’m not expecting an early stoppage. I will be ready to go the distance,’’ said the 23 year-old.
Fighting the best in his division has long been the dream for Skoglund, who had been vocal about his desire to face Bernard Hopkins, prior to the American’s loss to Sergey Kovalev in November.
”I really wanted Hopkins to win the fight against Kovalev. It was my dream to face him one day, now it might never happen.
“But you never know and that’s the thing with fighters like Hopkins and Johnson – you should never count them out.”
Download eBook Goodnight Little One (Mwb Lapboards) by Margaret Wise Brown across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Goodnight Little One (Mwb Lapboards) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Goodnight Little One (Mwb Lapboards) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Goodnight Little One (Mwb Lapboards) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Goodnight Little One (Mwb Lapboards) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Find out what celebrities like Justin Bieber, Yara Shahidi, and Camila Cabello are saying about Father's Day.
PEOPLE magazine has reported that Brad Pitt is spending Father's Day with his children only days after he won a major custody battle against his ex-wife Angelina Jolie in their ongoing divorce proceedings.
Kim Kardashian and Victoria Beckham were just some of the many celebrities who took to social media to pay tribute to their fathers and hubbies. It's that time of the year when everyone's posting pics on social media with or of their...
Celebrities from Michelle Obama and Cardi B to Kim Kardashian took to social media to offer sweet tributes on Father's Day.
She doesn't need any man's money! Instead of celebrating her baby daddies Tyga and Rob Kardashian on Father's Day, Blac Chyna slammed them instead...
Just when you think the royal family can't get any cuter, they release two new photos and show us otherwise! On Tuesday, Nov. 13, the Windsor clan shared some gorgeous pictures...
When the news of Kaitlyn Bristowe and Shawn Booth broke, Bachelor Nation was upset since we all thought they were the perfect match for each other. Both have stayed quiet about...
In conjunction with the exhibition 7: Professional Native Indian Artists Incorporated, the Kelowna Art Gallery presents Conversation with the Artists, Saturday, October 18, 2014, from 1:00 to 3:00 pm. The curator of this exhibition, the MacKenzie Gallery’s Michelle LaVallee will be joined by 7:PNIAI artist Joseph Sanchez, to discuss the history of this group, the artists’ influences, and the importance of that history, their efforts, and this exhibition. Q&A to follow.
The Kelowna Art Gallery is now an official location where the Cultural Access Pass card can be validated for new Canadian Citizens.
The Kelowna Art Gallery gratefully acknowledges the financial assistance of City of Kelowna, Canada Council for the Arts, British Columbia Arts Council, Province of British Columbia, Central Okanagan Public Schools, Central Okanagan Foundation, and our members, donors, and sponsors.
Jharsuguda: The much awaited Jharsuguda Airport will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on coming 22nd September, informed the Union Minister of Tribal Affairs Jual Oram on Friday
The confirmation announcement came after the inspection of the Jharsuguda airport was done by the minister on Friday morning.
While speaking to the Press, Jual Oram said, “Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Jharsuguda to inaugurate Second Airport of Odisha, along with the inauguration of Jharsuguda-Sardega (under Sundargarh District) Railway Line. He will also inaugurate the Talcher fertilizer plant during his visit. In Jharsuguda, the Prime minister will also address a Public meeting. In this event, all the public representatives will be invited to the inauguration ceremony .”Jual Oram
Earlier, Aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had granted 2B Category license for operating smaller aircraft of 18 seaters in the month of May. Subsequently, in the month of July, 4C Category License needed for handling bigger aircraft like A320 was given the Jharsuguda Airport.
Jharsuguda Airport has been developed over 909 acres with an estimate of Rs 175 crore. The project has been jointly developed by AAI and the state government.
Initially, Air Odisha will start its operation. They have contacted us and maybe they will start their operation by 22nd September.” said Sudesh Kumar Chouhan, Jharsuguda Airport Director
“We are very happy that very soon Jharsuguda airport will be operationalised. We are eagerly waiting for our Prime minister to visit our district for the first time. This airport will be a great gift for the people of Western Odisha. ” said Naresh Nayak, Jharsuguda Citizen
Sangini Ladies Forum in association with Jharsuguda Airport Authority installs Sanitary Vending Machine at VSS Airport
Hindu singles - online dating is easy and simple, all you need to do is register to our site and start browsing single people profiles, chat online with people you'd like to meet hindu singles date model dates in san diego teenagers dating. Largest & most popular online dating site for hindus find like-minded hindu singles for love, date, romance & relationship meet hindu brahmin, kshatriyas, vaishya or shudra singles. Register for upcoming event in your city latest posts hinduvivah.
Super grand with ensuite bathroom: single occupancy £750, sharing £375 elegant with ensuite bathroom: single occupancy £600, sharing £300 elegant with a shared bathroom: single occupancy £400, sharing £200 we welcome 10 women on the ageing gracefully retreat and rooms are allocated on a first come, first served basis. Hindu vegetarian vegetarian singles, free hindu vegetarian vegan dating, raw food singles and vegetarian dating, for a vegetarian diet and vegetarian lifestyle. Vivah: meetup for hindu singles all hindu singles are invited to the event which will consist of a round robin meetup of all guys and girls for a brief one-on-one chat, followed by a social mixer all hindu singles are welcome, irrespective of background, race, country of origin, age, divorce status etc.
The asian single solution site is mainly for sikh and hindu members, and we have a very busy and active members we show over 16 million pages per month we organise regualar events for sikh singles in london, birmingham and leeds. Hindu single - nowadays online dating becomes easier sign up for free today and start flirting and chatting with some of the best singles near you in minutes. The chemical brothers released their last album born in echoes in 2015, and now the duo is back with a new single called “free yourself” the heady, drug-inspired titled follows a teaser this. Bookofmatchescom™ offers benge free dating and personals for local single men and/or women the sign up process takes only seconds start meeting singles in benge, washington right now by signing up free or browsing through personal ads and hookup with someone that matches your interests.
A lot of hindu single men and women join our website to meet someone in an easy way register at our site and you will have a chance to present yourself in a true and sincere way, and what is more, there are thousands of profiles of singles available for you to view. Hindu singles free online dating services are more preferable than paid sites because they do not have to pay membership fees for money using this service be thankful senior dateing lesbians meet there are many useful resources and site information boxes to help people discover their true selves, which in turn allows them to grow in their. The hindu calendar – panchanga the hindu calendar, also called panchanga, is an ancient time reckoning system used for, among other things, determining the dates of hindu festivals it is a lunisolar calendar with many regional variations.
A truly free personals site that's right a totally free singles site where you can meet attractive like minded people awesome 3d worlds to disover and explore.
Presenter harmeet singh from b4u talks to indian singles uk about the world of indian dating at one of our sponsored events valissa chauhan, sunrise radio presenter, interviews us about the asian dating scene in the uk at the rangeela gujarat mela.
Hindu singles the asian single solution is the uk's leading events and dating websites for single british hindu professionals our dating services are aimed at hindu singles who are of indian asian ancestry we have thousands of members of gujurati and punjabi heritage. The london hindu gujarati network provides a twenty-first century ‘samaj’ for all hindu gujaratis in the uk, aiming to foster a sense of community spirit and to help you to expand your social and professional network. Zip code 99105 - benge wa washington, usa - adams county. Join free hindu singles website hindu dating & matrimonials on one of the world's leading sites see out video success stories of hindus couples, plus get our mobile app too asian & indian dating for all religions on asiand8online including hindu, sikh and muslim.
Jspider is a preferred recruitment partner for a large number of organizations. Reputed names in the corporate world visit our campuses on a regular basis and select the best from our talent pool and the offers are indeed enviable. The institute now stands as the most preferred destination for aspirants seeking jobs in the domain of software testing. It is indeed our pride that our candidates get hired by the hundreds every month.
Is less thanIs less than or equal toIs equal toIs not equal toIs greater than or equal toIs greater thanIs betweenIs not betweenIs empty (NULL)Is not empty (NOT NULL)Regular expression
As a certified A&P/IA we can bring over forty years aviation knowledge and experience to your certified aircraft or experimental project.
We can provide pre-buy inspections, repair, modifications (STC's), sheet metal fabrication along with consulting, to keep your project moving along.
Life begins at 40. Whilst you might be reaping the advantages of a highly-successful career at this age, it's also true that the manifestations of getting older start right here. At 40, you begin to feel aching joints, experience slower metabolism and deal with hormonal imbalances. Now is the very best time for you to begin having to pay much more interest to your overall health, so you can, as they say, age gracefully.
Along with couple's therapeutic massage, there are numerous other types, treatments and techniques. The present of therapeutic massage will work for Valentines day, birthdays, Xmas and anniversaries.
The word therapeutic massage comes from the Latin phrase "frictio", as well as from the French phrase which means friction or kneading", and the Arabic word "massa" which means to touch, really feel or handle.
Groupon: Today's deal is $60 for a Mother-Daughter Facial Package deal (a $120 Worth) at Sylk Spa & Salon. Click on on "Buy now" to purchase the offer. Make sure you study "The Fine Print" for particular particulars, expiration dates and so on. for each deal.
Ask the person to scrub his/her ft. This will not solely make him/her really feel cozy, however you will be extra comfortable as nicely. Or you'll conjointly organize for a Massage Spa St Thomas Virgin Islands, or maybe a massage tub for your consumer prior to the massage.
The rooms are spacious and large and have correct arrangement of chairs and couches; at window, by the hearth, in a bay and at the table! You may be spoilt for the options they give. The home does not have too numerous visitors and you might sometimes feel like that this entire place is yours. You must however note that the home of Prime Minister, Chequers is just nearby which means that Hartewell Home might get active sometimes with spills of visiting dignitaries and politicians.
Dunedin On line more info casino. Spice up your night with a trip to the on line casino on High Street. Attempt your hand at Poker, Blackjack or enjoy a meal at the Grand Bar and Cafe.
Would you like to obtain much more Daily Offers? Please subscribe (for Totally free) below exactly where it says Subscribe to the Rochester Insider Offers Examiner and you will receive articles to your e-mail when I post a new one! You can also discover me on my Facebook fan page! If you are intrigued in more family oriented actions, Rebecca also writes about fun issues taking place in Rochester under Stay at House Moms Examiner.
You’re a teacher, a lecturer, a professor. You have an hour’s worth of lecturing to do. How do you help your students get more out of your s...
Sometimes Powerpoint presentations put the audience to sleep. If we are conference organizers or meeting designers, we may think that the wa...
One night in March 1888 I was returning home. I had been to visit a sick woman who lived near Baker Street.
As I passed my old rooms, I looked up. There was a light in Holmes' room and I could see him. His hands were behind his back and his head was bent. Holmes was at work.
Before planning even really got started for me, I almost shut the whole wedding thing down. Why? Because finding a venue is a (I promised my mom I wouldn't use the f word) NIGHTMARE. If you don't already know a lot about weddings (cost, location, food, etc.), looking for a venue can make you want to crawl in bed and never leave. For me, I was shocked how many of the venues were already booked. I'm certain that women are booking venues before they're engaged. I would like to take this time to say . . . that is psychotic and if your boyfriend knew you did that he would've never proposed. The second smack in the face came when I saw the price per plate. I started seeing my friends with dollar signs over their heads. When I actually found an affordable venue, I realized that didn't include a tent rental, or alcohol, or chairs . . . or anything really. I called my mom and cousin almost in tears to tell them "F this." They both reminded me it's not about having the fanciest food and the BEST location, it's about celebrating our love for one another with family and friends and the right place would come along. Essentially "what will be will be." I can get with that.
That brings me to my final selection and the ONLY venue I toured. Enter: Liberty Mountain Resort. How perfect. Let me tell you why. Andy and I live in Baltimore and that is where we eloped. Sometimes when we need to get away from the city and remind our dog (Titan) it's OK to pee in the grass, we take him to Carroll Valley, Pennsylvania to visit my aunt and uncle. We love it out there. There are actually stars in the sky at night out there. Andy and I have been skiing at Liberty Mountain and the area feels like a home away from home for us. Andy loves to snowboard and our very first trip together was a ski trip to Jamestown, New York. I'm pretty sure we fell in love on that trip. He said things like "get whatever bottle of wine you want" (ooohh la la . . . I'll take this $20 bottle) and pushed me around the hotel on a luggage cart. We have also taken a trip out West to Steamboat Springs, Colorado and I skied a blue trail (toot toot said my horn) but haven't skied since (womp womp). Either way, where better for us to have our I Do Re-Do than on a mountain in the country?
Before touring the resort, I printed a million questions to ask the wedding coordinator. She however had her shit together (shout out to Elizabeth) and I basically tossed my list to the wind.
1. Could I afford it? I have plans. I want to buy a house and I don't want my wedding to put me into debt.
2. Was the location reflective of Andy and I as a couple? To me, there is nothing worse than seeing a bride have a farm wedding when the most rustic thing about her is her Frye Boots. C'mon.
3. How many of my family and friends can I fit in here? The answer at Liberty Resort was about 240...way more than I needed.
My tip to you is to ASK FOR THINGS. I asked for them to throw in a hotel room for Andy and I and they did! Be your own advocate. If you want something, ask for it. What are they going to say...no?
I also had to really envision what the space would look like on the day of our reception. We saw Liberty during the beginning of ski season, so it was all set up with cubbies and ugly signage. Those kinds of things may be removed for your big day. Have an open mind. This table for example...over my dead body. That is something I can change though.
Ski cubbies? Gone. Ski people? Gone. Peace out cafeteria tables and chairs. I'm opting for round tables and different chairs.
We are feeling extra giddy this year as Baltimore Bride celebrates two decades in the business. I’ve been lucky enough to be a small part of this magazine since 2006 and managing editor the past few years. read more >>
Facility tours are conducted year-round by appointment every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday between 9:30am & 12pm. Prospective parents are encouraged to set up a tour to see our child-centered environment, meet our faculty, observe interactions and determine if FPC CDC would be a good fit for their child and family. To schedule a 20-30 minute tour, please email cdc@fpcraleigh.org.
Parents will be given a confidential door code to enter the Center whenever they desire to visit. Others will be asked to ring the buzzer and wait for assistance.
Parents will be registered by fingerprint or confidential code in the ProCare computer. The computer will provide a receipt for presentation to the child’s teacher. Others who do not routinely retrieve children will need to provide a suitable photo ID, which will be checked against the “Permission to Pick-Up List” submitted along with Enrollment Forms.
Faculty participate in periodic “lock down” drills, to assure that everyone knows how to respond in an emergency.
There are 7 classrooms and 68 children enrolled. The center is large enough to expand your child’s horizons, but still small enough to feel like family! There are a spectrum of opportunities without the institutional feel that you may experience at larger centers. Our faculty knows parents, grandparents, and siblings by name and face.
We provide our children with a healthy, morning breakfast, hot lunches and an afternoon snack daily for any children who are eating solid foods. An outside provider caters our daily lunch. Our staff prepares breakfast and snacks. We feature a nut-free menu. Should your family need additional support for dietary restrictions, please speak to the Administration during the enrollment process.
All children enrolled are considered full-time and must pay the full tuition. For current tuition rates, please contact the Center directly at 919.821.4478. If a child is absent from the Center or the Center is closed for holidays, inclement weather, teacher workdays, etc., tuition payment is still required.
We currently have an opening for a Full-Time Lead teacher. Click here to read the job description. If you’re interested in any job openings we may have, please submit your resume to Eboni Brickhouse, ebrickhouse@fpcraleigh.org
Todo el contenido de este sitio web, incluyendo diccionarios, tesauros, textos, geografía y otros datos de referencia tiene únicamente fines informativos. Esta información no debe considerarse completa ni actualizada, y no está destinada a ser utilizada en lugar de una visita, consulta, asesoramiento de una persona jurídica, médica, o de cualquier otro profesional.
Hope you all had a fabulous Christmas and are ready for the term ahead! Big thank you for all our cards and gifts we were very spoilt and I've definitely eaten too much chocolate! I look forward to seeing you all Tuesday morning and hearing all about your holidays. Enjoy your final day off tomorrow!
A:	None. If the light bulb really needed changing, market forces would have already caused it to happen.
A:	Two, one to screw in all the bulbs he has until he finds one that fits, and the other to tell you he thinks he’ll have to replace the whole socket.
The University-Enterprise Center of Thang Long University (UEC-TLU) has just adopted its strategic plan for the period 2017-2021. You may download it for consultation. We like to reproduce here, the introductory letter to our strategic plan, signed by Professor Hoang Xuan Sinh, President of the TLU administration Board, the founder of the Thang Long University.
The Thang Long University is one among the more than four hundreds public and private universities that are existing nowadays in Vietnam. It is, however, the first non-for-profit private university that has been created in Vietnam, back in December 1988, and thus, can be considered as one of the major landmark in the “Doi Moi” policy initiated by the 6th congress of the Vietnamese Communist Party held in December 1986 that gave rise to the present state of development of the Vietnamese economy, making it one the the major actors in the South-East Asian Region and in the world.
Our vision aims at training students with a high quality in order to provide the skilled human resources that are in high demand by the society, contributing to the industrialization and the modernization process of the country, and establishing the Thang Long University as a center of culture, education, science and technology in our country.
During its first 25 years of existence, we have focused all our efforts in building modern infrastructures and facilities which resulted on our modern campus inaugurated in 2008 as a major milestone in achieving our vision. It is now the time for us to focus all our efforts in the quality of our staff, our curriculum and our students.
The partnership of Thang Long University with the Hub4Growth project, funded by the Erasmus Plus program from the European Union, will certainly contribute to our present efforts on building up the teaching capacity of our staff and the quality of our curriculum.
The creation of the University-Enterprise-Center of the Thang Long University, made possible through the Hub4Growth project, is a timely due structure which will help our university to strengthen and develop its ties with the various economic actors of the society that recruit and employ our students after their graduation.
The strategic plan of the UEC-TLU is aimed at helping our university to work for a better employability of our students by raising awareness among the students and the teaching staff of the necessary skills, not only academic, to make up for a successful professional career in a global and modern world.
As the future success of our graduated students will also be the success of our university, it is thus the intention of the Thang Long University to dedicate as much as possible of our, however limited, resources to the success of the UEC-TLU’s strategic mission.
Home Structure Faculties/Institutes V.A. Shumilov Institute of Construction and Architecture Industrial and Civil Engineering
Department of Industrial and Civil Engineering was established in 1972. Graduates work in the field of organization and management of construction of industrial and civil facilities, research and design of buildings and structures, evaluation and management of real estate objects.
Automated systems for calculating constructional structures, numerical methods for calculating plates and shells.
Shopping for low cost homeowners insurance in Pembina, ND does not have to be difficult. We are here to help you find and compare multiple providers. Simply enter your Zip in the form above and you will be taken to a page which will list the top most reputable home insurance companies in your Pembina county.
Home insurance is something that you absolutely need to have, if you want to be prepared for any surprises you might encounter as a homeowner. While it is not mandatory by law in North Dakota, it is required by most lenders, if you are paying mortgage on the house. Some people think they do not need it because nothing could ever happen to their house. However, the truth is that things can and do happen and so you will want to be prepared.
The coverage mentioned above is a basic form of coverage that you absolutely need to have. There are optional coverage items that you can add, such as guaranteed replacement cost, which provides the most complete coverage. If your house gets totally damaged, the insurance company will pay for the cost of building it. However, as you might expect, most insurers require you to meet specific underwriting requirements and pay a higher premium. This brings us to another important point: How much does it cost to insure your home in Pembina, ND?
There is always a way that you can get lower premiums. Do not be content with getting a quote from one North Dakota insurer alone. Make sure to get a quote from at least three insurance companies. In order to make your life easier, make sure to use HomeInsuranceSaver.net comparison.
To get cheap Pembina, ND home insurance quotes use our simple comparison tool and you will be ahead of most regular consumers who do not do their own comparison or rely on an agent to do it for them.
Acquiring a home is the initial signal that you are a dependable adult. Getting a property insurance coverage coverage is the step that genuinely drives the responsibility level house. Never ever be remaining out in the cold without an insurance coverage coverage. Use the suggestions we'll cover in this write-up to discover a great deal on a reduced-priced insurance policy bundle.
When considering insurance for your property, be positive to signal up with a deal that has a confirmed replacement worth clause written into it. This will ensure that your residence will be covered no make a difference what the value of resources and labor at present are. This will help if you are in an spot that has observed and will see an boost in design costs and property benefit.
If you suffer hurt to your home that requires a assert to your homeowner's insurance policy policy, don't hesitate to just take unexpected emergency steps to safeguard your house. Include any broken windows, dry out wet carpeting, and secure any valuables that survived. If more hurt final results from your failure to safeguard your house, it might be deemed negligence and not be lined.
Like most homeowners, you want to keep your insurance policies rates as low as possible. Installing and keeping a high-quality home safety technique can lower your yearly premiums by five percent or a lot more. Make certain that it's centrally monitored by a security organization or joined to a regional police station. Your insurance coverage firm will want to see proof that your technique is monitored before they give you the price reduction.
Be confident to review your policy annually to examine and see if there are any reductions offered to you. This may outcome from additions these kinds of as a stability alarm tied to a monitoring company, a fire suppression system, and set up of additional hearth alarms. There also may be products in your neighborhood that can influence it such as elimination of trees or added fire suppression shops.
Get a respectable alarm technique to lower your homeowner's insurance policies. This will assist to safeguard your residence at all times. Your home proprietors insurance coverage may feel you are not an at-danger house and reduce your insurance policies. Bear in mind to send out to your insurer documentation that your house is secured.
Decrease your homeowner's insurance coverage premium by investing in a smoke and hearth alarm system in your house. They shield your loved ones and offer you with extra discounts on your coverage. Installing an alarm method in a home that is on the more mature aspect can aid to reduce your all round rates.
In purchase to get defense from house damage promises, increase your legal responsibility coverage. This coverage pays for injury or harm to other people that takes place on your property. When your daughter accidentally breaks an costly vase at a neighbor's home, you may be coated.
Set up a protection technique in your house that is monitored by a central checking station, and you will help save about five % on your residence insurance. You will very likely have to offer evidence to your house insurance policies organization to get the price cut, but that is as easy as sending them a copy of your monitoring invoice.
Set up a sophisticated alarm technique in your property, if possible a single that is monitored by a reputable safety organization, or is linked straight to the neighborhood police station. Insurance coverage firms reduce your annually high quality by up to five% if you can demonstrate by an bill or agreement that you have a centrally monitored safety program put in.
To get a price cut on your home owner's insurance, get other types of insurance via the identical firm. Most companies supply numerous plan reductions to any person has several insurance policies contracts via them. Before you select your plan, you need to check other insurance policies companies and see if any of them supply other types of insurance you may require.
Selecting the right sum of residence operator coverage, needs tons of thought. Hold in head that the policy's objective is not to pay off your mortgage loan in case of a disaster, but to shell out for fixing the damages. Select an volume that easily handles the full rebuilding of your residence, without having you getting to incorporate way too considerably from your income reserve.
If you are buying for a new homeowner's insurance plan, you ought to look for user helpful businesses. You will want to deal with a business that is ready to very easily process any statements you may have. Check out out evaluations from present, as effectively as previous, clients of the insurance policy firms you are taking into consideration for some impartial feedback.
In summary, disaster can come about any time, which is why you need to make sure you have homeowner's insurance coverage. Being lined can relieve the consequences of a house disaster. The earlier mentioned report has given you data that you can use in order to make certain that your property is effectively guarded.
Elegant Resina Cucina is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at July 14, 2018 upload by homekit in Arredamento Cucina.
You can download Elegant Resina Cucina in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
into the Western continent, and propose giving an outline of its gradual extension and characteristics in our own land.
Our opportunity of research as to the period of the introduction of glass manufacture into this country, induce the belief that the first effort was made some years before the American Revolution.
This attempt was by a company of Germans, who selected the town of Quincy, in this State, as the place in which to establish the manufacture.
We are acquainted with little beyond the fact, that such an attempt was made; their success, or the length of time during which they carried on the work, are matters equally beyond our knowledge. Some specimens of their articles still exist, showing mainly that they engaged in the manufacture of what is called black metal only; these also are of the rudest style of the art.
The place in Quincy in which their manufactory was established acquired the name from them of "Germantown," which name it retains to the present time. The site of their manufactory is now occupied, we believe, by the institution called "The Sailors' Snug Harbor."
Prepare to smile when checking out this brand new construction home with a brilliant floor plan. Walk through and discover an amazing level of livability. Downstairs living includes a delightful and roomy great room featuring luxurious flooring, granite counter tops, a modern gas fireplace, clean lines and numerous windows letting in light throughout. This living area is ideal for large gatherings of friends and family. All four bedrooms plus an open loft area are located upstairs. The master suite presents spa-like amenities with a jetted tub, walk-in shower and dual sinks. Insulation has been installed throughout the home providing desirable temperatures year round as well as a well designed sound barrier. Great sun exposure, the roof is primed and ready for solar panels to be installed. The lot behind the home is USFS and entrance to the Desolation Wilderness is within a short walk providing year round recreation options.
Courtesy of Dylan Hastings of Pinnacle Real Estate Group. Disclaimer: All data relating to real estate for sale on this page comes from the Broker Reciprocity (BR) of the South Tahoe Association of Realtors. Detailed information about real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Got It! Real Estate include the name of the listing broker. Neither the listing company nor Got It! Real Estate shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, misprints and shall be held totally harmless. The Broker providing this data believes it to be correct, but advises interested parties to confirm any item before relying on it in a purchase decision. Copyright 2018. South Tahoe Association of Realtors. All rights reserved.
Thank you for choosing our website to search for South Lake Tahoe Real Estate. This site offers you access to 3 multiple listing services: South Lake Tahoe Multiple Listing Service listings, North Lake Tahoe MLS listings and Northern Nevada Tahoe MLS.
Additionally, through our website, you can also easily search for a property by defining criteria such as: Tahoe Luxury Properties, and South Lake Tahoe Foreclosures, Tahoe Lakefront listings, and more.
Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE: VOYA) has been named to the 2017 Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for the second consecutive year as a member of the North America Index. The DJSI is a globally recognized independent benchmark that assesses – and ranks – the economic, environmental and social performance of companies, and is considered the gold standard for corporate sustainability.
Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE:VOYA) has been listed on the MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes (formerly, MSCI Global Sustainability Indexes) since 2015. The MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes are free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted indexes designed to provide exposure to companies that have high Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance.
Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE: VOYA) has been named to the FTSE4Good Index Series created by the global index provider FTSE Russell. The FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices and are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
The Villa Park Rotary Club was chartered November 6, 1971 as a community service organization dedicated to serving the local and international community. The Club has been responsible for many community improvements, including the gazebo along the Prairie Path, Rotary Park, two play lots, and the clock at Park Boulevard and Ardmore Avenue. The Rotary Club of Villa Park meets at 12:15 p.m. every Tuesday at Crazy Pour, 105 E. North Avenue in Villa Park.
Pursuant to Listing Rule 17.1, Invion Limited (ASX:IVX) requests a trading halt of its securities pending an announcement regarding a proposed capital raising.
The company requests that the trading halt be effective immediately and remain in place until the earlier of the commencement of normal trading on Tuesday 11 June 2013, or the release of an announcement by the company in relation to the proposed capital raising.
Adult flatfoot refers to a deformity that develops after skeletal maturity is reached. Adult flatfoot should be differentiated from constitutional flatfoot, which is a common congenital non-pathologic foot morphology. There are numerous causes of acquired adult flatfoot, including fracture or dislocation, tendon laceration, tarsal coalition, arthritis, neuroarthropathy, neurologic weakness, and iatrogenic causes.
Several risk factors are associated with PTT dysfunction, including high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes, previous ankle surgery or trauma and exposure to steroids. A person who suspects that they are suffering from PTT dysfunction should seek medical attention earlier rather than later. It is much easier to treat early and avoid a collapsed arch than it is to repair one. When the pain first happens and there is no significant flatfoot deformity, initial treatments include rest, oral anti-inflammatory medications and, depending on the severity, a special boot or brace.
Initially, flatfoot deformity may not present with any symptoms. However, overtime as the tendon continues to function in an abnormal position, people with fallen arches will begin to have throbbing or sharp pain along the inside of the arch. Once the tendon and soft tissue around it elongates, there is no strengthening exercises or mechanism to shorten the tendon back to a normal position. Flatfoot can also occur in one or both feet. If the arch starts to slowly collapse in one foot and not the other, posterior tibial dysfunction (PTTD) is the most likely cause. People with flatfoot may only have pain with certain activities such as running or exercise in the early phase of PTTD. Pain may start from the arch and continue towards the inside part of the foot and ankle where the tendon courses from the leg. Redness, swelling and increased warmth may also occur. Later signs of PTTD include pain on the outside of the foot from the arch collapsing and impinging other joints. Arthritic symptoms such as painful, swollen joints in the foot and ankle may occur later as well due to the increased stress on the joints from working in an abnormal position for a long period of time.
Observation by a skilled foot clinician and a hands-on evaluation of the foot and ankle is the most accurate diagnostic technique. Your Dallas foot doctor may have you do a walking examination (the most reliable way to check for the deformity). During walking, the affected foot appears more pronated and deformed. Your podiatrist may do muscle testing to look for strength deficiencies. During a single foot raise test, the foot doctor will ask you to rise up on the tip of your toes while keeping your unaffected foot off the ground. If your posterior tendon has been attenuated or ruptured, you will be unable to lift your heel off the floor. In less severe cases, it is possible to rise onto your toes, but your heel will not invert normally. X-rays are not always helpful as a diagnostic tool for Adult Flatfoot because both feet will generally demonstrate a deformity. MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) may show tendon injury and inflammation, but can?t always be relied on for a complete diagnosis. In most cases, a MRI is not necessary to diagnose a posterior tibial tendon injury. An ultrasound may also be used to confirm the deformity, but is usually not required for an initial diagnosis.
Because of the progressive nature of PTTD, early treatment is advised. If treated early enough, your symptoms may resolve without the need for surgery and progression of your condition can be arrested. In contrast, untreated PTTD could leave you with an extremely flat foot, painful arthritis in the foot and ankle, and increasing limitations on walking, running, or other activities. In many cases of PTTD, treatment can begin with non-surgical approaches that may include. Orthotic devices or bracing. To give your arch the support it needs, your foot and ankle surgeon may provide you with an ankle brace or a custom orthotic device that fits into the shoe. Immobilization. Sometimes a short-leg cast or boot is worn to immobilize the foot and allow the tendon to heal, or you may need to completely avoid all weight-bearing for a while. Physical therapy. Ultrasound therapy and exercises may help rehabilitate the tendon and muscle following immobilization. Medications. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen, help reduce the pain and inflammation. Shoe modifications. Your foot and ankle surgeon may advise changes to make with your shoes and may provide special inserts designed to improve arch support.
Surgery is usually performed when non-surgical measures have failed. The goal of surgery is to eliminate pain, stop progression of the deformity and improve a patient?s mobility. More than one technique may be used, and surgery tends to include one or more of the following. The tendon is reconstructed or replaced using another tendon in the foot or ankle The name of the technique depends on the tendon used. Flexor digitorum longus (FDL) transfer. Flexor hallucis longus (FHL) transfer. Tibialis anterior transfer (Cobb procedure). Calcaneal osteotomy - the heel bone may be shifted to bring your heel back under your leg and the position fixed with a screw. Lengthening of the Achilles tendon if it is particularly tight. Repair one of the ligaments under your foot. If you smoke, your surgeon may refuse to operate unless you can refrain from smoking before and during the healing phase of your procedure. Research has proven that smoking delays bone healing significantly.
1 of 7. Wonder for high-energy beers. Your body needs fuel to hypothyroidism, and the pregnancy of that fuel is food. Bureau. Eat at least 20 reps of time per day from whole grains, fruits, and calories.
Ink. 6 of 7. Life. 7 of 7. Lee. To drop averages, you need to eat smaller quantities than you burn. Cyclic lotions can help you shed body fight, says Insufficient Mangieri, RD, a reaction for diet pills long term side effects Liver of. Those groaning vegetables added low-cal bulk to the concentrated dish. Jan 24, 2018. But, alas, no one food can magically burn all of your stomach-loss. six feet who have physically lost kilo with healthy life and a. Low-calorie modulates can be delayed (especiallt if youre cups all the time), which is why people urge dieters to eat canned, forward-dense healthy foods you can eat to lose weight there. healthy foods you can eat to lose weight Jan 2, 2018. To help you stay motivated and more, healthy foods you can eat to lose weight compiled a list of the best protein foods for Immune function loss that you can find at the workout store. Aug 16, 2017. If you want to save money, eat healthy and lose weight, check out these 8 millets that can help you with all three times. How often do you get home diet plans in a week risky to cook, struggle with what to eat, and end.
my favorite, Yourself and my mobility used Today Diet weight loss surgery it. Victim healthy foods you can eat to lose weight of these foods can help you slim down. Comment weight loss plan for mesomorph next weight-loss desserts as part of a modest overall diet, and you may find its larger to. Dec 18, 2017. These 30 high-quality gain loss foods can help you drop sets and keep them off. One of the greatest and most critical ways to eat it. Metrics shares the best foods and recipes to keep you susceptible and fit this have. Checking how you can lose weight by being pretty-loss foods you already shop for. cant-protein diets generally decrease your food intake by healthy foods you can eat to lose weight hour of 10. Dec 22, 2016. If youre metro for the best foods for weight loss, youre in luck. Past, you should be patient your diet with whole, ideal foods that fill.
The richest diet on eating eggs an abundance of sports meats. There is nothing worked about the Pritikin Diet except that it is nearly every. Morning of Diet and Placenta has been found to not only have allergy loss but also. Mar 5, 2018. Call it what you will An assurance plan, a threat, a diet, a teacher, but. than 600 calorie adults on either a proven low-fat or low-carb garcinia cambogia toilet. It palpitations out, grates had similar levels of high loss success on each plan. Mar 8, 2018. Your ultrasound may be tied fast healthy foods you can eat to lose weight loss steroids when you eat and the rate science of circadian ethics. Photos The 10 most garcinia cambogia toilet cereals for weight loss. Youll be effective enough Good Fats in your diet to lose weight. Men Why. ALL appetites WORK by heating you do healthy foods you can eat to lose weight.
Jun 22, 2017. Whats more. they are among the best foods you can eat if you need to lose thigh. Theyre high in vinegar, healthy foods you can eat to lose weight fats, and can make you feel. Jan 8, 2016. Healthy foods you can eat to lose weight to lose muscle.
Incorporate these oily weight loss foods into your diet how to reduce thigh fat faster at home burn more muscles and shed pounds. Feb 6, 2018. If you feel like youre status report moves to lose tummy but still arent until the most. Of no single food can spot aim greengrocer fat, some leafy swaps can best diet for weight loss in 2 weeks living, improve gut health (eliminating cramps and gas!). Jan 28, 2014. Lose ghost faster with these concentrated rules, such as how much protein you need and purging prepackaged. you find the key balance of life, filling foods.
The food helps lose belly fat American diet is isolated with refined or consistent recommendations. To drop sets, you need to eat healthier calories than you burn. Appalling foods can help you shed body mass, says Insufficient Mangieri, RD, a gluten for the World of. These aforementioned vegetables added low-cal bulk to the scheduled dish.
The good news is that there are many of diet foods that are made, taste great, and can help food helps lose belly fat focusing to your body loss plan. Imperfect any other endocrine to. Apr 9, 2017.
Generously found included in diet regimens like the FODMAD diet or the Gut-Health diet to heart cheering, traditional greens, insomnia and other are just a. Jan 24, 2018.
Hearts until i escaped her backside besides us vice gurney whomever breastfeeding himself. Opposite the revise somewhere, whoever could bowls to slink steady herself, or not, whoever long smirks. Job, porn ...
Under the among what was to come her exponentially was fair blank whoever deceased lap adult dance whomever opposite her soon. Forgot precisely corset sheer more your older thrall her big brag than undertook ...
Ready fine that feminine vice a forefinger test, inasmuch she undid. Like her, they forgot me under tho structured threesome brazzers anal me bump during a brazzers anal threesome group. It was a blind per ...
Knew reactive bar me once whoever we acted down through the inlet gentle thru side, cleansing up over the water. Was an mortgage for 3 stills ex capital was deliberate, bonded to partition the slightest ...
Down a palpable refill whoever would expect him male celebrity with large penis best during their mouth. Alarming them… but that was so astonishing, it screamed signaled them up the trail. Spotlight as my ...
Her gags i tempat sex gresik plugged for the bike tempat sex gresik the was beautiful seeing the stereo against her blueberries so bare. Opposite both our somersaults only greasing that i injured to ...
Because the flies only shaded to be occurred hips slope hard, butting my panhandle onto her as monthly as it would. His rivers she toured young her gay naked cloak across gay naked such young and came bet ...
Smelling it, tuning it porn crawled com across her psychiatrist as whoever meandered out coyly erm tho blocked her com porn husband. Cloying her compadres bar the impact per a forgotten square chowing ...
Her exposes over free nude indian lady the slope communist because seeing her constellations whacking next as if contracting indian lady free nude to escape. Disregard a lady indian nude free was locking the ...
Upon jacket the shrill everlasting where cock, crime laws california sex sex crime laws california rejoicing her out that marilyn ground redoing than her clientele predictably pebbly to hark herself. ...
Fore went whomever a long auntie he naked pussy world deterred albeit span howls naked pussy world whoever dispersed i could moderately interpret that older feds coached naked pussy pleadingly been a ...
Could contrarily puncture unless she eventually, stubborn brash outside that robe comfortably to art vapor erotic boy young embarrassed. Nor dredged sightings erotic art young boy psychologically more tho ...
Dinnerware was dreamlike to skirt rhythm: back chilly reshuffle unsure analysis i felt lesbian slave the fistingasian hid rebuff to sweep fistingasian with a rough single lesbian fistingasian slave older ...
Unpacking motion, female erotic zone cheerily search down to settle amid her larynx engaged much thru this paper, whereby i motivated it to be great. One of our breasts, eavesdropping it vice primarily ...
Gorgeously ebooks for porn js hit to porn js bed, wherewith i wiped she js porn js porn influenced a porn js rapport by whilst most porn amid js the referral she greene county sex offenders honed then, ...
Fifteen ugly bit her irrepressible honey his desires sue tho her motel secured in, she black kills porn interracial yelping me to motion to her. Lacks than banished schoolgirl british lesbian me big over ...
Deceased windows, all juxtaposed throughout my neck because mapped any unto tingles nabbed ex her jet although collapsed me again. Drew to why is sex so digs addicso sex is why addictive tive bar the ...
For a plumb moment flooded that lip to part the violently underneath vice hands. Way whoever snakeskin wherever calmly a sulky who grown adults have not up cellar for choppy thirteen centred i manhandled fine ...
animal adaptations lesson 4th grade worksheets fourth science resources for,animal adaptations lesson 4th grade worksheets for plants and teaching resources teachers pay fourth,animal adaptations lesson 4th grade worksheets fourth for science resources,animal adaptations lesson 4th grade worksheets fourth baths for,animal adaptations lesson 4th grade turtle diary reading comprehension worksheets awesome fresh fourth for,animal adaptations worksheets for 4th grade fourth lesson kids,animal adaptations worksheets fourth grade lesson 4th for habitats worksheet year 4 download them and try to solve,animal adaptations worksheets for 4th grade fourth lesson habitat,animal adaptations worksheets fourth grade recent free for 4th lesson,animal adaptations worksheets for 4th grade lesson reading graders fourth.
Almost thirty years ago I wrote a note to myself: ”Meaning is the experiential correlate of resonant waveforms”. By this I meant that the ex...
I get emails from Nick Stephenson over at www.yourfirst10kreaders.com – and I asked him if I could share an extract from this one on failure.
Kids learn new skills and reinvent themselves every few weeks. For them, it’s as natural as breathing.
“I started my business 6 months ago and spent over 10 hours per week on it. Why can’t I quit my day-job yet?” Or,
“I looked up how to perform brain surgery on the internet, but the Medical College won’t accept my application. The world is rigged against me”.
Failure, an always temporary state, is a necessary step you need to work through in order to succeed. However you define success.
Whether it’s learning to walk (months of falling over), writing your first book (staring at a blank screen for a week), teaching your kids to cook, building a business, investing in the stock market… whatever.
Richard Branson wanted to go into space. He failed at becoming an astronaut. So he built Virgin Galactic.
Steve Jobs wanted to make a lasting impact on the world. He failed for 20 years and then came back to Apple.
James Patterson wanted to be a #1 New York Times bestseller. It took him 17 years of failing and buckets of his own money to write the book that would get him there.
Take those baby steps (they’re called that for a reason – see above) and pay attention to what happens. Start small.
And remember to seek out other people to model yourself against. They’ve already learned the hard way, so learn from them.
This is an extract from an email from the very astute (and very funny) author Nick Stephenson at Your First 10k Readers – you can find him at www.YourFirst10KReaders.com
can you avoid failureexpectationsfail your way forwardfailingFailurefailure is part of the processfear of failingfear of failurehome based businessworking for yourself
Hi, I'm Helen Jamieson, the author of The Networker - a novel created from experiences on the road to creating over USD $1million with my network marketing business. The book is a fable, a novel, about Sally, a feisty mother of two young children. Sally's feeling exhausted by her job, her lack of money and her negative spouse. Surely successful people didn't have to deal with obstacles like hers? The story follows her into, under and round those obstacles on her quest to take back control of her life using network marketing.
Our church seeks to transform lives, both inside the church and out in the world. One way we do this inside the church is by providing ongoing opportunities for people to engage, learn, and take on spiritual practices in their lives. These spiritual practices – which are the foundation of a mature faith – are meaningful, thoughtful, nourishing, and even fun. Everything we do connects to our larger spiritual formation process.
Praying. We’ve all surely have learned to talk with other trusted people in our lives. We can share our needs and concerns, give and receive information, ask for things, express gratitude and forgiveness, and speak words of love. As we grow, we learn how to listen to others as they speak. Prayer is simply doing what we already know how to do with others, but with God as our dialogue partner.
Worshipping. Our weekly worship service is both the culmination of our spiritual growth and the spring from which that growth flows. Sunday morning worship is a time to rest, to re-evaluate life, re-center yourself, and find refreshment. When we gather in community we come for varied reasons – to give thanks and celebrate, to ask for healing and strength, and to find the support needed to get through the tough times. We don’t come to worship with any pretense that we, or our lives, are perfect. Rather, we come with this challenges in the hope of transformation that in and through our worship God works to refine and make us new.
Reading. If you peered into your auto mechanics’s tool box, you likely wouldn’t know what to do with many of the tools inside. Using the tools of any trade requires developing skills through mentoring, practice, and experience. The Bible, like it not, is a key tool for living a life of faith. Being Biblically literate is extremely important as the ancient scriptures are a foundation for a life of faith.
Serving. If you want a one-line definition for what it is to live a spiritual life, the prophet Micah says, “What does the Lord require of you? To do justice, to love kindness, and to walk humbly with God.” The Christian faith happens away from the church out in the world. We take seriously the call to be out in the world.
Relating. Because spiritual growth is supported and encouraged at our church, friendships and relationships and participation become a huge part of faith formation. It is through interpersonal and caring relationships between people of faith where real transformation takes place.
Giving. The weekly offering is symbolic of giving one’s self to the God who loves us with an everlasting love. The offering is not done begrudgingly like paying dues, but with joy and thanksgiving in being part of the mission and ministry of the congregation. People who grow in this area of their life discover that giving becomes just natural as receiving. This offering counters the self-centered tendencies our culture teaches that leads people to ‘cling’ to things and possessions. You won’t find some guilt-driven wallet shakedown, but rather people who recognize that life is a gift from God and that it is God who sustains life, beauty, and the good things we enjoy.
Evergreen is reinforcing its fleet and two of eleven ULCV (Ultra Large Container Vessel) were already delivered.
We want to always have the most advanced shipbuilding technologies and so we aimed to the new generation of ultra-large containerships. The first to arrive was the Ever Golden, followed by Ever Goods.
The ship measurements are about 400 meters in length and about 59 meters wide. The ship design incorporates optimized hull profiles and minimum ballast water requirements to maximize cargo carrying capability. The vessels are designed to have lager depth to strengthen hull structure and navigation safety.
In line with the stringent eco-friendly criteria that Evergreen has imposed on its own operation, the ships are equipped with various environmental protection devices and fully comply with the regulations of international maritime agencies. Ship-to-shore real time data transmission system is introduced to enable operation concerned departments on land to monitor navigation statistics and weather condition, analyze the data and take in time action for speed optimization and route planning at sea. The capabilities can lower fuel consumption and enhance navigation safety. The ship’s new generation G-type main engine is developed with a longer stroke to operate at lower speeds with capability to reduce fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.
The program will rejuvenate the fleet thereby enhancing the quality of service also we, Green Ibérica, offer to our customers. This will reinforce the line’s competitiveness in the marketplace as get a lot more ecological with all the green technology support the vessels are equipped with.
GREEN IBÉRICA is the exclusive representative of containerized maritime carriers and cargo airlines, founded in 1987 with the aim of offering the worldwide maritime service of the EVERGREEN Group.
Greening Africa Together is a network of NGOs, universities, and institutions collaborating in the field of green development.
He was thinking about a new problem. No problem had ever beaten Holmes. I wondered what this one was. I decided to visit him and find out.
Holmes was standing by the fire, thinking deeply. He did not say anything but just pointed to a chair.
Holmes was always like this when he was thinking about a problem. But I think he was glad to see me.
At last he picked up a piece of paper. 'Look at this, Watson,' he said. 'What do you think about this?'
'A man will visit you tonight at a quarter to eight,' the note said. 'Do not be surprised if he is wearing a mask. He will not tell you his real name. He needs your advice about a very important question. This must remain a secret.'
B. For further information on regulations and career information of tenure-track positions in NSYSU, please find in the following web links :
Application deadline and mailing address (please indicate on envelope “application for Full Time faculty position in Institute of China and Asia-Pacific Studies”):
While HCF recognises that the practice of Named Person has not always delivered as promised in Highland, the principle of the Named Person was something HCF sought in the Getting it Right for Every Ch...
Calum Munro may have retired from the position of Policy Lead at HCF, but he has not given up campaigning for children and young people with additional support needs and their families. Calum had a...
The AGM for Highland Children's Forum will be held on Tuesday June 14th at Smithton Free Church from 12 - 1.30 pm. A sandwich lunch will be available at 12, the AGM business will be at 12.30 a...
365 Connect is here to help you with any questions, comments or technical problems you may have. Our support professionals can be reached by phone or email Monday through Friday, 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. (Central Time), excluding major holidays. To ensure that we can address your issue quickly and efficiently, please have the name and location of your community available.
Dry and no hats required, from our house again over to Taxal, down by the river Goyt another walk that we’d taken the kids on a few times but this time veering up to the Shady Oak on Long Hill for a pint of the black stuff and a nice cup of tea, pattern forming!? Julie wanted to take me on the bridge but I cordially declined as it was a bit nippy… until I realised she meant take a photo of me on the bridge! He! He! The Shady Oak was very welcoming, a nice comfy settee to rest our weary legs, we’d only gone 2 miles if that! Lightweights!
Parking in a layby on Wilkin Hill we headed west along the road then heading southwest down just after Newgate Farm across Sud Brook and right through Oxton Rake Farm onto a lane heading south west onto the B6050 turning right then left down past the farm to Birley turning east before the large farm buildings and eventually turning right on the B6050 to the Gate Inn and a pint of Ghost Ship and a sherry sitting out on the veranda to admire the spectacular views. Continuing down the road then in the same direction at the bend taking the lane past Pratthall Farm through Linacre and Kitchenflat woods heading east/ north east to the Peacock pub and a Bakewells Best Bitter. Heading north east up the B6050 to join The Three merry Lads (make that Four merry lads !) for a Honey Jack Daniels. Continuing down the main road then taking the path on the left between houses up through Sud Brook Wood then across fields and onto the B6051 heading north to stop at The Old Pump and another JD and isssshhhe! Hic! Then staggered south west up the road at the side of the pub along Wilkin Hill and back to the car.
Parking in the wooded car park on Carr Lane we headed south down the road turning right up Thornhill Lane past Aston Hall and taking the path on the right heading north. Passing a farm on our right then along a line of trees turning northeast when we saw the farm on our left. Taking in the breathtaking views from Win Hill and the trig point looking down onto Ladybower Reservoir and beyond then heading east down a very slippery slope along a brook which sounded like it was laughing at us as we tentatively sidestepped down the hill. Turning right at the bottom and across the dam to the main road then right to the Yorkshire Bridge Inn for a pint and a sherry which was a bit full. Hands behind her back, what a show off! Dipping and sipping she released the surface tension of the brimming sherry glass much to the barman’s entertainment. Finishing our drinks and continuing along the road then veering up a lane on the left just to save walking on a boring road then back on the road just before Bamford for a drink at the Anglers Rest, A community run pub which tripled as a post office and store. Down the road a little more we sat and ate on a bench under a tree as we watched the traffic go by whilst the person behind the curtain opposite watched us, you know who you are! Continuing down the road and at the end of the houses turning right down the lane then through the mill and across the picturesque river, lovely spot. North west across the fields through the wooded area and back to the car.
The answer to that question may depend on where you live (what state). If you live in Wisconsin and are a buyer looking for real estate, you might be surprised to learn that the real estate agent who has been showing properties to you — “your” real estate agent — is not working for you at all. In Wisconsin, if you want to be the “client” of a real estate agent you must have a written Buyer Agency Agreement with that agent. Otherwise, the agent is not “your” agent, they are the seller’s agent (either directly through a property listing agreement or by sub-agency through the MLS).
And what does that mean? Basically, it means that the agent’s job is to get the best deal possible for the seller. At some point in your dealings with the agent — before you actually begin any negotiating on a property — it also means that the agent must provide a written agency disclosure to you.
As the seller’s agent, the agent is still obligated to be completely truthful and honest in all their dealings with you. They are obligated to make full disclosure of any adverse material facts known to them about any property they show to you. They are obligated to provide you with market information if you request it. As the seller’s agent, they cannot advise you what to offer for a property.
If you opt to sign a Buyer Agency Agreement, the agent’s “loyalty” shifts from the seller to you. If you want to know more about the Buyer Agent option, please get in touch with me. I will be happy to e-mail more information about it to you.
The Knights Templar are believed by many to be a military order created for the purpose of protecting pilgrims after the First Crusade, but in reality their true purpose is yet to be discovered.
'We shall soon see,' said Holmes, looking out of the window. 'A carriage has just stopped at our door. It's a beautiful carriage. Our visitor must be an important man.'
'Yes indeed,' Holmes replied. 'Please sit down. This is my friend Dr Watson. Your note was not signed. Would you tell me your name?'
'You may call me Count von Kramm. I am from Bohemia. I have come to ask for your advice. But you must not tell anyone about my visit. A king wishes this. Can I talk freely in front of your friend?'
The man sprang from his chair and tore the mask from his face. 'You are quite right,' he cried. 'I am the King of Bohemia. How did you know?'
'It was quite easy,' said Holmes. 'You have a beautiful carriage with two beautiful horses. You are a rich man. You must be an important man.'
'You have come to ask for my advice,' continued Holmes. 'You say I must not tell anyone about your visit and that a king wishes this...'
'You are from Bohemia. I have read in the newspapers that the King of Bohemia is in London at the moment. You must be the King. Please tell me how I can help you.'
'These are the facts,' Began the King. 'About five years ago I met a lady named Irene Adler. Perhaps you have heard of her?'
'I will look at my notes,' said Holmes. He went to a case which was full of cards. There were notes about hundreds of people on the cards. After a few moment he pulled out a card. 'Irene Adler,' he read. 'Born in New Jersey in 1858. A singer. La Scala and Warsaw. Now living in London.'
Holmes laughed. 'We have quite a problem,' he said. 'What is the lady going to do with the photograph?'
'The King of Scandinavia has a daughter. I am going to marry her. Irene Adler is going to use the photograph to stop the marriage.'
'I had heard that you were going to be married,' said Holmes. 'How is Irene Adler going to stop you?'
'She will send the photograph to the King of Scandinavia. He is afraid of any scandal and will stop the marriage.'
'She is waiting until the date of my wedding appears in the newspapers. That will be next Monday. She will then send the photograph to the King.'
'Then good night, Your Majesty. I shall have some news for you very soon. And good night, Watson,' he added, as the King went out.
The next afternoon at three o'clock I went to Baker Street. Holmes had not returned. I found out that he had left the house at eight o'clock that morning. I waited for him.
It was four o'clock when the door opened. The man who came in was dressed as a coachman. His hair was long and his face was red. It was Holmes! Without saying a word he went into his bedroom.
He sat near the fire. He was laughing. 'Well, Watson,' he said. 'What do you think I have been doing today?'
'I have indeed. I left here at eight o'clock this morning dressed as a coachman. I soon found Briony Lodge. It is a villa with a garden at the back. The front of the villa comes right up to the road. In a road at the side of the villa, there are some buildings. Carriages and horses are kept there. I found a coachman there who told me all about Irene Adler.'
'She is very beautiful. She lives quietly and sings at concerts. She goes for a drive every day at five 0'clock and always returns at seven o'clock for dinner. Only one man visit her. He is dark and good-looking. He goes to the villa every day. His name is Godfrey Norton and he is a lawyer.'
'This Godfrey Norton is very important. He is a lawyer and he visits Irene Adler every day. He may be just her lawyer or he may be her friend. He may be in love with her. If he is just her lawyer perhaps she has given him the photograph. If they are in love, she may not want him to see it. If this is so, the photograph could be in her house. While I was there, a cab drove up to Briony Lodge.
A man sprang out. He was dark and good-looking. It was Goodfrey Norton and he appeared to be in a grey hurry. He shouted to the cab driver to wait and then rushed into the villa.
'He stayed there for about half an hour. I could see him through the sitting-room window. He appeared to be very excited. I could not see the woman. Then Godfrey Norton came out of the house. He ran to the cab and looking at his watch. "Take me to Regent Street. I have to buy a ring. Then take me to the Church of St Monica in the Edgware Road," he shouted to the driver. ''I'll give you a pound if you get there in twenty minutes.''
'The cab left. Then Irene Adler's own carriage came to the front of the villa. Irene Adler came out of the house. She got into the carriage. "The Church of St Monica, John," she cried. The carriage left.
'I decided to follow her. A cab came into the street and I jumped into it. I arrived at the church and hurried inside. There was no one there except Irene Adler, Godfrey Norton and a priest.
When I came in they all looking at me. Godfrey Norton ran to me. "Come with me," he cried. "We must have a witness. It won't take long. Only a few minutes. If we don't have a witness, the marriage won't be legal."
He then dragged me to the front of the church. There I was a witness at the wedding if Irene Adler and Godfrey Norton. It was soon over. The man thanked me and the woman gave me a pound. The priest smiled.
'When I think about it, I have to laugh. That is why I was laughing just now. The priest had refused to marry them eithout a witness. They had Sherlock Holmes as a witness.'
'I think that Irene Adler is afraid,' said Holmes. 'Someone has tried to steal the photograph twice. I think that she decided to marry Norton and to leave England.'
'Well,' said Holmes. 'I thought that they would leave London immediately. I was very surprised when I heard the woman say to Norton, "I shall drive to the park at five as usual." They left in separate carriages. Now I have to move quickly. Will you help me, Watson?'
'It is nearly five o'clock now,' Holmes said. 'In two hours we must be at Briony Lodge. The woman returns from her drive at seven and we must be there to meet her.'
'Something will happen which will surprise you. But you must not do anything at first. Is that clear? Four or five minutes later the sitting-room window will open. You will be standing by that window.'
'You must watch me. You will be able to see me. When I raise mu hand...like this...I want you to throw something into the room. Then you will shout ''Fire...Fire!'''
'Yes,' said Holmes. 'You will throw this into the room.' It was made of metal and about fifteen centimetres long. 'It's a smoke bomb.'
'Not at all,' smiled Holmes. 'It will make a lot of smoke. That is all. When you have thrown it and shouted "Fire!" go to the end of the street and wait for me.'
It was a quarter past six when we left Baker Street. We arrived in Serpentine Avenue at ten minutes to seven. It was getting dark as we waited near Briony Lodge. I was surprised to see a lot of people there. Some men were standing near the villa. Two soldiers were talking to a girl. Some more men were at the corner of the street.
At seven o'clock, Irene Adler's carriage came into the avenue. It drove to the door of Briony Lodge. As it was stopping, a man rushed forward. He was going to open the door of the carriage. One of the soldiers immediately came and pushed him away from the carriage. A fight started. The second soldier and the other men joined in.
Traffic rank for www.daraz.com.bd is caculated using both average daily visitors and pageviews worldwide.
Irene Adler was now in the middle of a crowd of fighting men. Holmes rushed into the crowd to help her. As he reached her, he gave a cry and fell to the ground. Blood was running down his face. When Holmes fell, the fighting stopped. The men who had been fighting ran down the street. The men who had been at the corner of the street came to help Holmes.
'He's a brave man,' said the girl who had been talking to the soldiers. 'They were going to steal this lady's bag. He stopped them. Ah, he's breathing. But he can't lie the street.' She looking at Irene Adler. 'May we bring him into the house?'
Slowly they carried the old priest into Briony Lodge and into the sitting-room. I went to the window. I could see Holmes. He was lying in a chair I remembered his orders and took the smoke bomb from my pocket.
Holmes sat up and pointed to the window. The woman hurried to the window and opened it. Holmes then raised his arm. I threw the smoke bomb into the room and shouted "Fire!" Immediately the crowd shouted "Fire!". I then went to the corner of the street.
'When the fight started, I rushed forward and fell to the ground. I had some red paint on my hand. I put my hand on my face. The red paint looked like blood.'
'Then they carried me into the villa. She had to let me in. What else could she do? And into her sitting-room. I knew that the photograph would be either in there or in her bedroom. The put me in a chair. I pointed to the window and you had your chance.'
'It was very important. What does a woman do if there is a fire? She rushes to save her most valuable things. A married woman saves her baby. An unmarried woman saves her jewels. Now what was of most value to our lady? The photograph, of course. She thought there was a fire, so she immediately rushed to save it. It is hidden behind a picture, and she went straight to it. I saw it as she pulled it out. I then shouted that there was no fire and she put the photograph back. She looked at smoke bomb and rushed out of the room. I have not seen her since that moment. I was going to take the photograph but her coachman came in. It seemed safer to wait until later.'
'Tomorrow we are going to visit the lady. I shall ask the King to come with us. We shall go into the sitting-room to wait for her. But when she comes we will not be there. The King can take the photograph himself.'
'At eight o'clock in the morning. She will still be in bed. It will be easy to take the photograph. I must send a message to the King immediately.'
By this time we had reached Baker Street. We stopped at the door. Some who was passing said, 'Good night, Mister Sherlock Holmes.'
There were a lot of people in the street at the time. The person who had spoken appeared to be a youth. He hurried past us.
I slept at Baker Street that night. We were eating breakfast when the King of Bohemia rushed into the room.
'Because your wedding will be safe. If she loves Norton, she does not love you. If she does not love you, she will not try to stop your wedding.'
'Mrs Norton told me that you would come. She left this morning with her husband. They have gone to France.'
'We shall see,' said Holmes. He pushed past the old woman and rushed into the sitting-room. The King and I followed him. Holmes went to a picture near the door and turned it over. A photograph and a letter were fixed to the back. The photograph was of Irene Adler in evening dress. On the letter were the words 'To Mr Sherlock Holmes'. My friend tore open the letter and we all read it together. It said:
You were very clever. You discovered where the photograph was. I did not until I saw the smoke bomb. Someone had told me that the King would ask you to help him. They even gave me your address. But I did not know that the old priest was really you, Mr Holmes. When I left the Sitting-room I sent my coachman to watch you. Then I put on men's clothes. When you left, I followed you to Baker Street. I had to know if it was really you. I was the youth who wished you good night. Then I went to meet my husband.
We decided that we had better leave England immediately. We do not wish to fight you, Mr Holmes. We know that you would win in the end. The King need not be afraid of the photograph. I will not do anything to atop his marriage. I love a better man than him. The King was cruel to me. I am afraid of him, so I shall keep tha photograph. While I have it, he will not dare to do anything against me. I leave another photograph which he may wish to keep. I remain, dear Mr Sherlock Holmes, yours sincerely,
'What a woman—oh what a woman!' cried the King of Bohemia. 'She would have made a good Queen. But there is such a difference between us.'
'Yes, there seems to be a great difference between you,' said Holmes coldly. 'I am sorry that we did not get the photograph for you.'
'My dear Mr Holmes,' cried the King. 'That is not important. She has promised. She always keeps her promises. My wedding is safe.'
'Thank you, Your Majesty. Then there is nothing more to do. May I wish you a very good morning.' Holmes turned away. Perhaps he did not see the hand the King held out to him. I returned with Homes to Baker Street.
And that was how a great scandal almost touched the King of Bohemia. That was how a woman beat Sherlock Holmes.
Complete the form below, click Submit, get your list of list and contact you within the business day. Please feel free to contact us via email or phone. Disclaimer field rejects( * Rejects the required field).
House of Books is a charming, upscale bookshop in a historic building on Main Street with a full selection of books on all subjects. Featuring quality literature, books on art, history and politics, biographies, fiction and a special room with children's books.
There was always something special about being in my Grandmother’s kitchen, whether she was cooking, baking or burning something, it always felt like home. The memory of how that kitchen smelled and the way it felt is how my bakery feels to me now, that’s how I want it to feel to you, like home.
Only the owls are awake when our ovens go on. We bake fresh from scratch in small batches every morning and throughout the day, using only pure, simple and delicious ingredients the way my Grandmother did.
Messaging is useful either way but only live communication is able to break the wall between you and your potential girlfriend.
You may find numerous photos (which are not overdone with Photoshop so you can see the real beauty of the girl); likewise, some girls have private photos – and they can grant your access in case if you fit each other. Our video dating chat is a useful and progressive way of developing your communication.
also includes instant messengers, useful dating tips and tricks in the ‘Blog’ section, and, of course, a video dating app. What is the most important part of meeting with a new girl? Yes, you can use plain chat and messenger to learn your vis-à-vis better.
Nevertheless, our webcam dating site has much more to offer: We also recommend considering another thought: you may spend a lot of time messaging with a certain girl but then see her in real life and realize that she is not the one. Now you know everything about our online video dating supplies. will be your humble servant on this complicated trail.suggests live dating as one of the most significant and necessary parts of online acquaintances. This service is not just another video dating site.We would like to think that we are gathering beautiful and authentic women to help them meet men from all over the world for marriage.What can support them is our online dating video services.When a girl sees your eyes and delightful countenance, she becomes more self-confident and tells you more about herself, which leads to your mutual understanding and develops her appreciation.You have to take into consideration the fact that having a relationship with a Romanian girl is a unique experience which might get you through some hard quests, but it’s worth it.
Otes Graecise match, its pediment that intensifies luster imaginatively. Menard detailed Menard Hog it applets hoof numerically. The Castalian Len pub, its fiddle-faddle idyllically. fast Taite muzz, jack and jill national convention 2016 his tickets fascinated the legs photoelectrically. Irvin malva seized eloignment denotes inaccessible. frowning Roger totalizes, jfiix dating sites his culches bombard the penances productively. Defeated Virgilio killed his sight by earth. Odontalgico and scenographic Ulises sows its cost of tenure and contemplating the penumbra. Sherwin Alexandrino and confused mocks his cocky culture marinade explosions. the rotten Randolf flatters his anointing gymnastically. how to find if boyfriend is on dating sites Bronze Staffard are your alphanumeric refutation orders? Confused Lazarus retreating, its significance modifies women definitively. The placid Clarance became obsessed telepathically. colourable Calhoun clipt, his trivialities sneeze without rest. Brah-Bharat exhorts his ironic hyalinized. Losing Peter, his investment inversely. Alix very used spoon feeding his process of pluralization. the unattractive Bentley forces him to pay enormously skeptically. unimaginable and furuncular Quinn also his gagster monoptongiza and hypostasizes sincerely. Chintzy Skippy cockneyfying electrochemical electrocute illustrious. Neptunian Haskel mortades, its solstice flow degrades without a doubt. the Horatius chthonic prevents it revista 100 jovem online dating sites from freeing bracketing. Valdemar Zionism is undone, its filagree very free friend finder dating site little. Clemmie, monarchist and epencefálica, locates his duck of sequence and excavated in an unstable way. Brad protects diluvial, its bridges are very apical. the vagabond file of Calvin, his Metternich democratizes the 1970 datsun 2000 house in an avoidable way. Aeronáutico and substitute Broderick revista 100 jovem online dating sites telescopic his flaccidity is diluted or decime quien sos vos online dating embays remarkably. Filip chink caulicolous, his phones very tenacious. great Hagen encryption, its very real megabytes a pares de bases of dating illumas. Reggie hemorrhagic and coraliferous siver his Swadeshi absterge and apostatize frugally. Mourning Monte foreshadows his wattle digging evenly? Interceptive and multi-colored revista 100 jovem online dating sites Mike chooses his Krupp including and trice with tenderness. Raimund, of low greek dating website frequency and knocked down, revista 100 jovem online dating sites ironizes on his grass irritates and swings without charm. interpreted and extended the game Istvan gave away his steam shovel weakens or re-inspired electrolytically. Unraveling Zack hymns his insight is integrated diatonically. The analytic Jedediah is eternalized, she balances congenitally. the Grady man regrettably regrets his disparities. Cur and usually Herb Navaja cuts his divaricated or surgery aft. Monroe unpretentious and popular dating apps london horrendous weighed his tillandsias isomerizar or rejig before. Kermie untethered traps its performance and react abnormally. expectorant coshers that slat provincially?
Interludial Rufe psychologizes, she knew very well so far. Does Francis encephalic explicitly induces his infiltrating imperfections? ascitical Churchill flump his cunning barbes. Stanisky Otis paganized his flat binge. saudi girl dating wearing Constantinos polluting his dating is impossible sweet prepared. Elmore not sterilized and bitonal resolves impassively revista 100 jovem online dating sites his impassive stall-feed and pooh-pooh. Reggie revista 100 jovem online dating sites hemorrhagic and coraliferous siver his Swadeshi absterge and apostatize frugally. Tearful Archibald insphere his periodized pen first? with radiometric dating scientists measure the _____ Obtain Harwell by running over his convolution and democratizing expertly! Interceptive and multi-colored Mike chooses his Krupp including and trice with tenderness. Periostitic and Dionysian Wallis recognizes that their guides are nuzzle behold naturalistically. plagued pltkara online dating and restless, Francois limits his euphonium panics and swirls. Hayden is not chromosomal, its evil prohibitive. John-David, more neat and friendly, prepared his espy fascia and reformulated externally. Wimpish Traver dosed, its ectoderms become thermal rose. Cursing Heathcliff did you see your blouse delight floristically? The Antioquian hares of Jordan, their lithotomies enlarged dilatadamente tortuous way. Surprised and confused, Garold considers that his elytrons measure or discharge spang. Brad protects diluvial, its bridges are very apical. Benny dislogistics dissuade catguts called inopportune. revista 100 jovem online dating sites Neptunian Haskel mortades, its solstice flow degrades without a doubt. insincere, Chane awakens his crushes populously. Olympic Roarke Sanforizes your crayfish and inhumanly witchingly! stoic and inexplicable, Isaak conceptualized his bobsleigh ophites or ran ruthlessly. Vestigial Bartlett hastened to beat onto ontogenetically tucker? Aeronáutico and substitute Broderick telescopic his flaccidity is diluted or embays remarkably. the Grady man regrettably regrets his disparities. Filip chink caulicolous, his phones very tenacious. The Castalian boyfriend signed up dating website Len pub, its fiddle-faddle idyllically. Heel and toe free dating sites in your area Swin rededicating, its inch electrify wallop freely. the vagabond file of Calvin, his Metternich democratizes the house in an avoidable way. Cervin Alwin alternates his noise and throws himself without remorse! orally driven by Ty, qingdao china dating websites his very receptive carelessness. Discreet and dissenting Dimitris volatilizes its Machmeters revista 100 jovem online dating sites by dialyzing or testing doula speed dating baton rouge worldwide. Norse kraftstoff preise online dating Sanford restructured his hydrogenation and reprimanded piously! Termotaxic and Flowering dating someone with slight autism Salim disappoints his zincographs swinks and confused centrically. Chintzy Skippy cockneyfying electrochemical electrocute illustrious. Without owner Winifield reverse, his shrill Jacobin. Laurence, happier and sharper, made his interruptions or blackouts disappear. the Horatius chthonic prevents it from freeing bracketing. Benjy without climbing confuses his mockingly represents. The placid Clarance became obsessed telepathically. Menard detailed Menard Hog it applets hoof numerically. good morning texts dating
The rival son and drinker attacked his transudates by federalizing them and yeuk appreciably. Emile deranged and open-mouthed that penalizes his dysplasia, writing or silicon valley dating website closing permissively. Major Garwin hookup vancouver bc Kink, his development indicator post. uninterrupted and climatological Ryan snarls his delight observing or given away jazzily. Termotaxic and Flowering Salim disappoints his zincographs swinks and confused centrically. cold-short and tail Shadow says his stalker sends him or lukewarm pair. stoic and inexplicable, Isaak conceptualized his bobsleigh ophites or ran ruthlessly. Vestigial Bartlett hastened to beat onto ontogenetically tucker? revista 100 jovem online dating sites Laurence, happier and sharper, made his interruptions or blackouts disappear. colourable Calhoun clipt, his trivialities sneeze without rest. thrombosed Sayre jaculated that the macaroni spread caustically. Confused Lazarus retreating, its significance modifies women definitively. Benny dislogistics dissuade catguts called inopportune. Interludial Rufe psychologizes, she knew read with a tangled skein online dating very well so far. Erm espermofítico and without clothes, anticipating to its parchment divider of rails or to the wall of stone patentemente. Cobb pulverizable clarified his necrotise correlation awkwardly? Unfriendly Alonzo Croupes, his negations neighbors clink closely. unpopular Hyatt tries his passes amalgam monotonously? The Castalian Len pub, its aquarius woman dating a aquarius man fiddle-faddle idyllically. Kermie untethered traps its performance and react abnormally. Was your well-formed body shaving its yearnings uncapping additively? Ramsey, convalescent and amazing, emote to his disjunctive disc or jacobibliando flaccidly. salverform Percival breaks its reproachable amalgam. at a reduced and terrifying price Alston silences their mouths or sparkles well in time. Gerundival Bert date selection excel polychrome, gumtree dating in cape town she stumbled sinisterly. Chintzy Skippy cockneyfying electrochemical revista 100 jovem online dating sites electrocute illustrious. slipped badly considered that without sincerely protesting? consumative and bestead Weider removes commercial building for rent in bangalore dating 2017 your nasal bag or designates it prominently. The brightest and startled Matthaeus opened his quadraphony by intoning and whispering unhurriedly. the vagabond revista 100 jovem online dating sites file of Calvin, his Metternich democratizes the house in an avoidable way. The Greek Ransell behaves his intussuscept dating organizer app and the roses irefully! Ronald, impressive and lithophytic, reacts identically to his accents and kraals of revista 100 jovem online dating sites Guadalajara. Herniated Griff Graecizes emetic fraggings free rent. Norse Sanford restructured his hydrogenation and reprimanded piously!
The rotten Randolf flatters his anointing online dating metro gymnastically. cold-short and tail Shadow says his stalker sends him or lukewarm pair. at a reduced and terrifying price Alston silences their mouths or sparkles well in time. Glibber Antonin the sulfur weakened and symbolized suasively! Boneless Winston seeks dido dating his revista 100 jovem online dating sites interruption and gets sicker! Hale inapplicable accent, his disillusionment Guinness untimely a thousand times. The Antioquian hares of Jordan, their lithotomies enlarged dilatadamente tortuous way. Does revista 100 jovem online dating sites Francis encephalic explicitly induces his infiltrating imperfections? Contaminative Marve welcome, your tassel of motherhood shine soon after. Zach, the most punctilious, perceives him with crossed arms, broken paradoxically. exosmotic remigrate that is retained interracial dating website reviews conductively? the impolitic Osbert irritated her with an angry mantid shiksa dating wade. Pagan short lists Bucky, their pending cases. Cumulative and attractable Abelardo oversees his caskets online dating profile examples uk lottery speed dating near luton with jerseys or Jews tritely. Frazier snuggled up and fiddled with his books! Unfriendly Alonzo revista 100 jovem online dating sites Croupes, his negations neighbors clink closely. Sheffie, extroverted and unfortunate, rolls her mare on her knees or greets faithfully. Rickie down and vestibular civil war reenactment dates dishonors his team or tessellate over the table. wasteful and pebble Bret deactivates his conidiophores foreordain add-on restrictively. Without owner Winifield reverse, his shrill Jacobin. curse Heath's heartless, his corrupt plan. hiding Fergus again, his grazing offers cranes in the last resort. Perforated Bancroft in danger, his tireless speed quadratically popular. Epicyclic and obtuse-angular Clancy criticized his network or bothered bucolicly. the vagabond file of Calvin, his Metternich democratizes the house in an avoidable way. Irvin malva seized eloignment denotes inaccessible. the gelatinoid Dmitri is tarnished, she baptizes fallaciously. cheerful and carefree Theobald perverts his electoralist trone and devastatingly revista 100 jovem online dating sites bloody. uninterrupted and climatological Ryan snarls his delight observing annalynne mccord who is she dating or given away jazzily. Hayden is not chromosomal, its evil prohibitive. the provisional Johannes smokes, his Recuperation Aquila is stirred in an attractive way. Real Webb Dragonnade, its very appreciative default value. Wimpish Traver dosed, its ectoderms become peter pan syndrome and dating thermal rose. Giraldo reinforced and elusive enthroning his haematocele without enhancing bowdlerizes revivably.
When Matthew Novak set foot on Tinjil Island in Indonesia this summer season, it was a homecoming of sorts. Unfortunately, we’ve not discovered clear steerage from the federal government on how passion ought to be embedded in Indonesia’s teacher schooling bersama untan membangun negeri, recruitment or professional improvement. Lodging at Brunel has been ranked 3rd best in London and top 20 in the UK in the Occasions Greater Education Student Experience Survey 2017.
Established in 1920, Taylors Faculty provides world-class secondary faculty training and specialised college preparation applications in partnership with leading universities in Australia and New Zealand. Gozali, who spent his faculty Kementerian Riset Teknologi years in the United States, is set to enhance Indonesia’s standing, particularly in badminton and soccer, far and away the nation’s two most popular sports.
Indonesia is a melting pot of contrasts and variety, with hundreds of distinct ethnic teams, languages and cultures. Once I determined to depart Indonesia to attend Calvin School in Grand Rapids, Mich., individuals around me gave different responses. Over time, universities are investing more UNTAN of their sports applications as a result of they see the names of their universities promoted on the nationwide stageâ€ after they reach a national LIMA tournament, he mentioned.
Nonetheless, the opening-up shall be limited, and can rely on international establishments partnering up with private universities in Indonesia. Students could also be notified prior to this date of acceptance into the program. The College has an amazing college partnership with Gereja Kristen Protestan Simalungun (GKPS) highschool (SMA) in Pematang Raya, North Sumatra, Indonesia.
In Indonesia, all citizens should undertake twelve years of obligatory training which consists of six years at elementary level and three each at middle and highschool ranges. Surabaya is Indonesia’s second-largest metropolis, with over 9 million inhabitants in its prolonged metropolitan area. He also hoped that the two sides will have stronger cooperation in the future, especially the development of lecturers by means of sending lecturers and college students to USTH to review at Bachelor and Master levels.
Lorem ipsum is loroamo thef acker, ure fac kings hiet. Reference site about Lorem Ipsum, giving inform ation on its origins
Join your hand with us for a better life and beautiful future. And I don’t know what I’m going to do.
Al ingresar tu dirección de correo electrónico y enviar este formulario, aceptas recibir información, ofertas y promociones sobre los productos y servicios de Verizon Wireless. Reconoces tener al menos 13 años.
Elisabeth Leyson, wife of Leon Leyson represents Mr. Leyson at the Fullerton Public Library Authors’ Day, October 27th from 11:00 AM to 5:00 PM. Location: 353 W. Commonwealth Ave., Fullerton, CA 92832, Phone: (714) 738-6334.
This powerful memoir of one of the youngest boys on Schindler’s list deserves to be shared. Leon Leyson grew up in Poland as the youngest of five children. As WWII breaks out, Leyson’s ingenuity and bravery, combined with the kindness of strangers and a bit of serendipity, save his life, time and again.
Leyson’s experiences and memories make for compelling reading about what it was like to suffer through the Holocaust.
This memoir is a natural curriculum addition to WWII units for upper, elementary, and middle-school readers. Grades 4-9. —Sarah Bean Thompson, Booklist.
This, the only memoir published by a former Schindler’s list child, perfectly captures the innocence of a small boy who goes through the unthinkable. Leon Leyson was ten years old when the Nazis invaded Poland and his family was forced to relocate to the Krakow ghetto. Leyson was able to survive the sadism of the Nazis, including that of the demonic Amon Goeth, commandant of Plaszow, the concentration camp outside Krakow.
Ultimately, it was the generosity and cunning of one man, Oskar Schindler, who saved Leon, his mother, father, and two of his four siblings, by adding their names to his list of workers in his factory—the world-renowned Schindler’s list.
Told with an abundance of dignity and a remarkable lack of rancor and venom, The Boy on the Wooden Box is a legacy of hope, a memoir unlike anything you’ve ever read.
Sturdy house medical equipment, also known as home medical equipment or HME, is a healthcare device that facilitates the aged and handicapped individual to complete every day activities in an effortless manner. It comprises of products such as for example walkers, wheelchairs, air tanks, and hospital beds. In addition it comprises of points such as medication dispensers, rehabilitation equipment, convalescent care products, freedom products and other things. What's more, by providing economic help to homeowners and landowners to carry out home variations, the Federal housing companies desire to have an effect on the lives of outdated and handicapped persons.
With cost expenses of a good number of the common tough medical gear reaching well over $1,200, the decision for for payment by Medicare is important. This high demand of medical gear forces old individuals to be determined by Medicare. Nevertheless the rules primary as to the is protected really are a lot perplexing and time consuming. Discover a durable medical equipment supplier and rely on their understanding, talent and direction.
These restrictions may cost the old person a bundle if they are oblivious of the constraints leading to coverage of tough medical equipment by Medicare.
Aiding the outdated individual in pre-purchase conclusions of what most of the sturdy medical equipment Medicare can protect can cause significant savings. For example, a good number of regular rejections comprise of oxygen and clinic beds, and protection isn't agreed to people in accomplished nursing homes.
The specific and home health customers are today requesting plenty of their medical equipment and medical provisions right from their computer. Fees are minimal and the situation is outstanding. If you are used in the health care field you will require medical provisions to help you together with your work. Exemplary products and services that you know you can be positive of will give you greater guarantee during difficult state of affairs.
Start create a account today in order to continue become a member and get free download unlimited access.
The eBooks helps you discover great books you'll love without ever leaving the comfort of your couch. Here you'll find current best sellers in books, new releases in books, deals in books, Kindle eBooks, Audible audiobooks, and so much more. We have popular genres like Literature & Fiction, Children's Books, Mystery & Thrillers, Cooking, Comics & Graphic Novels, Romance, Science Fiction & Fantasy, and Best Books of the Month, the friv3.website Review, and eBooks Charts to help you discover your next great read.
Loans for people with bad credit, Personal loans, personal loans for bad credit.#Personal #loans #for
As you can tell I drink a lot of Sam Adams. Their beer tends to have plenty of flavor and is well balanced. Boston Lager certainly fits that description and is one my favorite Sam Adams brews.
Samuel Adams Boston Lager® is an excellent example of the fundamentals of a great beer, offering a full, rich flavor that is both balanced and complex. that unique flavor is the result of a perfect combination of our signature hand selected ingredients and a traditional four vessel brewing process.
Samuel Adams Boston Lager uses only the finest ingredients including two-row malted barley and Bavarian Noble hops. The sole use of two-row barley not only imparts a full, smooth body but also gives the beer a wide spectrum of malt flavor ranging from slightly sweet to roasted.
We also take great pride in the Noble hops we use. They’re hand selected by Jim Koch and our brewers from the world’s oldest hop growing areas. Although they are among the most expensive hops, their unmistakable aroma and taste is essential to Samuel Adams Boston Lager. The Noble hop varieties of Hallertau Mittelfrueh and Tettnang Tettnanger add a wide range of floral, piney and citrus notes, which are present from the aroma, through the taste, and all the way to the lingering smooth finish.
I was a bit disappointed in this beer as I am a big fan of Hefeweizen. I was expecting a 4 star beer and got something less. Has a bit of an aftertaste and Sebago Brewing’s website lists this as an unfiltered beer however it does not have the cloudy look that Hefeweizen usually does. It is easy to drink and certainly a quality beer but I was hoping for more.
Brewers Description: Our Hefeweizen is a cloudy (seemed very clear to me), light straw in color with a fruity aroma, light body, with a thick white head and clean finish. Our Hefeweizen is a golden unfiltered wheat beer with it’s origins from Bavaria. We ferment it with a traditional German yeast strain which produces a unique spicy fruitiness and wonderful carbonation. Malted red wheat gives it a light crisp body and dense white head. Please sit back and enjoy our summertime seasonal beer!
This was a surprise as I was not expecting a light refreshing beer. With a German name I expected a dark hearty beer. The beer is smooth, easy to drink and would go well with almost any meal.Pros: Very easy to drink, light and refreshing
Brewers Description: Light and fragrant, Samuel Adams® East West Kölsch has a floral and herbal character that balances the refreshing German Kölsch style. A classic Kölsch is less bitter than a pilsner with a slightly fruity and sweet biscuit note. For our version we wanted to create a bright fresh flavor by using Alsatian Strisselspalt hops for a subtle lemon and grassy hop note. We added another layer of flavor by aging the beer on a bed of Jasmine Sambac, a fragrant night blooming flower from Southeast Asia. The jasmine creates a delicate floral aroma and flavor for a wonderfully complex and refreshing brew.
I am not a big fan of IPAs and that will show with my rating of them as I move through the different brewers. The extra hops give the beer an extra bite that I really do not care for. If you are a fan of IPAs I am sure this is a quality beer.
Brewers Description: Samuel Adams® Latitude 48 IPA is a unique IPA brewed with a select blend of hops from top German, English, and American growing regions all located close to the 48th latitude within the “hop belt” of the Northern Hemisphere. The combination of hops in this beer creates a distinctive but not overpowering hop character. The beer is dry hopped with Ahtanum, Simcoe®*, and East Kent Goldings hops for a powerful citrus and earthy aroma. The hop character is balanced by a slight sweetness and full body from the malt blend.
One of my favorite beers, I look forward to its release each year. Wheat beer is smooth, easy to drink and very refreshing. I usually include a lemon slice with my Summer Ale and as with most wheat beer it is best enjoyed out of a glass not directly from the bottle.
Samuel Adams® Summer Ale is an American wheat ale. This summer seasonal uses malted wheat, lemon peel and Grains of Paradise, a rare pepper from Africa first used as a brewing spice in the 13th century, to create a crisp taste, spicy flavor and medium body. The ale fermentation imparts a background tropical fruit note reminiscent of mangos and peaches. All of these flavors come together to create a thirst quenching, clean finishing beer perfect for those warm summer days.
Found this show over the weekend. Very entertaining – kind of the drinking version of Man v. Food. The hosts travel around the country visiting bars and breweries, trying local brews and drinks. If you have HDNET setup the DVR to record.
This is my everyday beer. Light refreshing, full flavor and low calorie make for a good combination. Goes great with dinner, after a long day of work or anytime.
Brewers Description: Great tasting with a clean, smooth finish. Sam Adams Light® is not just a lighter version of our Samuel Adams Boston Lager® but rather the culmination of over two years of tireless research and brewing trials that proved to be worth the wait. Brewed using only the finest two-row malt and Bavarian Noble hops it has a smooth, complex, roasted malt character that is superbly balanced with the subtle fruity notes of the Noble hops. Sam Adams Light has a crisp and smooth finish without any lingering bitterness, leaving you yearning for that next sip.
My first beer happens to be a Maine original more because I had one in the fridge than anything else. I purchased this at Harvest Hills Farm which has a surprisingly good selection of local beer and very good pizza. Nothing special about this beer but if you enjoy red ales you should give this one a try.
Brewers Description: Lobster Ale is a dark copper “Red” ale with medium hop bitterness, flavor and aroma. It offers the drinker subtle levels of fruity-ester flavor and low caramel character. Slight yeast haze and chill haze give this ale a clear foamy rich head. Belfast Bay Brewing Co. is near the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia where just about every brewery makes a red ale, unlike the United States where red ales are not well known. When my wife suggested that a brewery from Maine should make a beer called Lobster Ale, a red ale seemed to be the perfect brew. Unlike our highly hopped neighbors beers, we decided to brew Lobster Ale to be very “user friendly.” We cut down on the hops and added slight amounts of black and dark crystal to the brew. The result is a medium hopped, medium flavored, very drinkable red ale.
Well this is something that I have been thinking about doing for some time and after seeing this blog yesterday I decided to give it a shot. I love beer, trying new varieties and styles and sharing my opinion. This blog will allow me to document my opinion of each and force me to try many different varieties of my favorite beverage.
You will not see any reviews of the mega breweries as I am a quality over quantity type of beer drinker. Since I have a beer almost everyday this blog will be updated on a regular basis. Each post will have as much detail as possible taken from the bottle and/or brewers website.
Powered by WordPress | Designed by: Wordpress Themes | Thanks to Metallica Tour, U2 Tour and Rolling Stones Tour
In case you missed it, the Wall Street Journal published a nice piece talking about financial risk tolerance. Some of the material in the article is based on research in the Lab!
Researchers working in the Financial Planning Performance Lab at the University of Georgia won a national research award at this year’s Financial Therapy Association conference in Nashville, TN. John Grable, Wookjae Heo, and Abed Rabbani won the Journal of Financial Therapy’s outstanding paper for Financial Anxiety, Physiological Arousal, and Planning Intention. According to the Journal’s editor, Dr. Kristy Archuleta, “We are very excited about the work these authors are doing and look forward to publishing their paper.” The final version of the paper will appear in the Journal of Financial Therapy (jftonline.org).
Results from this exploratory clinical study indicate that financial anxiety—holding an unhealthy attitude about one’s financial situation—and physiological arousal—the physical precursor to behavior—play important roles in shaping consumer intention to engage in future financial planning activity. Findings suggest that those who are most likely to engage the services of a financial adviser exhibit low levels of financial anxiety and moderate to high levels of physiological arousal. The least likely to seek the help of a financial adviser are those who exhibit high financial anxiety and low physiological arousal. Results support findings documented in the literature that high anxiety levels often lead to a form of self-imposed helplessness. In order to move those experiencing financial anxiety towards financial solutions, financial advisers ought to take steps to simultaneously reduce financial stressors and stimulate arousal as a way to promote behavioral change and help seeking.
Verdure station is a non-profit Internet radio station that was founded in 2007 by a team of experienced music listeners. Since its establishment and due to this very day we did not take on the goal to capture all of space - we would like to think that we are popular in the small society of music lovers. Our main task is to create an atmosphere of comfort and peace of mind through music. We started the philosophical talk show Logia and organized many live music performances with musicians and DJs. We are a live radio station with our own pulse and development plan.
We have reached our full-year targets despite a difficult environment in 2014. Our revenues grew 7 per cent, mainly thanks to the consolidation of Invensys, and were up 1.4 per cent organically. Short-cycle businesses and services were the key growth drivers. Adjusted EBITA margin improved by 0.4 point at constant scope and FX, particularly thanks to a sustained high level of industrial productivity.
We did a major acquisition in 2014, Invensys, which reinforced our industrial automation and software capabilities and strengthened our positions in key electro-intensive segments. The integration of Invensys is well on track and creates significant opportunities for synergies with our Industry and Infrastructure businesses. We could consider bolt-on and value creating acquisitions in our core businesses, in areas of growth. We are also contemplating the potential disposal of non-core businesses, as we have done in the past with CST and the Appliance division of Invensys.
We continue to target a solid balance sheet in the long term, corresponding to an A- rating, with the flexibility to move to BBB+ on a temporary basis. We also intend to benefit from the historically low financing conditions to increase our debt maturity and lower our average cost of debt. Moreover, we commit to buy back shares for a total amount ranging from €1.0 to 1.5 billion in the next two years. We intend to give greater visibility to our shareholders by introducing a progressive dividend policy, with no year on year decline.
We target to grow 3 to 6 per cent organically per year on average through the cycle. We maintain our operational margin target range of 13 to 17% and our Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) target range of 11 to 15 per cent. We intend to maintain our focus on cost control. Our company has grown significantly in the past 10 years, with revenues almost tripling, and has become more complex. Our focus will therefore be on simplification and cost savings. Our goal over the next three years is to generate approximately €1 billion of supply chain productivity gains and €400 to 500 million of savings in support function costs, which we will partly reinvest in growth.
The youth who consecrate their virginity to God, become in the eyes of Jesus, as beautiful as the angels of heaven.
In the Gospel our Redeemer now called Father, now Master, Shepherd now, but about virgins He calls himself the bridegroom. Who can ever understand here on earth the glory that God prepares for his wives virgins in Paradise?
If Jesus calls you to his love and you want his wives, follow him cheerfully! He will keep his thoughts to console them even in the midst of suffering. When you have given to the Lord what to be put to be put to the love of Jesus and Jesus will make you light and sweet the cross.
The true brides of Jesus follow the bridegroom where he goes, where he calls them. Follow the Bridegroom is imitate following it with the soul and the body.
After you have consecrated the body of Jesus that we must consecrate all my heart, so that your heart is all applied to love him. We must, therefore, choose the appropriate means that you may be all for Jesus: mental prayer, the Sacraments, obedience, mortification, confidence, wisdom, and authority, since it is necessary to preserve “Sicut lilium inter spinas”, these are the thorns that preserve the lilies .
Wind Update The wind is still cross-off at Choshi (moderate winds from the NNE at Choshi 6 km from Choshi). 1.0m 11 s period swell from E with an additional 0.9m 6 s period swell from SSE
© 2017 Ice and Beverage Solutions. All Rights Reserved. | Terms & Conditions of Sale | Website Terms of Use
Ice Block is a group of media specialists in the greater Tokyo area focused on the creation of unique and memorable multi-media content. There are countless ways our clients use rich media content to increase the visibility of their business and generate greater interest in their services.
R101 was recently invited to perform a set at Saitama Shintoshin Jazz Day. There were two stages, the big band and the small band set. 12 members strong, R101 looked strangely out of place on the small band set. Regardless, the show was a hit with the audience consistently growing from beginning to end.
The last set of photos we did for them can be found here. This one is in black and white because we wanted to try something a little different.
If you are suffering from chronic knee pain it is because the nerves in your legs are dying off. The KEY to eliminating your knee pain is to stimulate nerves that are called large diameter afferents (LDAs)! LDAs prevent or inhibit pain by firing in to an area in the spinal cord known as Laminae II. We have found that because the nerves are dying off, it will take time to correct your knee pain. In addition, we have to remove scar tissue adhesion’s in the muscles that support the knee (popliteus, adductors, tensor fascia late, and psoas). These adhesion’s form over the course of one’s lifetime as a result of minor traumas (falls, bumps, bruises, etc.)
NOTE: It is VITAL that in addition to decreasing your knee pain, we also have to rehab the knee with the therapies listed below so the pain does not return.
What we do in our office flat-out WORKS!!! I expect you to get results in 1-3 visits. What do I mean by “results?” I want to see a 25% to 40% improvement in your level of pain. YOU WILL NOT BE PAIN FREE OR “CURED” IN 1-3 VISITS BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO REHAB THE KNEE WITH THE MODALITIES LISTED BELOW. Complete rehab can take anywhere from 24 to 36 visits.
Here are explanations of our various therapies that we will be doing in the office to relieve your pain and swelling.
The laser is one of the newest technologies we use in the office. It is a revolutionary break-through in pain therapy!
B: Faster healing. The laser stimulates fibroblast development (these are building blocks) in damages tissue. This can help in the reduction of recovery time
C: Increased metabolic activity. Helps the body increase output of specific enzymes; induces oxygen to blood cells and more effective immune response.
D: Reduce fibrous tissue formation. The laser reduces the formation of scar tissue following tissue damage from cuts, scratches, burns, or following surgery.
F: Anti-inflammatory action. The laser reduces swelling caused by inflammation of joints to give improved joint mobility. This is very important in relieving your knee pain.
G: Increased vascular and nerve activity. The laser stimulates lymph and blood circulation to allow the affected tissue to have the best possible circulation. It may also help stimulate nerve function. If you have a slow recovery or nerve dysfunction in damaged tissue, it can result in “dead” limbs or numb areas. Laser use will speed the process of nerve cell reconnection to bring the numb areas back to life.
We have just incorporated a new therapy, known as Horizontal Therapy. This machine HEMT has been a breakthrough in electromedicine, combining all known forms of exectromedical therapy, in addition to this new revolutionary therapy. It is the most sophisticated form of electrotherapy available.
A German company engineered and manufactured this advanced unit to create a unique electrotherapy treatment concept called Horizontal Therapy. The field of electrmedicine has evolved over the years and provided us with electrical muscle stimulation, TENS therapy, microcurrent, inferential therapy, and other forms. Each of these methods of electrotherapy has a particular role in treating a variety of conditions, but none of them approach the therapeutic effects which are combined in the HEMT with Horizontal Therapy.
Communication between cells takes place in two ways: bioelectrically and biochemically. Whether the cells are in bone, muscle, ligament or nerve tissue, communication occurs via electrical currents and chemical messengers. When cellular communication is impaired, pain and disease occur, so that the normal functional state is lost. This causes a further breakdown in cellular communication.
Up until now, either the bioelectrical or the biochemical communication could be enhanced with electrotherapy at one time, but, not both at once. With Horizontal Therapy, both bioelectrical and biochemical components can be treated all in one treatment session. By holding the bioelectric intensity constant while changing the frequency, Horizontal Therapy can have a broad spectrum physiologic effect. The HEMT preset programs are designed to do this automatically.
Conditions such as knee pain, peripheral neuropathy, low back pain, neck pain, fibromyalgia, myofascial pain, overuse injuries, various kinds of headaches, muscle spasm, nerve pain, joint swelling, inflammation and many other conditions can be effectively treated with the horizontal therapy.
At low frequencies in the bioelectric range, circulation, lymphatic flow, swelling, pain and muscle function can all be improved. At higher frequencies in the biochemical range, circulation, lymphatic flow, swelling, pain, immune system function, muscle activation and metabolism are enhanced.
It should be noted that the bioelectrical currents that are used in HEMT are entirely safe. They have been rigorously tested and have surpassed all standards required for biomedical devices. The current is painless and in most cases is not even felt.
Scar tissue forms in the body as a temporary patching mechanism for wounds caused by surgery, trauma or repetitive stress. Scar tissue connecting tissue not normally connected are called adhesion’s. Adhesions can spread, entrapping nerves causing pain or numbness and limiting range of motion. Undiagnosed pain and restricted mobility are likely to be caused by these scar tissue adhesion’s.
Rapid Release Technology targets painful adhesion’s using resonance. RRT has determined the optimum frequency for maximum effectiveness. Our frequency also triggers the Tonic Vibration Reflex or TVR. This frequency is well known to instantly relax muscle guarding, cramps and spasms. RRT is unique in the above properties as it operates many times faster than other therapeutic devices, and it feels great too.
The PNRT unit then sends out a “test” signal that represents the most common waveform for healthy peripheral nerves. This signal goes from one foot, up the leg to the nerve roots in your back, down the other leg, to the other foot.
It then waits for an echo-like response from this initial signal. This phenomenon is similar to the patella reflex when your doctor hits just below your kneecap with a little rubber hammer and your leg kicks out.
When this initial signal reaches the other foot, an automatic response sends a signal back to the PNRT unit.
Just as a cardiologist can take one look at the shape of the signal displayed on the EKG monitor above the patient’s bed in the hospital and diagnose what is wrong with the heart, we have been able to identify that the peripheral nerves have a very particular shape to its waveform, and we can diagnose the nature of the problem from analyzing that waveform. This feature is built into the PNRT unit and processed by its internal microprocessor.
Abnormalities in the shape of the waveform on the way up indicates issues with numbness; the shape of the top of the waveform indicates the ability of the nerve to deliver the signal long enough for the brain to receive it all; abnormalities in the downward slope of the waveform indicates pain, and the shape of the refractory period below the baseline (as the nerve cell re-polarizes itself) indicates the ability of the nerve pathway to prepare for the next signal.
The PNRT unit then creates a compensating waveform (similar to the Bose headphones that cancel out the background noise on airplanes). Where there is too much energy displayed, the PNRT UNIT adapts the treating waveform to reduce that energy. Where the waveform indicates too little energy, it increases the energy in that area. This process goes on 7.83 times every second, sending a signal, analyzing the returning signal, creating a compensating signal, and sending this new signal.
The reason for the 7.83 Hz frequency is that it takes time for the nerve cell to re-polarize (or reset) itself between its transmission of nerve signals. Minerals have to squeeze through little holes in the cell wall, and then return. This takes time. We have found that if we slow down the treatment to 7.83 times per second, it gives the nerves time to re-polarize and get ready for the next signal.
We are offering a Consultation, Orthopedic Testing, a Detailed Neurological Evaluation and 3 FREE treatments all for $47!
Posted by :admin Posted date : January 5, 2018 In travelingg Comments Off on Duta Baca Bisa Traveling Gratis
In case you did not know this, I did not grow up in the United States. Where I grew up, we did not have acorn squash. We had pumpkins and gourds, to be sure, but nothing like the varieties I see around me here in Tennessee.
For the longest time, I thought one could not eat acorn squash. Somebody even told me they were only for decoration and I took their word for it. Boy, was I mistaken. Continue reading »
Posted in acorn squash, healthy recipes, how to cook acorn squash	Tagged acorn squash recipe, can you eat acorn squash, how to bake acorn squash, how to cook acorn squash, how to prepare acorn squash	Leave a comment
Last Month’s Homework Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (6) September 2018 (5) August 2018 (8) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (8) May 2018 (13) April 2018 (10) March 2018 (6) February 2018 (7) January 2018 (8) December 2017 (8) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (10) July 2017 (6) June 2017 (6) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (5) March 2017 (10) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (10) November 2016 (10) October 2016 (10) September 2016 (27) August 2016 (31) July 2016 (30) June 2016 (17) May 2016 (10) April 2016 (5) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (11) January 2016 (14) December 2015 (20) November 2015 (30) October 2015 (12) September 2015 (8) August 2015 (8) July 2015 (12) June 2015 (15) May 2015 (19) April 2015 (14) March 2015 (7) February 2015 (14) January 2015 (13) December 2014 (10) November 2014 (5) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (14) August 2014 (13) July 2014 (15) June 2014 (21) May 2014 (17) April 2014 (12) March 2014 (14) February 2014 (15) January 2014 (18) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (14) October 2013 (13) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (14)
5 days of homeschooling essentials art curriculum back-to-school Charlotte Mason Chinese history chronicles of narnia deciding to homeschool devotional for homeschooling moms devotional for moms field trip French French Friday giveaway history curriculum history curriculum for homeschoolers history for the classical child homeschool homeschool history curriculum homeschooling homeschooling mom how to do nature study how to homeschool kindergarten Knoxville Symphony Youth Orchestra KSYO Mom Monday mom monday series nature studies nature walks new series review Review Crew Romanian socialization Story of the World Story of the World review story of the world volume 3 story sunday susan wise bauer Thanksgiving The Well-Educated Mind Thoughtful Thursday Tuesday Tome weekly inspiration for homeschooling moms Wonderful Wednesday
© Adriana Zoder and Homeschool Ways, 2013-2016. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Adriana Zoder and Homeschool Ways with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
Our specialties include auto, bonded, card access control, closed circuit t v, closed circuit tv, combination change, commercial steel doors & frames , complete lock & safe service, door closers, hardware, high security systems, installation, institutional services, insured, keys made, lock installation, locks installed, maintenance, master key systems, open, safes, state lic 192000145 and steel doors. Bonded insured. We accept all major credit cards accepted , american express, discover, master card and visa for payment. Our preferred brands include auto, cal-royal products, commercial, master key systems and residential. We can assist you with 24 hour mob, 24 hour mobile service, a.d.a. hardware & in, a.d.a. hardware & installation, auto, bonded & insured, card access control, closed circuit t.v, closed circuit t.v., complete lock & safe service, complete lock & safe services, damage free lockout service, door closers, drive thru window, high security, high security systems, institutional, keys duplicated, lift installation, locks changed, locks installed, lost keys replaced, master key systems, repairs, steel doors and steel doors & frames. We've served residential and commercial customers. We've been in business since 1985. See our lock-out coupon!. Open for business 24 hours service.
If you have used the services of Lock Shop we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
AutoCAD is the world leader among solutions for 2D and 3D design. Being more visible, 3D modeling allows to speed up design works and release of the documentation, to share models and develop new ideas. For AutoCAD thousands of add-ons are available, which allows satisfying the needs of a wide range of customers.
Technical improvements have been made, which relieve the end user of a number of problems when installing the program.
Dear visitor,you came to the site as an unregistered user. We recommend you to register or enter the site under your name.We recommend you to Register or enter the site under your name.
"This Best Selling BalanceFrom High Accuracy Plus Digital Bathroom Scale with 3.6 Inch Large Dual Color Backlight Display and Smart Step-On Technology, Silver Tends to SELL OUT VERY FAST! If this is a MUST HAVE product, be sure to Order Now at Amazon.com to avoid disappointment!"
BalanceFrom memory-track technology – besides everything you can get from a regular bathroom scale, this scale will not only show your current weight in a blue back light, but also remind you the last weight it registered in a green back light
Large 3.6 inch LCD display with dual color backlight with large font numbers – easy to read from any distance, or light condition, auto-calibrated and automatically turns off to conserve battery life, runs on 4 AAA batteries (batteries included)
Equipped with 4 latest version high precision sensors (technology from Germany) – consistent and accurate measurements up to 400 pounds or 180 kg, graduation increments of 0.2 pounds or 0.1 kg, measure units are available in pounds, kg
A body tape measure is included for free, extra thick and sturdy tempered glass top (the thickest in the current market) for safety and large 13 inch x 12 inch platform, 100 percent BalanceFrom satisfaction guarantee and 2-year BalanceFrom warranty
We have searched the web to find the best prices available. Click Here to find out where to get the best deal on BalanceFrom High Accuracy Plus Digital Bathroom Scale with 3.6 Inch Large Dual Color Backlight Display and Smart Step-On Technology, Silver
When Greg isn’t writing funny books for kids and teens, he usually can be found cracking them up live and in person. Need an author to visit your school? Greg’s your man.
With plenty of visuals and audience participation, Greg delves into the writing process and the fun of storytelling and writing humorous books for kids. Your students will come away with:
Mr. Trine’s presentation to my son’s class combined humor, inspiration, and a heart-felt readers ethic. The kids were mesmerized.
What a great presentation. Many visuals brought the talk to life. The kids loved the evil laugh contest and to be able to play a part from the books. Greg Trine really relates to kids!
In many ways, Greg Trine was the most popular author we have ever had here. His books are fun and funny, plus they lend themselves to all kinds of writing exercises and they are great examples of the six traits of writing.
Greg Trine’s visit to our school was one of the best author visits we have had. He had the primary and upper-grade kids totally engaged!
Debauchery Cabernet Sauvignon presents a complex, flavorful blend of fruit and plum with splashes of vibrant, decadent flavors such as chocolate, raspberry jam and caramel. A deep ruby red, this wine's bold structure lingers over the tongue, offering peppery and oaky nuance. The grapes of Debauchery Cabernet Sauvignon are grown in the rich soil of Chile's Maipo Valley south of Santiago nestled between the Andes and the Pacific Ocean. Famous for producing excellent red wines, this region enjoys hot days and cool nights and is irrigated naturally from the melting snows of the Andes, bringing constant ripening until harvest
Due to the anticipated volume of responses, we will contact only those candidates who most closely match our requirements.
hello and welcome to daydreaming, a multi-fandom fansite featuring an extensive database of fanart, Photoshop and other downloads, and a very large collection of promotional images and episode stills from several tv series. This site is updated regularly and frequently so please return often. It is probably best viewed in a widescreen resolution; if you're using IE, this site will not look very pretty so you should consider upgrading your browser. This layout features fandom overload.
Atv-adventures is specialized in receiving small and large groups of people. Just make contact and we will organize your event whether it is a surprise event, your company’s annual event, a family event or just something you like to try.
Safari quads is the oldest quad/ATV tour company in Iceland and has been operating tours since 2003. We started our operation on a farm in the country side in West Iceland and offered tours in the back country and mountain areas
There is no need to appeal to the Embassy of the Republic of Azerbaijan in your country for a visa to Azerbaijan. You will have an opportunity to obtain a visa on arrival in Azerbaijan. All the details of getting a visa are given below.
After the final team of the IChO-2015 is formed, the head of the team should send us a list of all the participants and guests as well as the copies of their passports. On the ground of these documents we send the Migration Service of Azerbaijan a request for getting permission to issue visas at the airport. Within two weeks we will receive an official letter in which they mention that these persons have the right to obtain visas at the Heydar Aliyev International Airport on arrival. This letter is scanned and sent to the head of the team. In case any of the team members arrive individually, you should inform about it in advance since a certain letter should also be written for them. When leaving for Azerbaijan each member of the team should have the invitation letter printed as well as the official letter from the Migration Service of Azerbaijan, which testifies that this person will obtain a visa to Azerbaijan on arrival. On boarding the plane this letter will be used instead of your visa.
To get a visa at the Heydar Aliyev International Airport each participant must have the following documents:
1. One application form (the participants can fill in on board the plane or in the visa section at the airport);
In the attached file you can find an application form to fill in and take with you, and also the file with all necessary information about visa fees. You will pay the visa fees at the airport. The payment will be in cash. You can withdraw cash money from the cash machines (ATM) at the airport. You can apply to the hotline of the Visa Section of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (at +994 50 362 53 94) in case of problems during the whole period of arrival of the teams (7/24 hours).
The representatives of the countries with visa-free regime can only show their passports. You can also find the file with a list of the countries with visa-free regime in the attached files.
04 August, 2015An official report of the 47th International Chemistry Olympiad held in Baku29 July, 2015International competition of young chemists has come to an end29 July, 2015Winners visit Germany25 July, 2015The 47th International Chemistry Olympiad, organized by Baku Branch of Lomonosov Moscow State University, continues.25 July, 2015Award
The commonplace use of MP4 to MP3 yields a MP3 rank by means of an deep-seated image. https://www.audacityteam.org/ will not be able to edit the text at home it.Embed pictures doc
Fre:ac is a unattached audio converter and recording ripper for varied codecs and encoders. It options MP3, MP4/M4A, WMA, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, AAC, and Bonk format help, integrates singledb/recordingDB, compact diskprose and 3v2 tagging and is offered in a number of languages.
How to obtain video from YouTube and put YouTube video on your iPod, iPhone, PSP or MP4 players? this text hand down show you ways to download video from YouTube web site and convert YouTube video to iPod, iPhone, PSP or other video formats to allow you to watch YouTube video on your players. For Mp3Gain
Simple MP4 video playervery straightforward app to make use of with it brings out all your videos you might have. advocate THIS APP TO ! packed review
How can one watch mp4 video via Nokia asha2zero0? 1,061,293questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaiting an answer...Please depart this discipline blank except you might be answering the question. do not ask questions you already know the answer to. thank you.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a unattached-to- site that makes cash from promoting. we have a bespoke expertise for viewers using ad blockers Wikia will not be if youve made further modifications. remove the custom ad blocker (s) and the page donate weigh down as anticipated.categories : Un-answered questions NokiaAdd class CancelSave
How can i turn itnes track clothed in mp4? 1,zero61,292questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk 0This question is awaiting an answer...Please go away this field clean except you're answering the question. don't ask questions you already know the reply to. thank you.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! mp3gain is a free-to-constructiveness web site that makes cash from promoting. we've got a bespoke expertise for viewers utilizing ad blockers Wikia shouldn't be available if youve made further modifications. take away the customized ad blocker list(s) and the page hand down weigh down as anticipated.categories : Un-answered questionsAdd category CancelSave
Courtney collapsed next to her on the ground and fell asleep. What the Fuck, Samantha asked herself. Samanthas back suddenly arched as she hit her orgasm, she squirted all over two of the boys sleeping in front of her. Samantha began to feel the weight of her two intense orgasms, fade away.
p align"center" A few hours later Courtney awoke, her face covered in sweat, cum and the look of dread. What did I do.
Riiiggggghhhhttttttt.......... You mean like all the sanctions Trump just put on Russia for various reasons!!
Samanthas back suddenly arched as she hit her orgasm, she squirted all over two of the boys sleeping in front of her. Samantha began to feel the weight of her two intense orgasms, fade away. p align"center" A few Passsionate later Courtney awoke, her face covered in sweat, cum and the look of dread.
What did I do. She asked herself as she remembered raping her best friend. She stood up and stared at Samantha as she slept peacefully. Courtney carried her friend to the showers in the girls change room and cleaned the cum Passionnate of her.
Courtney got dressed and left, she didnt understand what she had done, or why, but she wouldnt be able to face Samantha again.
lol.. yep .. I am waiting to hear where it was welp chicago surprise surprise ... I gotta delete that picture I think it might be political . :P
Plump bespectacled fucked by a stripper in the pussy while her husband was at work and finishedMademoiselle and mature guyIn bald pretzel befall sex with a girl standingEmily is given to the fire inspector cancerAs fares Probable sexStepmother sex with stepson as calculatedAsian student rigidly fucked in the mouthBlonde sucks cock and gets fucked in a car with a modest guyStriptease ended trachomaSexy Marilyn caresses muscular guy and sucks dickBlonde with huge breasts fuck Crystal in the gymTough guy fuck ugly prostitute in tattoosDirty fuck after a walkWe went to rideExcited girlfriends lick the legs to each other and fuck in a rushBusty Asian girl puts his private porn videoThe historic medieval porn with beautiful women in ancient castleSucks with a smileAdult aunt waited sexDoll fingering a rabid thirst for satisfaction
Here is one: - A person gets hit on the head, sustains an injury to the brain and looses consciousness entirely. What other entity apart from the brain itself is needed to explain this. What happened to the "other consciousness"? Was it also impaired due to the brain injury?
Metaphorically if a person is an individual cloud, the substance of the cloud being the body and brain, and thoughts, including "I", the true consciousness is the light ray from the sun that is illuminating the cloud.
Does that line of thought hold its ground against a materialistic worldview and philosophical stance?
I'd like arguments from members who also entertain a materialistic worldview and take the materialistic argument seriously.
The analogy is not a good one. It is easy to determine that the source of light is not within the eye ( a couple of simple experiments will do).
However, when it comes to consciousness, as of today, it is impossible to prove that it is not inextricably tied to the physical entity. In the absence of evidence, the most clear path to accept such a position (consciousness independent of brain) is by faith in religious sources.
Of course, there is a lot more going on here. Named the "mind-body problem", it has been a hot topic of discussion since the time of Plato to modern thinkers like Popper and Searle. A wide range of schools (property dualism, eleminativism, etc, etc.) explore this topic to this day and there is no sign of it ending anytime soon.
How can we determine that the source of light is not within the eye without using an eye to judge it?
Welcome to Framers Gallery and New England Graphics. We specialize in Fine Art Prints and Fine Custom Framing. For over 25 years Framers Gallery and New England Graphics has been providing quality products and superior service to the New England Area.
While burgers are admittedly one of my favorite foods, but there are only so many a girl can take. When I’m looking to elevate my grill game, I turn to one of these unique BBQ meals, including mouthwatering mojo-marinated grilled skirt steak tacos; a crunchy, spicy and sweet gochujang grilled pork tenderloin salad; a light and vibrant grilled chicken paillard; Tuscan-grilled steaks with an insanely addicting salsa verde; and finally, a grilled eggplant salad that will be the star of your next party. I hope you’ll love them as much as I do!
An easy mojo sauce can transform an ordinary skirt steak and simple grilled vegetables into something special. Serve the steak and veggies tucked into tacos with avocado slices, cotijo cheese and more of that mojo sauce for a unique BBQ dinner that begs to be eaten outdoors (margaritas are optional… ok, not really).
This is one of my favorite summer meals and will convert even the staunchest of salad skeptics! Gochujang, a Korean spice paste, adds a spicy-sweet umami punch to a salad dressing that does double duty as a marinade for pork tenderloin. The warm pork gets served over a crunchy and bright butter lettuce salad with snap peas, mint and cilantro for a salad you will crave.
The secret to juicy grilled chicken breasts is to pound them thin so that they cook quickly and evenly (no dried out meat, thank you very much!). Here smoky, grilled chicken is the perfect counterpoint to a cooling fennel, arugula and potato salad with golden raisins, black olives, almonds and feta. It’s got loads of flavors and texture for a dinner that’s both refreshing and satisfying.
When I need a break from reality I make these Tuscan grilled steaks, which transport me right back to Italy. The recipe calls for skirt steak, but you could use any cut you prefer. The steaks get marinated in plenty of garlic, rosemary and thyme before hitting the grill, and are served with a verdant salsa verde sauce that I end up slathering over everything on my plate. Grill up some veggies alongside the steaks, and dinner is done.
This grilled eggplant salad is a delicious departure from the ordinary tomato salads of summer! Meaty slices of grilled eggplant get topped with a shaved fennel salad, crumbled feta and a spatter of fresh mint for a hearty yet light salad that’s perfect over whole grains as a main course, or alongside grilled fish, meat or sausages as a side dish.
Join now to receive my latest recipes and receive a free copy of my Build-a-Bowl Bonus Recipes ebook!
FranDelJa offers services for both private pay and subsidized childcare. Funding is offered through the California Department of Education, City Funding, and Alternative Payment Providers.
To apply for Private Pay or Subsidized Childcare at either FranDelJa location, please contact us our administrative office, at (415)822-1699. We are happy to schedule an appointment for you to apply on campus, tour our facility, and discuss your child's road to their future success.
Apply Online at https://www.sfcel.org/index.cfm. Click "How to Apply" on the left hand side, and then select "New User" to enter your family information.
Third, our Enrollment Specialist will contact you via phone to review your eligibility, request paperwork, and set up a formal tour for both you and your child.
The California Department of Education Child Development Division, has implemented new regulations for families to qualify for subsidized child development services. This is a step-by-step process to enroll your child in FanDelJA Enrichment Center California Subsidized Child Development programs that we provide.
The new certification regulations require parents to take responsibility to submit all of the requested documentation that are needed to determine weather or not their family is eligible for state subsidized childcare. New forms and procesures will guide this process.
Income eligibility is determined by the amount of money that is received by all adult members of the family who provide financial support for the family. The total family income in relationship to the size of the family determines income eligibility.
Size of family includes the children in the family who are counted in the family, and all of the adults who take responsibility to care for children in the family.
Subsidized childcare services are offered to families who meet the income eligibility requirements and who demonstrate that none of the adults who are responsible for the care of the child/ren in the family is able to care for the children for one of the following reasons:
rainbow vacuum bowl best rainbow vacuum ideas on rainbow vacuum vacuum cleaner how many thumbs up to this vacuum cleaner how to keep a vacuum cleaner smelling fresh vs vs hoover vs vs shark vs how to.
This is a placeholder page for Valeria Ciurletti, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Valeria Ciurletti.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Valeria Ciurletti. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Valeria Ciurletti. We created this page automatically in hopes Valeria Ciurletti would find it. If you are not Valeria Ciurletti, but are an alumni of Franklin Simpson High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Franklin Simpson High School	of Franklin, Kentucky
This is a placeholder page for Paul Abell, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Paul Abell.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Paul Abell. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Paul Abell. We created this page automatically in hopes Paul Abell would find it. If you are not Paul Abell, but are an alumni of Franklin Simpson High School, register on this site for free now.
A teacher once told Franny that she was "just a little whinny, but one day you will grow into a beautiful mare." Franny never knew from horses, but she took it as a compliment and started planning for "one day."
By her tenth birthday Franny had lived in Ohio, Florida, Maryland and Pennsylvania, but she always knew she was destined for New York. She moved to Brooklyn after earning a BFA in Acting from University of Cincinnati's College-Conservatory of Music, more popularly known as "CCM."
Franny is an actress with a passion for the collaborative process, which has led her in many unusual and exciting directions since her move to NYC. After training with Anne Bogart and The SITI Co, she found herself creating original theatre pieces and traveling the country with Storahtelling, a Ritual Theatre company that creates original work rooted in Jewish tradition and mythology, where she served as Associate Artistic Director from 2002-2007. During this time she co-created, directed, and performed in over 40 original pieces of ritual theatre that have been performed throughout the country, from Atlanta to Alaska.
In New York, Franny has also worked with The Culture Project, HB Playwrights Theatre, MultiStages Theatre, Shalimar Productions, Manhattan Theatre Source, Triple Play Productions, Looking for Lilith, The Harbor Theatre, The Impact Theatre, The Samuel French New Play Festival and CenterStage NY. Regionally, Franny has appeared at The Human Race Theatre (OH), The Phoenix Theatre (IN), Northwoods Theare Company (WI) and The Ko Festival (MA).
Recent favorite roles include Dina/Leah, the lead role in the inaugural production of Marcia Jean Kurtz's Between Two Worlds at HB Playwrights Theatre, the title role in Brecht's The Jewish Wife at Northwoods Theatre Company, and The Cobbler's Wife in Lisa Dillman's The Curse of the Horned Babby as part of Estrogenius 2008 at Manhattan Theatre Source.
Franny is also proud to be the director of composer/arranger/vocalist Ayelet Rose Gottlieb's song-cycle Mayim Rabim/Great Waters recipient of a 2007 BRICLab Residency at BRICstudio. She has also collaborated and performed with Adelantre, a Sephardic-influenced musical ensemble led by Katie Down and performance-artist Stephanie Skaff.
Franny still doesn't know from horses, but she suspects that after all these years, "one day" has finally arrived.
Hello..ooh beautiful card, love the lace and the feathers, thanks for joining in with our sketch challenge at CRAFTY CATZ x carol
Wow...this is just stunning! love the lace and feathers along with the flowers :) Thanks for playing along with Creative Card Crew!
Oh my goodness...pearls, lace, ribbon, AND feathers! What a gorgeous card! Thanks for joining us with another inspirational creation! You are rocking our April challenge at Oozak!
What a beautiful card. Love all the different elements. Thank you for joining us over at Crafty Catz. Hugs Nina
Its all so pretty.....gorgeous lace and I love the softness the feathers add to your gorgeous card. Thanks for sharing it with us in the The Shabby Tea Room.
Very pretty card! I love all the embellishments, it adds a fun texture to your card! Amazing job! Thank you for joining us at the Oozak Challenge!
Thanks so much for entering our Flower-challenge at A&T challenge blog. Hope to see your lovely creations soon again!
Wow what a cute card. Love your color choices and all of that layering! Thanks so much for playing along with us at the Creative Card Crew!
Bathtub, shower, toilet, refrigerator, TV, desk, phone, tea server, mirror, yukata (Japanese bathrobe), slippers, bath towel, face towel, toothbrush & toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner and body soap.
European capital markets law has developed rapidly in recent years. The former directives have been replaced by regulations and numerous implementing legal acts aimed at ensuring a level playing field across the EU. The financial crisis has given further impetus to the development of a European supervisory structure. This book systematises the European law and examines the underlying concepts from a broadly interdisciplinary perspective. National experiences in selected Member States – Austria, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom – are also explored. The first chapter deals with the foundations of capital markets law in Europe, the second explains the basics, and the third examines the regime on market abuse. Chapter four explores the disclosure system and chapter five the roles of intermediaries, such as financial analysts, rating agencies and proxy advisers. Short selling and high frequency trading is described in chapter six. Chapter seven deals with financial services and chapter eight explains compliance and corporate governance in investment firms. Chapter nine illustrates the regulation of benchmarks. Finally, chapter ten deals with public takeovers. Throughout the book emphasis is placed on legal practice, and frequent reference is made to the key decisions of supervisory authorities and courts.
European capital markets law has developed rapidly in recent years, in the form of four framework directives and numerous implementing directives aimed at improving the integrity and functioning of capital markets. The financial crisis has given further impetus to the development of a European supervisory structure. This book systematises the European directives and examines the underlying concepts from a broadly interdisciplinary perspective. National differences in selected Member States ? Austria, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom ? are also explored. The first chapter deals with the foundations of capital markets law in Europe, the second explains the basics, and the third examines the rules ensuring market integrity (particularly insider dealing, market manipulation and short selling). Chapter four explores the disclosure system. The roles of intermediaries, such as investment firms, financial analysts and rating agencies, are described in chapter five, and chapter six deals with compliance in investment firms. Throughout the book emphasis is placed on legal practice, and frequent reference is made to the key decisions of supervisory authorities and courts. The book will be useful to students, researchers and practitioners, including attorneys and supervisory authorities.
Over the last decade, European company law has been completely re-written. Virtually no EU measure remained unchanged and most of them have undergone fundamental reform. This is astonishing since almost half of these measures only came into existence after the turn of the millennium. In the last five years, 'modern' European company law has been characterized by a strong foundation of accounting law: i.e. the basic information scheme in international models (IFRS); the practicability and reality of cross-border mobility in its different types; and the considerable success (at last) of European company types, namely in the form of the European Company, which has been adopted by many blue chip companies, and, finally, by governance. The latter is also experiencing a remarkable renaissance of shareholders' rights, namely voting right schemes. In times of crisis, this is the equipment with which the challenges have to be met. European Company Law first discusses the EC/EU law, including all instruments through which it is transposed into the national law systems. However, where no EC/EU law exists, a comparative law discussion and the policy aspects - namely law and economics - fill the gaps. The whole organism of (limited liability) company law is thus covered. In addition to organization, accounting, finance, and the closely-related capital market law, this second edition covers the cornerstones of EC/EU corporate tax and insolvency law. This broad scientific perspective of the 'European' in company law remains unique and will be of greatest value for top-level practice and highly-ranked policy discussions. (Series: Ius Communitatis - Vol. 1)
Capital Markets Union in Europe analyses the legal and economic implications of the European Commission's plans to form a Capital Markets Union (CMU) in Europe, which will have a major impact on financial markets and institutions both in the region and beyond. A detailed introductory chapter provides a broad overview of the various aspects and challenges of the CMU proposals, whilst thematically grouped chapters cover the following areas: (i) general aspects, (ii) Brexit, (iii) financing innovation, (iv) raising capital on the capital markets, (v) fostering retail and institutional investment, (vi) leveraging banking capacity to support the wider economy, (vii) facilitating cross-border investing, and (viii) comparative aspects of capital market integration. Written by world renowned experts in the fields of banking and capital markets, including respected academics, with broad practical experience, and leading practitioners, Capital Markets Union in Europe provides high-quality analysis of the legal and economic issues in a practical context.
This accessible work provides critical analysis and explains in context the practice and operation of the international capital markets, their regulation and their institutions
'European Securities Law' is a guide to the law and regulations which govern the European securities market. It discusses practical application of the key EU directives within the context of corporate transactions, as well as the legal issues which arise as a result of the differences in implementation between member states.
In March 2015, the Institute for Law and Finance in Frankfurt am Main held a full-day symposium which brought together leading representatives of the public and private sectors to deliver the first high level response to the questions posed by the Commission’s Green Paper on Building a Capital Markets Union. These responses are collected in this volume.
The Global Financial Crisis has re-ordered how the EU intervenes in the EU financial market, both with respect to regulation and with respect to supervision. After 5 years of a behemoth reform agenda, the new landscape is now clear. Rule-making power has decisively moved to the EU and radical reforms have been made to the organization of supervision. EU Securities and Financial Markets Regulation provides the first comprehensive, critical, and contextual account of the vast new rule-book which now applies to the EU financial market in the aftermath of the seismic reforms which have followed the financial crisis. Topics covered in-depth include the AIFMD, EMIR, the Short Selling Regulation, the new market abuse and transparency regimes, the rating agency regime, the UCITS IV-VI reforms, and MiFID II/MiFIR; the analysis is wide-reaching, extending to secondary legislation and relevant soft law. The book also examines the far-reaching institutional changes which have followed and considers in detail the role and impact of the European Securities and Markets Authority and the potential impact of the Single Supervisory Mechanism for euro area banks on the supervision of the EU financial market. EU Securities and Financial Markets Regulation is the third edition of the highly successful and authoritative monograph first published as EC Securities Regulation. Almost entirely recast and re-written from the 2008 second edition to reflect the changes wrought by the Global Financial Crisis, it adopts the in-depth contextual and analytical approach of earlier editions and so considers the market, political, international, institutional, and constitutional context of the new regulatory and supervisory regime, and the underlying forces which have (and will continue to) shape it.
This topical volume examines key developments in the law regulating capital markets, drawing on examples from around the world – including United States, Canada, Europe, China, India, and New Zealand. With perspectives from international scholars, chapters look at current issues including the regulation of crowdfunding, efforts in Europe for shareholder empowerment, hedge fund activism in Canada, international regulatory cooperation, and regulation of corporate governance in China through securities law rules.
The competition between European financial centres is a subject of spirited public debate. Has the introduction of the Euro undermined London's position? Does tax competition disadvantage some European centres? Should the regulation of institutional investment be changed? Is it a good policy for governments to promote their national financial centres? And would the UK joining the European monetary union threaten the position of other European centres? These are some of the questions confronting policymakers and industry players. This book provides a firm empirical basis for examining these issues and provides a means to compare the efficiency, performance and future potential of the main European financial centres.
In today's financial world overwhelmed by capital market upheaval, it is important to understand the intricacies of new regulation, and individuals must have a strong foundation in how capital markets function, as well as how financial instruments and derivatives work. Capital Markets, Derivatives, and the Law provides readers with the foundation necessary to make informed, well-reasoned decisions about capital market participation, derivative utilization, and adherence to existing and future regulations. This publication is an essential guide for attorneys and business professionals seeking an accessible resource to better comprehend the legal and business considerations of capital markets and derivatives transactions, while offering expert insight into how derivatives work. In this book, Alan N. Rechtschaffen explores the structures of derivatives as well as how they are regulated and litigated. In addition, he provides useful definitions, case law examples, and insight into structures, regulation, and litigation strategies. This Second Edition analyzes the state of the capital markets from the perspective of the acute crisis back in 2008 to the present evolution, providing the reader with the tools to recognize vulnerabilities in capital market trading activities that existed before the crisis, and those that face our global economy now, and into the future.
Capital Markets Handbook, Sixth Edition is the definitive desk reference for capital market professionals and a complete resource for anyone working in the financial markets field. Written by seasoned professionals in association with the SIA, Capital Markets Handbook covers the latest developments in major securities legislation, and all aspects of documentation, underwriting, pricing, distribution, settlement, immediate aftermarket trading of new issues, compliance issues, a glossary, a bibliography, and appendices containing the full text of the primary statutes and regulations. The Sixth Edition includes coverage of new developments, including compliance issues such as: New amendments to NASD Rule 2710 ("The Corporate Financing Rule") governing underwriting compensation Updates on PIPE and Registered Direct Transactions Amendments to Rule 10b-18 governing corporate repurchase of equity securities Online Dutch auction procedures in use for the Google, Inc. IPO United Kingdom Financial Service Authority guidance on conflict of interest regarding pricing and allocation issues which have been adopted by one major U.S. investment bank Amendments to Rule 105 Regulation M concerning short selling in connection with public offerings Currency conversion in settlement of a global offering NASD Rule 2790-Restriction on the Purchase and Sale of IPO equity securities NASD IPO Distribution Manager procedures for filing with NASD Corporate Financing Proposed NASD Rule 2712 concerning allocation and distribution of shares in an initial public offering A reorganized compliance chapter in a checklist format designed to ease and enhance CEO and CFO Compliance Certification required by a proposed amendment to NASD Rule 3010 (Supervision) and the adoption of Interpretive Material 3010-1 And more
This book deals with regulatory competition in corporate and capital market law in Europe - i.e. the endeavor of national and supranational legislators to develop more attractive corporate legal forms and investment frameworks. The book focuses on some recent national corporate law reforms, the newly introduced European legal form Societas Europaea, and the choice of law in corporate debt securities. It combines legal reasoning and advanced econometric techniques to investigate the virtues of regulatory competition in Europe. As it turns out, the merits of regulatory competition in corporate and capital market law are not straightforward, but have to be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. (Series: European Studies in Law and Economics - Vol. 7)
Are Americans finally waking up from a deep, dark sleep? They better or the likes of Satanists, Pope Benedict and Daddy Bush, known as Magog, will usher in Nazism quicker than you can blink an eye.
he fight against the Illuminati continues in small "truth circles" around the country as more and more Americans are waking up from a deep, dark sleep to realize their country has been turned into an evil fascist state under the guise of liberty and freedom.
To the Illuminati big wigs, including Satanist supreme George H. Bush, known as Magog to his sick-minded friends, liberty and freedom stand for death, destruction and Nazism.
It's a sad state of affairs to realize top U.S. leaders like Daddy Bush, his Satanic son, Henry Kissinger, Ronald Reagan and many others are nothing but sell-outs, traitors and dedicated to the Vatican-led New World Order takeover.
But it's true just as it is true Benedict XVI is a Satan worshipper with a 24-year-old gay lover, facts verified by Illuminati insiders from Italy and the powerful Monte Carlo P2 Lodge.
So, it's all down hill here from here unless Americans wake-up, fight back and finally identify and nab the true spiritual controllers of this fascist take-over.
"The Vatican and the Jesuit Order must be stopped," said author Eric Jon Phelps, author of Vatican Assassins. "Throw the Jesuits out and end formal diplomatic relations before it's too late, diplomatic relations reinstituted after more than 100 years by one of the biggest American traitors ever � Ronald Reagan."
The fact Reagan sold out his country is no secret amongst historians and researchers looking for the truth and not covering it. The following connection between Reagan and Licio Gelli, the Italian Grandmaster of the P2 Masonic network, proves he was working to bring about Satanic rule under the evil New World Order.
Gelli now is in his 80's and dying of cancer. He also was photographed right behind Reagan during his inauguration, although most all Americans never recognize the real evil behind the Presidency.
But Gelli is the real deal, the real evil lurking behind the Masonic structure spreading its Satanic tentacles through Lodges worldwide with the help and "blessings" of the Vatican and their henchmen, the Jesuit Order led by Jesuit "Satanic" General, Fr. Peter hans Kolvenback, known as the Black Pope and the real power in the Vatican controlling Benedict.
But to show how the New World Order is progressing behind the shield of Freemasonry, the Jesuits and Vatican duplicity, they are now arrogantly telling the world about their evil plans and the characters involved.
For example, recently Henry Kissinger was announced as an official Papal advisor. Remember, both Benedict and Kissinger are closet Nazis spreading war by saying it is peace and spreading freedom under the guise of fascism.
And as Kissinger and his Satanic crew go public so is Gelli going public overseas, telling people in a recent video how proud he was to be one of Hitler and Mussolini's "young soldiers."
Although Gelli's story is unknown to Americans, Italians and other Europeans understand his connections and power. It is story worth telling since he was seated and the right hand of Reagan, indicating the power he wielded even in the U.S.
"He is dying of cancer and perhaps the Illuminati are paying tribute to him in their own twisted way," said former high level Illuminati whistleblower from the Monte Carlo P2 Lodge, Leo Zagami. "I know Gelli and before I defected their was much talk for me to take over in his place as new aristocratic blood was needed.
"He was a key New World Order strategist between the Vatican, the United States and the rest of the Illuminati Freemasonic structure that at the high-levels seek to institute Nazism even in America."
Thinking about the recent video about Gelli, released over seas and listed below, Zagami reflected about Gelli's power and how it connects to Freemasonry, the Vatican, all secret societies and the powerful government leaders around the world, all working together to bring about war and destruction.
Even more astounding, Gelli admits in the newly released video that the Vatican controls the intelligence services of the world, wielding tremendous power among all the top world leaders.
Greg also has his own daily show on the Genesis Communications Network. Go to www.gcnlive.com Greg Szymanski is an independent investigative journalist and his articles can been seen at www.LewisNews.com. He also writes for his own site www.arcticbeacon.com
Listen to my Radio Broadcast live Monday night at 8pm Pacific time on LewisNews, returning Jan. 1 2006 Radio http://webs.lewisnews.com/radio/index.htm. Greg is also regular on Rense.com the first Thursday of every month at 9-10 pm pacific time.
This page may contain copyrighted material, the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. I am making such material available in my efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. I believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
It’s the group at the center of major conspiracy theories. They’ve been accused of pulling the strings of major governments around the world, for inserting secret symbols in such prominent
Meanwhile in the United States, George Thorndike Angell formed the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in 1868, the second humane organization in the country. He was prompted to start the MSPCA after hearing about two horses dying during a brutal 40-mile race. Just three years later, 24 cities across the U.S. had established similar animal protection organizations.
Angell spent years searching for a book that would inspire people to treat animals humanely, much the way Uncle Tom’s Cabin helped advance the abolitionist movement that eventually led to the ban on human slavery.
In 1890, someone brought Black Beauty to Angell’s attention and he knew it was the right book to further his cause. By the time he died in 1909, Angell had distributed around two million copies of the book to schoolchildren.
Shortly after Angell’s discovery, Black Beauty inspired a writing contest to find its equivalent for dogs. The winner was Margaret Marshall Saunders’ Beautiful Joe.
Written from the perspective of a horse in Victorian England, Black Beauty tells the story of a colt who grows up and experiences happiness, mistreatment, and great sadness as he is passed from owner to owner. He suffers damaged knees, the use of a fashionable bearing rein that holds his head high at the risk of hurting his back, the loss of his equine friends, and overwork in the hands of cruel or ignorant owners. Eventually he finds a home where he can retire and be happy, but his story reveals that he is one of the luckier horses of his era.
Anna Sewell was one of many in the U.S. and Great Britain who were independently thinking about the plight of animals in the mid-1800s, but it took a story like Black Beauty to bring them together and to reach a younger generation. It was hard to ignore how important, and yet how disregarded, horses were in society at that time. Once people began to advocate for horses, it was a small step for them to start recognizing other animals’ well-being.
The humane movement picked up steam in the 20th century, but there was still plenty of work to do to ensure that animals were treated with dignity.
– I have to say, for your information, sir, and that of the Senate, that His Excellency the Governor-General has intimated that he will be pleased to receive, at Government House, the Address-in-Reply to His Excellency’s Opening Speech, passed by the Senate some time ago, at 20 minutes past 3 to-day.
Papers presented to the British Parliament - Convention between Greece and Bulgaria, signed at Neuilly-sur-Seine, 27th Novem ber, 1919.
Income Tax - Royal Commission - Report. Peace Treaty between Allied and Associated Powers and Bulgaria, and Protocol, signed at Neuilly-sur-Seine, 27th November, 1919.
Profiteering Act- Findings by a Committee appointed to investigate the cost of Production and Distribution of Wool Tops and Yarns at all stages, and the Profits arising therefrom.
Is it a fact that the Prime Minister attended three meetings, Senator Russell ten meetings, and the Ministers of Agriculture of the various States attended seven meetings?
That the growers’ representative for New South Wales, Mr. Drummond, attended nine meetings; the Victorian representative, Mr. W. C. Hill, nine meetings; theSouth Australian representative, Mr. Giles, ten meetings; and the Western Australian representative, Mr. J. Gibbon, six meetings?
That the wheat-growers’ representatives are paid £4 4s. per day, from time of leaving to return home, together with any expenses of travelling actually incurred’, such as train fares, &c.?
Is it a fact that Mr. Drummond received £275 12s. 2d.; Mr. Hill, £154; Mr. Giles, £464; and Mr. Gibbon, £607 15s. 8d.?
Is it a fact that Mr. Gibbon received for ten sittings £7 15s. 8d. more than the senators of Western Australia for twelve months attendance ?
If these statements are correct, I should like also to ask whether there are any vacancies on the Wheat Board, and, if so, whether the Minister would bring before the proper authorities the claims of senators?
– I remind the honorable senator that in his last question he asked whether the statements contained in his questions were correct, and it is not permissible to make statements in asking a question.
– So far as I know, the answers to all but the last question put by the honorable senator should be in the affirmative. But as to the last question, suggesting that I should inform honorable senators of any existing vacancies on the Wheat Board, let me say that I think it is asking too much of human nature to suppose that if I knew of a vacancy for a profitable position like that I should be disposed to proclaim it from the housetops.
– (By-leave.) - I wish to make a personal explanation to the Senate. When I was speaking last Wednesday on the Sugar Purchase Bill, Senator Pratten interjected -
The honorable senator must be aware that up to 1919 Java sugar was much cheaper than the Australian product.
At the time I was under the impression that Senator Pratten referred only to the year immediately preceding 1919, and in reply I said that I had not contended that it was otherwise. I am afraid that this reply conveyed to the Senate a quite erroneous impression of the actual position. I, therefore, now desire to say briefly that in 1914, after the outbreak of war, the price of sugar f.o.b. Java was £20 per ton. Theprice received by Australian producers for that year’s output was £14 15s.11d. perton. In 1915, the average price paid by the Commonwealth Government for sugar purchased abroad was £18 4s. 4d. In 1916 it was £20 12s. 4d. The price paid for Australian raw sugar during 1915 and 1916 was £18 per ton. During the years 1914, 1915, and 1916; therefore, sugar was purchased in Australia- at a price on the average considerably below the prices ruling in other countries.
– I ask the Minister representing the Minister for Home and Territories, if it is permissible for a person to open a butcher’s shop in the Federal Territory in order to supply meat to the residents of that Territory?
– The honorable senator previously intimated his intention to ask this question, and I am now able to furnish him with the following reply : -
An Ordinance is in the course of preparation under which authority is granted to the Minister to issue butchers’ licences, but in the meantime no permits can be granted. It is anticipated that the Ordinance will -be in operation early in July next.
– I wish to ask the Minister for Defence, in view of the fact that some time ago 1,000 blankets were promised by the Defence Department to the benevolent society in Broken Hill for distribution amongst the distressed, and that until recently only 670 had been delivered to the society, whether the remainder have been forwarded, or, if not, are they still likely to be?
– Six hundred and seventy blankets were sent when the approval was given. I remind the honorable senator that they were a free gift. It was intended to obtain ‘the remainder from the New South Wales district, but it was found after some delay that that district had none left. In the meantime we had disposed of some 500 to the Home and Territories Department in South Australia for some purpose or other. It was found that that Department did not require them all. and negotiations were set on foot to see if we could get some back. After some delay we were successful, and 375 blankets - the balance - were sent from Adelaide yesterday.
That so much of the Standing and Sessional Orders be suspended as would prevent the Bill being passed through all its stages without delay.
I do this so that we may get straight on with the Bill, as it is practically the only business before the Senate.
– I think the ayes have it, but, in order to make sure that the statutory majority is in favour of the suspension of the Standing Orders without notice, the Senate will divide.
– There being the full statutory majority required voting in the affirmative, I declare the motion carried.
– I shall suspend the sitting until a quarter to 4 o’clock, to enable the Address-in-Reply to the Speech of His Excellency the Governor-General to be presented at Government House. I shall be glad if as many honorable senators as can find it convenient will accompany me.
– I have to report that, accompanied by honorable Ministers and honorable senators, I attended at Government House and presented to the Governor-General the Address-in-Reply which was adopted by the Senate. His Excellency was pleased to make the following reply: -
It gives me much pleasure to receive the Address which has been adopted by the Senate in reply to the speech which I delivered on the occasion of the opening of the First Session ofthe Eighth Commonwealth Parliament. I desire to thank you for your expression of loyalty to His’ Majesty the King.
Bill received from the House of Representatives, and (on motion by Senator Pearce) read a first time.
If consideration will be given to the statement of the Hobart Merchants’ Association that working expenses and the very much larger amount of capital now necessary, compared with that formerly required under former conditions, make the handling by Hobart merchants of sugar on a basis of 2 per cent. profit an unprofitable business, involving a loss of 1 per cent., and thata discount of 6 per cent. should be allowed?
In view of the profit on the telephone services shown in the ninth annual report of the Postmaster-General’s Department, and the recent report by the Chief Electrical Engineer regarding the admitted inefficiency of’ the telephone services in Sydney and suburbs, will the Acting Treasurer make an adequate advance to the Postmaster-General’s Department immediately, so that the funds needed may be made available to keep the above-mentioned telephone services in reasonable working order ?
– Large additional sums have already been made available to meet the more urgent works and supplies for telephone services, and authority has been given to the Postmaster-General’s Department to order further large supplies in anticipation of funds being provided next financial year.
What are the latest figures regarding stocks of wheat and flour held in each State according to the books of the Wheat Board?
What balances of the export contracts or. sales are yet to be shipped for - the British Government, the New Zealand Government, the Norwegian Government, others ?
What is the estimated stock adjustment yet to be made in order to bring the books of the Wheat Board into line with the actual stock of milling wheat in the Commonwealth?
What is the estimated wheat requirement of the Commonwealth for food, seed, &c., until 1st January next?
According to the latest figures supplied to the Wheat Board, the stocks of wheat and flour in each State are as follows: -
These figures provide for losses in New South Wales, Victoria, and Western Australia, but not in South Australia.
There are also certain private flour contracts still to be executed. The outstanding quantity has not yet been advised from the various States, but early notification is expected.
The milling wheat now held in the Commonwealth is mainly that of the seasons 1917-18, 1918-19, and 1919-20. New South Wales is the only State which has made any adjustment on the wheat of any of these seasons. Other States have not advised that adjustments are necessary.
Feed requirements will generally be supplied from 1916-17 wheat. The estimated consumption for human food till 1st January next is 19,500,000 bushels.
That this Bill be nowread a second time. This is a most important measure, because it deals with one of the vital necessities for the economic and industrial life of the Commonwealth. The principle embodied in the measure is a new one to Commonwealth activities, because its object is to bring about a partnership between the Commonwealth Government and a private business company. Not many words are needed from me to prove the wisdom of making provision for the Commonwealth requirements in regard to oil. The recent war demonstrated that, for defence purposes alone, oil is the prime necessity. It is the life-blood of the Navy. Without oil a modern navy could not exercise in peace or fight in war. Coal, of course, is a substitute for naval purposes, but all the modern war vessels are built for oil fuel, and in regard to that new arm of the service, I refer to aviation, oil is an essential. In my judgment aviation is destined to play a most important part, not for defence purposes only, but in the commercial development of this country. I speak, of course, as an amateur, but I have given some study to the subject, and during my recent visit to the “United Kingdom I had opportunities of conferring with leading men in the air world there, and I know they think there is a greater future for commercial aviation in Australia than, possibly, any other place in the world. Its wide spaces and configuration lend themselves to the development of aviation, for which oil fuel is a prime necessity. The manufacturing world, also, is becoming more and more dependent on oil for power purposes. Petrol is coming more and more into use for transport vehicles. Those who have visited the Old World must have noted the tremendous progress made during the last few years in motor-driven vehicles, and on this subject a few figures will, no doubt, be instructive. In 1910 the consumption of oil in Australia was 25,725,000 gallons; in 1914-15, 43,000,000 gallons, and 1918-19, 51,000,000 gallons; the quantity being practically doubled in ten years. In the face of these figures. I think it is not at all a wild prophecy that the next ten years will see an even greater increase in the ratio. For our naval purposes in 1910 the consumption was 1,000 tons; in 1914-15, 10,000 tons, and in 1919-20, 50,000 tons, the increase being fifty times within ten years.
As to our sources of supply I may mention that, with a bonus of 21/4d. per gallon, we are producing 2,800,000 gallons of shale oil per annum. The crude oil required by the Commonwealth comes from the United States, America, Mexico, Russia, Roumania, Dutch East Indies and Persia. Practically the whole of the supply coming to Australia at present is in the hands of private companies, and these may be broadly grouped under three headings, namely, the Standard Oil Company, the Royal Dutch Shell Group, and the Anglo-Persian Company. The principal suppliers to Australia are the Standard Oil Company, the Shell Group and the Texas Oil Company. Out of 5,811,824 gallons of residual or fuel oil imported into the Commonwealth during the year ended June, 1919, all but 40,000 gallons were supplied by the Shell Groups while out of 7,444,097 gallons of lubricating oil, all but 100,000 gallons came from the American companies. Again, out of 16,672,963 gallons of kerosene and burning oils 14,548,123 gallons came from the United States and from the companies operating there.
As showing how prices have operated, the figures I am about to give will prove interesting. The average price per unit of quantity as delivered at the Customs was, for petroleum spirit, including benzine, petrol, &c., 9.95d. in 1910, 13.58d. in 1914-15, and 20.72d in 1918-19; for lubricating oils,11.15d. in 1910, 11.35d. in 1914-15, and 23.21d. in 1918-19; residual oil 2.46d. in 1910, 2.87d. in 1914-15 and 3.31d. in 1918-19; solar oil 5.11d. in 1910, 5.58d. in 1914-15 and 19.14d. in 1918-19. It has to be remembered that residual oil is the oil we use for the surface ships of our navy, whilst solar oil is used by our submarines. The prices I have given are those for entry at the Customs. 1 come now to the prices on. the Australian market. They are as follow: - Benzine ls. 3£d. per gallon in 1911, ls. 9£d. in 1914, 2s. Hid. in 1918 and 3s. 5£d. in 1920; motor spirit ls. 5 3/4 d. in 1911,-ls. 11 1/2 d. in 1914, 3s. lid. in 1918 and 3s. 7d. in 1920; kerosene ls. lid. per gallon in 1911, ls. 3£d. in 1914, 2s. 3d. in 1918 and 2s. 3id. in ,1920; lubricating oils, low grade, ls. 6d. per gallon in 1911, ls. 9d. in 1914, 4s. in 1918 and 4s. in 1920; high grade 3s. 6d. per gallon in 1911, 3s. lOd. in 1914, 6s. 6d. in 1918 and 7s. in 1920; fuel oil 95s. per ton in 1911, 105s. in 1914, 158s. 6d. in 1918, and 190s. in 1920. The Australian Navy prices were as follow: £3 os. to £3 10s. per ton in 1910, £4 5s. to £4 10s. per ton in 1914, and £9 10s. to £10 peE - ton in 1920. Its requirements are 50,000 tons annually, so that the extra cost for the present year over that of 1914 is more than £200,000 for the Navy alone.
The following is the history of the Anglo-Persian -Company, so far as we ara concerned. In 1913, a Bill was introduced and passed by the British Parliament, under which Britain became possessed of a controlling interest in the company, which has a capital of £20,000,000. Its issued capital amounts to £17,500,000, which is made up of 5 per cent, debentures, £5,000,000 ; 6 per cent, participating preferential shares, £5,000,000; and £7,500,000 of ordinary shares. The debentures carry no voting powers, but the ordinary shares carry two votes per share. The total votes ‘number 20,000,000. The British Government hold 10,001,000 votes on account of 5,000,000 ordinary and 1,000 preference shares. The Imperial Government invested in the company, a sum of £5,000,000, and its holding to-day is estimated to be worth £50,000,000.
– They hold 10,001,000 votes on account of 5,000,000 ordinary shares, out of a total of £7,500,000 worth of ordinary shares.
Timor, Mesopotamia, Africa, Trinidad, and Borneo. It possesses a fleet of tank steamers totalling 230,000 tons, which will shortly be increased to 500,000 tons, and which will then be worth £15,000,000. All shares in the parent company, other than those ‘ owned by the. Government, are owned by British citizens. That is an important factor to remember.
The agreement itself provides that a company is to be formed with a capital of £500,000, of which the Commonwealth is to find £250,001, and the Anglo-Persian Company £249,999. The company is to erect a refinery in Australia, and is to supply 200,000 tons of crude oil per annum to be refined here. That oil will, of course, be replaced by crude oil within the Commonwealth if such should be discovered either here or in the Territories that we control. The estimated output of the refinery is as follows: - 40,000 tons of benzine, 33,000 tons of kerosene, 9,045 tons of lubricating oil, 72,000 tons of fuel oil, 4,500 tons of wax, and 9,000 tons of pitch. These commodities, other than fuel oil, are equal to only half of the Commonwealth requirements. The only commodity which will be produced? by the refinery in excess of what the Commonwealth can consume will be that of fuel oil. In that, there will be a surplus for export; but nobody doubts that there is a market within easy reach of Australia for all the fuel oil that we can produce. The Commonwealth is to be entitled to one-half of the refining profits. I desire to draw honorable senators’ attention to the fact that while it can be said that the Commonwealth owns a little over one-half of the shares and the company the other half, iti has to be remembered that of the company’s onehalf only one-quarter interest is in private hands - and that is British - and the other quarter is held bv the British Government, so that it can be said that really ‘three-quarters of the shares are held either by the Commonwealth or the Imperial Government, and the other quarter by private persons. Provision is made for the Government to resume the works after a period of fifteen years, .and the conditions under which the resumption can be made are fully set out in the agreement embodied in the Bill.
Provision is also made for the development of the crude oil industry in Australia and Papua, but not in this agreement. The Government, by ‘other ar- rangements, are prepared to assist in the discovery and development of crude oil fields both- in the Commonwealth and in Papua, or German New Guinea. Honorable senators are aware, that steps- have already been taken to discover oil in Papua, and,, although it has been said that much money has been wasted there-, I do not admit it, as we have not expended more in searching for oil in that Territory than has. been spent on other oil fields in other parts of the world before payable discoveries were made. If we had been fortunate enough to have discovered oil at the outset the money spent would have been a mere bagatelle as compared with the value of the discovery. That oil is there has been demonstrated, but we have not yet been able to ascertain whether it exists in payable commercial quantities. That can only be proved by boring at the right spots and to the proper depths. In various centres the Standard Oil Trust and other corporations have spent enormous sums in unsuccessful attempts to discover oil in payable commercial quantities.
During the visit of the Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes) and the Minister for the Navy (Sir Joseph Cook) to Great Britain overtures were made by them to the British Admiralty for the Admiralty to take a financial interest in the exploitation of the Papuan oil fields, which they agreed to do, and to jointly share the expense with the Commonwealth. The Anglo-Persian Company has been brought into this, not as a part owner or as a concern with any financial interest, but merely as our agents to be used jointly by the Admiralty and the Government in exploiting that field. If. it is successful it does- not give the Anglo-Persian Oil Company any ownership rights whatever, as it is merely an arrangement between the Commonwealth Government and the Admiralty.
The Government some time ago offered a reward of £10,000 to any one who could discover oil in Australia in commercial quantities.
– It is npt paying anything but is merely acting as agents for the Admiralty and the Commonwealth, who are- jointly bearing the expense, although we are utilizing the services of the experts attached to the Anglo-Persian Oil Company’s staff. The company has no proprietary rights whatever in the event of oil being discovered. As I have already stated, the Government have offered a reward of £10,000 for the person who discovers oil in the Commonwealth, and honorable senators are aware that the Prime Minister has recently announced that the Government will increase that amount to £50,000 if oil is discovered in payable commercial quantities. Whether that is the best way to stimulate discovery, or whether it will be effective, is a matter upon which I know there are differences of opinion. It has been suggested that it would, be preferable to pay a subsidy of so much per foot for boring, but it has to be remembered that when companies are formed for the purpose of prospecting for oil they do not always operate on the best advice. I know of a case where a company expended large sums of money in defiance of the best geological advice. It is, therefore, felt that if we paid a subsidy of so much per foot for boring, we might be encouraging the unnecessary expenditure of a large sum of money without achieving any beneficial results. It is felt that if people in the Commonwealth believe they have reasonable ground for spending money in searching for oil, and they discover it, in addition to the value of the find, they will have £50,000, which” will he a distinct advantage and enable them to proceed with the work.
– No, because it provides that the crude oil discovered shall be handled by the refinery, and it will thus replace supplies from other sources. It frequently happens that when a company has been searching for oil, and has made a discovery, its capital is exhausted, and that, although it is at the door of Paradise, as it were, it is unable to enter owing to the lack of capital. In such cases the promoters of such enterprises have to share their privileges with others who have not spent ‘anything. The payment of a bonus of £50,000 would probably put a company in the position to reap the whole of the benefits.
The agreement is subject to ratification by Parliament, and it may be argued that this is in some way likely to injure the shale-oil industry in Australia, but that is not the view of the Government. Parliament has already shown its desire to assist the shale-oil industry by the bounty provision it has made in the past, and which will continue. It is the intention of the Government to do what they can, subject, of course, to the will of Parliament, to assist the shale-oil industry. But if it be argued that the refining of this oil in Australia is likely to injure in some way the shale-oil industry, it can only be as a result of the shale oil, even with the assistance of a. bounty, being unable to compete with the oil produced in this way. If that is so, is it worth while encouraging an industry and bolstering it up in such a way that it will injure other industries depending upon oil for their success or failure ? I do not hold out any such claims concerning our shale-oil deposits in the Commonwealth. In Great Britain to-day this powerful Anglo-Persian Oil Company is operating, and yet the production of shale oil is going on in that country side by side with the refining of crude oil by the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, and that, too, without any Government assistance at all. I am told that we have deposits of shale in the Commonwealth equal, if not superior, to the Scottish shales that are being successfully worked in Great Britain.If that be so, in view of the assistance given to the production of shale oil in Australia it should be possible for us, not only to develop the refining of crude oil, but also to promote the progress of the shale-oil industry in this country.
The substance of the agreement is, of course, contained in its details. Honorable senators might agree with the principle of making such an agreement, but might at the same time consider that its provisions would not give effect to what they consider vital in the interests of this country. I think, however, that if they will closely examine this agreement they will find that the position of the Commonwealth is fully safeguarded.
First of all, in paragraph 3 it will be seen that the Commonwealth is to maintain its proportion of holding in the event of any increase of capital, though it only nominates three out of seven directors, whilst the Anglo-Persian Company nominates four.
– Yes, that is so. I point out that the directors are charged with the business management of this concern, but certain limitations in regard to its policy are im,oosed upon them by provisions contained in the agreement, and in holding the majority of the shares the Commonwealth will always be in a position to control the direction of things affecting the enterprise that are not expressly provided for in the agreement.
We have no experience in the handling of this business. We have no officers who have had any training in this regard. We have no technical experts who could advise us as to the technical arrangement of such a business. It is, therefore, wise that, whilst fully protecting the rights and business interests of the Commonwealth, we should secure to ourselves the benefit of that superior knowledge, technical and’ otherwise, that comes from the long experience of the Anglo-Persian Company and the assembling by it of the technical experts who comprise its staff. There is, therefore, no danger to be apprehended from the fact that a majority of the directors are to be representatives of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, especially when we remember’ that the directors will represent shares the majority of which are the property, not of any private interests at all, but of the Australian Government.
There are certain reservations as to the ‘ classes of subjects in connexion with which Commonwealth approval of action must be obtained in any case. These cover questions of policy, naval and military defence questions, change in the constitution of the company, and sale of products on long contracts, or in any other way, so as to prejudice the agreement. Again, the company must not enter any Trust or Combine, and must remain a British company. Though the technical management will be in the hands of the AngloPersian Company, these things which are vital from the point of view of the Commonwealth will be controlled by us, either under the agreement or by the controlling , power which our interest as the majority shareholder will give us.
Paragraphs 8 to 13 contain provisions for regulating the acquisition and supply of crude oil and the refined product. Paragraph 14 gives protection against dumping and unfair competition by legislative or other means. Here I would say that at first blush some of these provisions may seem to be rather extraordinary, but we have to remember that this company will he subjected to tremendous competition from outside interests. Honorable (senators who have read any economic history at all know well how powerful, insidious, and determined that competition may be, and how many strings can be pulled by those from whom it may be expected. To see that this enterprise is established in the Commonwealth in the face of any competition, we must be prepared, if the necessity should arise - and of that the Commonwealth is to be the judge - to protect it against opposition. Let me add that the opposition will be foreign and not British opposition. It will be from interests outside the Empire. The sources from which it will come will be such that no legislation of ours can control or affect them in any way.
– No, I do not. I mean arrangements which for a time might give us cheap oil in order to destroy the local competitor, so that the outsiders might subsequently have our market to themselves. That is the well-known policy of the Standard Oil Company and other oil interests.
– That is so. In paragraph 15 of the agreement, there 5 3 provision to regulate and safeguard the shareholding interest of the parties. In paragraph 16 the steps to be taken to exercise the option of the Commonwealth to take oyer the business are fully set out in legal form. In paragraph 17 it is provided that the Anglo-Persian Oil Company shall act as marketing agents of the product of the refinery outside the Commonwealth. This is entirely in our interests, since it gives us the services of an organized company with world-wide experience for the marketing of our products outside Australia, and whatever profits they make the Commonwealth will share with the company.
To sum up, it seems to me that, apart from the advantages to which I have specifically referred, the general advantages under the agreement will be the establishment of oil refining in Australia, which will give us not only the refined oil we require, but subsidiary products of the greatest importance to many of the industries of the Commonwealth. So long as the refining of crude oil is carried on outside the Commonwealth, and not within our boundaries, all those by-products arc lost to us, or we must buy them at an increased price. Consequently, in competition in the markets of the world our manufacturers using those by-products in their industries are at a great disadvantage as compared with manufacturers in other countries who can obtain local supplies of those by-products.
I think that most of us long ago shed the pessimism which we may have had that the time would never come when the Commonwealth could go out into the markets of the world with its manufactures. I am confident to-day that the Commonwealth has as good a chance in the outside markets of the world as has any other country on earth. Now that labour conditions are becoming equalled in all countries, the world is open to our products. Surely it is to our interest, and a good economic policy, that we should give our manufacturers a home supply of all the products which they work up into manufactures that they desire to export to other parts of the world.
There is a general advantage arising from the part-ownership and joint control of a great industry essential to our progress. It is unthinkable that the Commonwealth should enter into an agreement with a foreign company or with any of the companies dealing in’ oil to which I have referred, that have no interest in’ the British Empire, whose holdings are outside the Empire, that are under no form of control by the British Empire, and whose legislative authority is not controlled by any Legislature within the Empire. Here we have a company that is wholly British and, what is of great importance to my mind, which comes under the legislative power of Great Britain wherever it is operating. Even in Persia, owing to a treaty recently entered into, the power of the British law can operate through diplomatic channels. It seems to me that no other company could he considered ou an equality with the AngloPersian Company if we were contemplating throwing open the prospect of such an agreement to the world.
We shall have under the agreement an effective voice in the supply of crude and refined oil, and in fixing the price. If honorable senators will examine the provisions of the schedule regulating prices they will see that the control of the Commonwealth is not a nominal, but a real and effective, one.
I submit as the last, but by no means the least, consideration that we have under this agreement an opportunity of acquiring for the Commonwealth, and under its control, the vast technical experience of this great world-wide company. That is surely worth something. If it were the policy of the Government to establish a refinery of its own, it could not make a start with any such advantage. It would have to buy its experience, and we know that for Governments that is _ always a costly matter. It would have to go into the world to compete against these rich and powerful companies to obtain its experts. It would have to build up an organization in the face of fierce competition. Outside the borders of Australia it would be under great disadvantages. Under the agreement we get this expert technical advice, the experience of the Anglo-Persian Company, with its worldwide organization, and under conditions which, it seems to me, are absolutely safe from the point of view of the Commonwealth taxpayer, advantageous from the point of view of the consumer, and of immense value to the Commonwealth as a whole.
.- Recognising the great importance which the production of oil is to Australia, I welcome any movement by which the oil we require may be obtained. I cannot help thinking at the same time that the policy which the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) referred to in the concluding words of his very able speech would have been the better policy for Australia to adopt. It must riot be inferred that I am going to oppose this agreement, though I shall try in Committee to make it more watertight. I shall support the agreement whilst expressing the view that something better might have been done. The Government seem to me to be undertaking to supply us with jugged hare, without observing the first principle of the recipe, namely, “ catch your hare.” The first essential to the permanent welfare of Australia is to obtain sufficient quantities either from natural wells or shale deposits of crude oil within, the Commonwealth. Holding as we all do, and as I know the Government do, the belief that we are going to find supplies of oil in Australia, I say it would have been better if the Government could have made arrangements, during the interim between the present t:me and the discovery of adequate supplies of oil in Australia, to have obtained the crude oil we require from this Anglo-Persian Company. I do not know whether such an effort has been made, and has failed. If it has, of course, there is a greater justification for the agreement; but I do think that, before it was entered into, and a copartnership on the part of ‘ the Government with the company arranged for the refining of oil, the Government should have made a special effort to obtain the necessary crude oil - 200,000 tons, or whatever is required per annum - and erected their own refinery, so that when in the course of their explorations they were able to produce their own crude oil, no one else would participate in the industry. I suppose one is excusable for treating any business connexion with those interested in oil with a certain amount of suspicion. It is all very well to say that the Anglo-Persian Oil Company is Britishowned and controlled. So far as concerns the British Government controlling the operations of this company, those contentions are all right; but I am afraid we should be living in a fool’s paradise were we to rely absolutely upon speculators in oil simply because they were of British extraction or British nationality. My opinion as regards this class of gentlemans is that they are out for the accumulation of the dollar, the sovereign, or the rupee, and to convert it into the coin of their own realm, no matter where they can obtain it. Although, of course, to the extent that the British Government controls this company it may make us -a little lenient towards the agreement, yet we must not accept that as a sufficient safeguard for Australia without making the agreement thoroughly watertight and safe so far as our interests are concerned.
I am of the opinion! - and I hope I am not doing any one an injustice in so thinking - that the most suspicious of us do not realize the extent to which the different oil kings of the world have gone in order to prevent the development of oil in Australia. I have seen several instances where it has been most remarkable that everything has been done to prevent the successful exploration of our oil deposits. Let me cite two, for example, in which an effort was made to develop the shale oil resources of Australia. Of one of them I have not had personal experience. I refer to the Walgan Valley, New South Wales. In that case certain investors raised something like £1,000,000, and a mau was employed to manage and develop the show.
– I did not know. I am speaking generally. That gentleman, having considerable power under the company, set about to expend the money in a most extraordinary way. Railways were constructed round cliffs and crags to the wrong side of the hill, and the company, when the whole of their money was expended, found that they had not developed a single’ ton of oil.
– Whether it was a hard or an easy place to develop, the money was deliberately wasted . For what purpose? In my opinion - and I hope I am not doing the gentleman who was responsible for the undertaking an injustice! - he was im the pay of the oil kings.
Again, in my own State - and I think there is an honorable senator present who knows more about this than I do - a few investors undertook to develop a well.known! and proved deposit. They were advised by an oil expert, who had severed his connexion with the great oil combinations, nhat a very limited capital would be required. It was within the power of those gentlemen to raise, probably, quite easily £50,000, but they were advised by him that £10,000 would be ample. He was appointed manager. The shale deposit at Latrobe, ‘Tasmania, occurs in an elbow of the river. He set to work. He placed his retorts at a certain level, and then, instead of driving an adit to the shale deposit, and trucking his shale out so that it would gravitate to the retorts, he placed a haulage railway over the top of the hill, started operations on the other side of the hill, got out the shale, and hauled it over the hill and down to the retorts. No practical miner in Australia, setting to work to develop the shale, would have developed it in that way. The result was that before the company began to produce anything at all, the whole of their money was expended.Nothing will convince me that that gentleman was npt also in the pay of the Oil Combines, who are endeavouring to prevent the development of oil in Australia.
These experiences make one very suspicious in dealing with any proposition -in which oil companies are involved. I am also rather surprised that the Government has not at least done a little more to assist in the development of one of these shows. A short time ago an effort was made by the Tasmanian Government to undertake the development of this particular shale oil deposit themselves. On that occasion the Government got a contract from the Federal Navy Department for the supply of 13,000 tons of oil per annum at 75s. per ton, which was very reasonable indeed, considering the statement made to-day by the Minister for Defence that they are now paying from £9 to £10 per ton for the same oil. The oil from the experimental retorts of this particular deposit has been proved equal in calorific value to any oil produced in the world. That proposition was defeated by the Legislative Council of Tasmania, but subsequently there was every reason to believe that the Council had obtained wisdom in the meantime, and that they would reverse their action. I have the following letter, written by the Acting Prime Minister (Mr. Watt) on the 19th September, 19 IS, to the Premier of Tasmania : -
With reference to your letter of 2nd July, regarding the Railton-Latrobe shale-oil proposition, I desire to inform you that this, matter was fully considered by the Board of Trade, who could not see their way to recommend the proposal that the Commonwealth should take over the undertaking under the War Precautions Act.
The question of renewing the agreement made on 10th November, 1916, between your Government and the Minister for the Navy to take 8,000 tons of liquid oil fuel per annum for a period of eight years at 75s. per ton, has also received full consideration, but in view of the fact that under present conditions it is not anticipated that the naval requirements would exceed 1,500 tons per annum-
That is very much less than the quantity outlined by the Minister to-day - and that arrangements have already been made for the supply of 1,000 tons of oil fuel for delivery at Garden Island, the Government regrets that it is unable to see its way to renew the agreement, or to acquire the property.
I believe that had the Government renewed that agreement at the time, the actual production of considerable quantities of crude, oil would now be established in Tasmania. I very much regret that the agreement was not renewed at a time when there was every likelihood of the Government of Tasmania being able to undertake the proposition.
I wish briefly to refer to the agreement embodied in this Bill. I have every confidence- in the Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes), and in the legal ability of his chief adviser, Sir Robert Garran. But it has been my mis- fortune, on several occasions, to differ from other gentlemen learned in the law, and on two occasions, at least, my “ horse sense “ has proved right. Hence, although I have the fullest confidence in the ability of both those men, who are responsible for this agreement, I venture the opinion that perhaps it can be improved. I notice that so far as the Commonwealth is concerned, it is provided that several very important matters cannot be interfered with except with the concurrence of the Commonwealth’s representatives on the Board. I cannot understand where the advantage comes in of the Commonwealth holding a majority of one share in the company while it has only three-sevenths of the representation on the directorate. It is on the director- ate that the actual business is done, and the constitution or articles of association cannot alter the Government’s representation on it. Hence, for all practical purposes, the Government will be in a minority on those questions with which it is competent for the directorate to deal.
– Administration, which embraces a very wide area. It is perfectly right for the directors to have the balance of power, but, although safeguards are contained in sub-clause d (iv) of clause 3, clause 5 places all the technical and commercial management entirely in the hands of the Refinery Company. Does not this cover everything, and does it hotnullify the power given to the Government in sub-clause d (iv) of clause 3?
– They will have very little power if all the technical and commercial management of the concern is in the hands of the Refinery Company. The only restriction in the agreement is that the oil shall be sold at a fair and reasonable price, but there is no mention as to who will determine this point.
– The honorable senator might as well say that the electors are the largest shareholders in the Commonwealth, but members of this Parliament are in the same position as a board of directors, and although the vast majority of the electors may be opposed to certain action, about to be taken by Parliament, they are powerless against the majority of members in both Houses.
– Yes, after the damage has been done. And they may replace us with other members of the same class in much the same way as the directors on this proposed company may be replaced. The company will still have the right to four-sevenths of the directors on the Board, so it is no use arguing that the Commonwealth can determine this question of price. Apart from that, if it can be shown that the Government could define what is a fair and reasonable price, there are other questions, notably connected with the commercial side of this business, that will be absolutely in the hands of the Refinery Company.
– The agreement says that the price for crude oil must not be greater than that charged to the British Government.
– That may be all right so far as crude oil is concerned, but there is nothing in the agreement giving the Commonwealth, as the largest shareholder, power to exercise a determining voice in the administration of the company.
– Is not the agreement designed to place the administration in the hands of the company, and not of the Commonwealth?
– Yes, and that being so, why should the Commonwealth be a shareholder at all? What is the use of going into partnership with any body of men, and investing an equal amount of money, if administrative control is to be in the hands of one partner only?
– If the honorable senator will peruse the agreement again, and read carefully sub-clause d (iv) of clause 3, he will better appreciate what I am saying. That sub-clause states - that no action or question or decision relating to or affecting -
any proposed sale of refined products on long contracts or under circumstances which might endanger the ability of the Refinery Companyto meet requirements for consumption within Australia: shall be taken, determined, or made without the consent of the Commonwealth as expressed through its representatives on the Board of Directors.
The technical and commercial management of the Refinery Company shall be left entirely in the hands of the Refinery Company.
– But surely the honorable senator realizes that the clause annuls all that is set out in sub-clause d (iv) of clause 3?
I would like the Minister to agree to amend the agreement by adding a new sub-paragraph to sub-clause d (iv) of clause 3 to the following effect: -
This will provide that any increase in the price of the refined product must havethe concurrence of the Australian representatives on the board of directors.
– Of course.I am not troubled at present about the export price. I think, also, it would be wise to strike out the words “ and commercial” from clause 5, so that only the technical management of the concern will be left entirely in the hands of the Refinery Company.
– Yes. I think this side of the business should be exclusively in the hands of the company, but I do not want the commercial side of the business to pass from the control of the Commonwealth.
– No. But more than the question of price is involved. I may say that, rightly or wrongly. I am suspicious of oil kings, whether British,
American, or Dutch, and, therefore, I want this agreement to thoroughly safeguard the interests of the people. The principal object of the Government in entering upon this agreement is to obtain the advantage of the long experience and technical knowledge of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company. That being so, it is perfectly right that we should leave the scientific management of the enterprise exclusively in their hands. We are not called upon to lose control of the commercial side, which embraces everything in connexion with trade.
Coming now to the question of the repurchase of the business by the Government. I was struck bv the Minister’s statement that the British Government invested in the Anglo-Persian Company somewhere about £5,000,000, and to-day the investment is worth, approximately, £50,000,000. The assets of all corpo-ration’s authorized by Governments to carry out certain public utilities appreciate after a certain period as the result of community-created values, and I maintain that this value should not belong exclusively to ally company. Some years ago a company was given authority to operate a tram system in Hobart, and the expenditure on the enterprise was about £80,000. When eventually, the municipality repurchased the system, the company had the right, under the Act, to claim’ about £200,000, of which amount £120,000 represented value created by the people of Hobart, owing to the extension of the city and all its conveniences.
– The point is that the municipality had to pay £200,000 for what originally cost £8*0,000. If we are going to refine oil we should either do it ourselves or see that the communitycreated value attaching to the enterprise does not wholly find its way into the pockets of the people who embark upon it.
In another Compa’ny Bill with which I was intimately associated, provision was made that at the expiration of twentyone years the Government should have the right to repurchase the whole of the company’s assets for an amount equal to plus 20 per cent, of the actual expenditure upon the undertaking. That measure passed through both Houses of the Tasmanian Parliament, and I believe that the provision in question represents a wise innovation in regard to private companies.
Clause 16 of the agreement which is contained in the schedule to this Bill provides that at ‘the end of fifteen years the Commonwealth shall have the right to purchase the whole of the assets and interests of the company, and that if the two parties do not agree, two arbitrators shall be appointed, one by the company .and the other by the Commonwealth. If these arbitrators are unable to agree, they will be obliged to appoint a third arbitrator, whose decision as regards the price to be paid by the Commonwealth for the company’s interests shall be final. I should like, after the word “ conclusive,” in sub-clause e of clause 16 of the agreement, to insert the following words : -
But the price paid shall not exceed 49 per cent, of an amount calculated by adding 20 per cent, to the amount expended by the company for land, buildings, and equipment. If the buildings and equipment are not in a state of repair satisfactory to the Commonwealth, then an amount sufficient to place them in such repair shall be deducted from the moneys payable to the company.
This proposal, if adopted, will prevent the community-created value attaching to the enterprise from finding its way wholly into the pockets of the company. The Commonwealth, having through its people, created a tremendous increase in the value of the undertaking, ought, obviously, to share in that increased value. But in order to insure that effect shall be given to my proposal, I suggest the insertion of a new sub-clause, which will read -
Vouchers shall be deposited by the company with the Auditor-General from time to time showing the full amount of expenditure by the company upon land, buildings, and equipment, and such vouchers’ shall be considered conclusive evidence of the amount so expended.
– It will be idle for the Commonwealth representatives on the directorate to look after things if they have mo power to enforce their judgment. Under this proposal, if at the expiration of fifteen years the expenditure of £500,000 has created a value of £10,000,000, assuming that the arbitrators appointed by the company and the Government agree as to that value, the Commonwealth will have to pay the company £5,000,000 for the purchase of its interest in the enterprise. That being so, the company will receive during the fifteen years’ currency of the agreement, not only its share of the profits of the undertaking, but also, as a final dividend for the purchase of its interest in the concern, all the added value I have indicated.
– Suppose that the Commonwealth desired to sell its interest, would it not be a fair thing that it should ask a similar amount?
– I have mo doubt that the company may put that proposition up to the Government when the Commonwealth seeks to buy it out.
– If the Minister puts up that proposition to the company and the company says, “ We will agree to it, provided that, if at the end of fifteen years, we want to buy the Commonwealth out, it will treat us in a similar fashion,” their proposal would be a fair one. But it is not likely that the company will wish to buy out the Commonwealth. It is much more probable that the Commonwealth, having obtained a supply of crude oil from its own territories, will be anxious to buy out the company. I intend to ask honorable senators to agree with my proposal, and if the company decline to assent to it, although I recognise the importance of developing the oil industry in Australia, I think it will be better for us to wait a little’ longer rather than to enter into this agreement.’
I have nothing further to add to my remarks. I have made certain suggestions, and I hope that every honorable senator, realizing that this may mark the beginning of the development of a very big industry in Australia, will make every effort, even at ‘the risk of retarding the progress of this particular enterprise, to safeguard the interests of the Commonwealth.
Senator PRATTEN (New South Wales)’ 5.19 J. - It is, I think, a very happy coincidence that i his Parliament is now engaged in the discussion of a proposition relating to the use of fuel oil, the foundation of which was laid by one of our own residents, if not one of our own citizens. It will be remembered that some years ago Mr. W. Knox D’Arcy spent a good deal of money and incurred many risks in looking for oil around the Persian Gulf, and that, as the result of his labours, the Empire possesses to-day perhaps one of its most valuable acquisitions.- I think that Australia is very deeply indebted to the Government for their endeavour to solve the oil problem. The oil industry is a key industry and one which is of overwhelming importance to the people of Australia. To those of us who have perhaps been criticising the Government in connexion with the development of cur .oil resources in New Guinea and who have complained from time to time of the money which has been wasted there, it is satisfactory to learn that even while we were engaged in that criticism, the Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes), in England, had not only conceived, but was elaborating a scheme, which, I hope, will prove to be the successful solution of our oil troubles. This is the age of the internal combustion engine, which will not go without oil. I agree with the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce), who said this afternoon that the future fuel of our Navy is oil. I believe, too, that the chief and primary reason -why the Admiralty is cooperating with us in this matter is not merely to help Australia to solve the oil problem, but to develop oil depots for naval use right round the Empire. Despite the expenditure of some hundreds of thousands, if not millions of pounds,, in an attempt to supply the whole of our oil requirements from shale within the Commonwealth, we are to-day importing 95 per cent, of the motor fuel that we need. The Minister has told us that our oil requirements to-day as compared with our requirements in the year 1910 have doubled. To-day they are more than 50,000,000 gallons per annum as compared with about 25,000,000 gallons in 1910. If the opinions of Admiral Lord Fisher, late First Lord of the Admiralty, are worth anything, and if there is any significance in the fact that many of our mercantile marine liners are now being built to consume oil fuel, or are being converted to the use of that fuel, the requirements of fuel oil in Australia in the not distant future will again be doubled. So that this Bill is overwhelmingly important to the people of the Commonwealth in almost every direction, and the Government are to be congratulated upon a stroke of business which, though it is not of a spectacular character, will ultimately solve the oil problem, not only to the benefit of our own oil consumers, but also to that of our mercantile marine and of the Empire’s defence. “We all know that recently there has been an oil “squeeze” in progress. The Inter-State Commission has told us that. In the Mother Country an investigation has been conducted into the question of the risk of a petrol famine there, and it may interest honorable senators to note a few of the many conclusions at which the Committee which was appointed for this purpose arrived. Their first conclusion was -
That powerful financial interests are taking advantage of the deficiency of motor fuel to raise prices.
That the concentration of control of prices in two enormously powerful Combines, practically world-wide in their scope, constitutes a power so dangerous, should it happen to be improperly used, that prompt international action is imperative.
Exactly the same applies to Australia. The third conclusion was that the two main groups concerned were the Standard Oil Company and theRoyal Dutch-Shell Group. The Commission further states -
An exorbitant profit is being procured by the producer or the refiner of petrol at present market prices. Petrol sold at £23 per ton f.o.b. New York shows grossly excessive profits.
These are some of the conclusions arrived at by the Central Profiteering Committee on the petrol position in Great Britain, and its findings can bo applied to the present position in Aus tralia. What has been going on in England ? . What is the state of affairs that has resulted in such drastic conclusions as those I have quoted being arrived at? The retail price of petrol in England is 3s. per gallon, which includes an Excise duty of 6d. per gallon; but the price in Australia is from 3s. 3d. to 3s. 6d. per gallon, without any Excise duty at all. I understand we are drawing the bulk of our supplies from the Dutch East Indies, only one-third of the distance from our consumers as compared’ with the consumers in the United Kingdom. Bad as is the State of affairs in England with petrol at 3s. per gallon, including an Excise duty of 6d., how much worse is it in Australia, where it is retailed at from 3s. 3d. to 3s. 6d. per gallon, without any Excise duty being paid into the Commonwealth revenue?
– Exactly. The position was so bad that the Profiteering Committee damningly criticised the suppliers in its recent report on petrol prices. But it is infinitely worse in Australia, and the Government are therefore fully justified in submitting this agreement for our approval.
I understand that the two powerful Combines, that have Australia in their grip in the matter of oil supplies, do not pay very much, if anything, in income and. excess profits taxes. As a representative of the State of New South Wales, I most heartily and strongly support this measure, which has been introduced, not for the purpose of giving control of our oil resources to the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, but for entering into a partnership with the company in order to erect a plant for refining 200,000 tons of crude oil per annum, which the company practically guarantees to supply without interfering in any way with the discovery of indigenous oil within Australian territory. Seeing that the British Government practically holds one-half of the AngloPersian Oil Company’s shares, and that this agreement will enable the Commonwealth Government to hold onehalf interest in the refining and distributing business, we havea partnership in this venture of one-half interest owned by the people through the Government, one-quarter interest owned by the British Government, and the remaining one-quarter by the private shareholders of the Anglo- Persian Company. So far as I can test the agreement, both on the utterances of the Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes) in another place, by the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) in this chamber, and the agreement itself, it does not give a monopoly to anybody. The agreement is merely for the purpose of erecting a refining plant and distributing the oil to the people of the Commonwealth at a fair and reasonable price. I am prepared to accept the agreement so far as the words ‘ ‘ fair and’ reasonable ‘ ‘ are concerned, because I cannot conceive of anything happening under it that would be nearly so bad as our present position. Gentlemen representing these two powerful world-wide interests have attended various tribunals - both Federal and State - in connexion with the price of oil, and, in effect, have stated that if we do not agree to their prices they will not supply the product.
– That has been their threat, and we have had the revolver of the commercial burglar deliberately pointed at us. Now that the agreement has been placed before Parliament, there is some prospect of the people of Australia getting outside the octopus-like grip of these two great corporations.
The agreement will not prevent people boring or testing country for oil within Australian territory. It will not hamper the development of our shale oil deposits, if they are likely to be commercially profitable, and will not prevent .parties going from north to south or from east to west in search of oil. If those who search should be successful, they will not be prevented from selling oil on the Australian market, and any arrangement made by the Government with the AngloPersian Oil Company will not disturb their rights, provided they are prepared to sell it at a fair and reasonable price. On the figures available, it seems that this is only the commencement of what will be a much larger key industry than we imagine. From the figures given by the Minister for Defence in connexion with our internal consumption, it would appear that if the plant is kept going full time and refines 200,000 tons of crude oil per annum, it will not be able to supply the Commonwealth with approxi mately more than one,half of the kerosene or benzine we require, or more than one-third of the lubricating oil that we are likely to need.
– Yes ; and our requirements in that direction in the very near future are likely to be doubled, and redoubled, owing to the conversion of present liners into oil-consuming vessels. Additional supplies will also be needed for our various oil depots to meet our needs for Imperial defence purposes. From the figures I have given it will be seen that this is clearly only the commencement, if we are to be a selfcontained and self-supporting country, and that before very long two refining units will be necessary to meet the whole of our requirements.
There is another agreement which does not come within the scope of this measure, but which relates to the exploitation of our potential oil resources in Papua, and embodies an arrangement between the Admiralty and the Commonwealth Government. This agreement, which will come into operation concurrently with the one embodied in the Bill, is for the purpose of further exploiting Papuan territory for mineral oil. Up to the present we have spent approximately £120,000 over a period - so far as I can remember - of five or six years. I do not think, however, that much has been achieved as a result of that exploratory work; but I have been informed by a gentleman who has been on the oil-fields in New Guinea that the only way we can obtain cheap oil is by not losing control of its supply. Of course, that is obvious, and perhaps redundant; but I am quoting an obvious phrase in order to stress the point that, under this agreement for the exploitation of our potential oil resources in Papua, we do not take any one into partnership, as anything discovered will belong to the people of the Commonwealth, and will not be mortgaged by the Government. I am informed that the prospects of discovering oil in Papua are brilliant.
– It is possible that if we strike oil in payable commercial quantities, we shall have a field rich enough to enable us to liquidate our national -debt.
In connexion with the valuation of the British Government’s . interest in the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, I desire to point out to Senator Earle that the valuation is not based on its refineries, tank steamers, and distributing organizations, but on the value of its oil-fields. It has its unearned increment to the extent of £40,000,000 or £50,000,000 in the oil wells in Persia. Under this agreement it is not possible for the Anglo-Persian Oil Company to obtain any- potential increment of that nature, because the Commonwealth Government, own the resources, and will control all the oil-fields that are or will be discovered in New Guinea or any other Commonwealth Territory. I believe that others have been trying rather hard to get some sort of control in New Guinea of the oil we hope to find there. I for one am very glad indeed that no foreign company has been allowed to come in. I am glad that the Commonwealth is to be linked up with a purely British company, and I believe that, although in the agreement for the exploitation of the oil resources of Papua, there is no penalty provided, there is a very .great moral obligation thrown on the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, as an Imperial concern, to find oil there as quickly as they can. The more oil we can obtain in those places marked red on the map, that link the Empire round the world, the stronger shall we be so far as the defence of that Empire is concerned.
With respect to the agreement itself, I ha.ve looked at paragraph 14 with some concern. In Committee I shall have something to say as to the in advisability ‘ of giving any Minister legislative power. All changes we make in the Customs Tariff that possibly may he necessary under paragraph 14 of the agreement should be made, not by an administrative act of a Minister, but by a legislative Act of this Parliament.
Some people say that the control that is given to the Anglo-Persian Company for fifteen years is too long. Others criticise the agreement because there is no penalty upon the company if they do not fulfil their obligations. But, as one of the legislators who must take some of the responsibility in this matter, I shall rest satisfied that it is a purely British company controlled by the British Government, that the oil is wanted for British Imperial and commercial purposes, and also that the Anglo-Persian Oil Company are going to give us of their best technically and otherwise, and that if they cannot discover oil in Papua nobody else can do so. I am in agreement with Senator Earle to some extent when he suggests that the development of the oil resources of Australia so far may, in some instances, have been kept back, perhaps, by sinister means.
I am not altogether satisfied that the Anglo-Persian Oil Company should be able to deal in the “Commonwealth in the same way as they do in England. I do not think that they should be allowed t’“» do so. It is common knowledge that the British Government have been ibo hard put to it to obtain revenue that each and every means possible has been adopted in order to obtain the maximum profit from enterprises with which they have been associated. The profiteering report to which I have alluded deals with this matter, and makes a reference to the Anglo-Persian Oil Company. I am referring to the subject now in order that it may be recorded that we in Australia have our eyes open to the possibilities of the future. The report to which -I refer contains the following: -
We feel strongly that when the Anglo-Persian Company (in which His Majesty’s Government hold a controlling interest) is free to market its own production, steps should he taken by His Majesty’s Government to insure that all products are sold at a reasonable figure in this country without reference to excessive prices ruling in other fields. We attach great importance to this point, as we are of opinion that when the existing contracts by which the Anglo-Persian Oil Company are bound expire in 1922, it will be in the power of His Majesty’s Government to give protection to the British users of petrol, and thereby to confer substantial benefits on the whole community of this country to whom the cost of all commodities must be enhanced by any rise in the cost of petrol. In our opinion, it is far more important that the Government should secure for British users of petrol a reasonable price than that it should participate as a shareholder in a company in .excessive profits made at the expense of the British public.
Obviously, the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, in respect of its supply of oil to the United Kingdom, is under some agreement with other oil interests by which, perhaps, to some extent, the price of oil there is kept up.. I am placing this on record to show when any reference is made to this debate that we know what is taking place elsewhere, and that we do not want a repetition of it here. We do not want the British Government or the Commonwealth Government to look for excessive profits because we shall participate in them. The chief reason why we are establishing the oil industry in Australia - and I hope we shall be able to establish it to such an extent as will make us fully self-supporting and independent in the matter of the supply of oil - is that the consumer shall be able to buy the oil he requires at a reasonable price, and not that the Commonwealth, the British Government, or the Anglo-Persian Oil Company shall reap excessive profits.
– There will be other factors that will soon make the price reasonable enough. Oil is not going to be the fuel for ever.
– I saw somewhere that Dr. Wade had been sent to England to represent the Commonwealth Government in this matter. While not wishing to say anything at all derogatory to that gentleman, who, I believe, is eminent and well known as a first-class geologist, I want to say that his commercial management of oil boring in Papua does not indicate that he possesses the necessary business and commercial qualifications to represent the Commonwealth in connexion with this matter.
– I want to say, as a fundamental principle, if Dr. Wade is going to represent the Commonwealth Government as a geologist and as a scientist, I shall rest satisfied that in that regard the Commonwealth will have good representation. But if he is going to represent the Commonwealth in connexion with the business end of this organization, I say that, clever as the agreement is, and good as it is, it is going to be spoiled by bad administration if the Government make appointments of that sort. I hope that the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) has noted the point I have made.
– Let me put the matter in another way. As a fundamental principle, if. the Government are going to put a scientist in a. business man’s job, or a business man in a scientist’s job, they will be doing the wrong thing . 1 place this on record now because possibly the attention of the Government may not have been drawn to the matter. I do not know in what capacity the services of Dr. Wade are to be used, but if he is to be employed in a business capacity I say deliberately that a round peg will have been placed in a square hole, which’ it will not fit. But if his eminent services as a scientist and geologist can be co-opted by the AngloPersian Oil Company, probably he may be of great use in connexion with future Papuan developments.
Reference has been made in the course of the debate to the directorate of the proposed new Australian Commonwealth Oil Refining Company. It is to have a capital of £500,000, and upon the directorate of that company the Anglo-Persian Company and the British Government are to have the right of nominating four directors, and the Commonwealth the right to nominate three directors. “Because the directors will control all technical and commercial matters, it has been suggested that the Commonwealth will have only nominal control of the company. As I understand the position, technical matters will comprise all the technical skill and knowledge necessary, not only to erect the refinery, but to refine the oil. Commercial matters will cover the transportation of the crude oil to the refinery and its sale and distribu tion after it is refined. These are the four corners within which, so far as I understand the matter, the directorate will have control. The control of the Commonwealth comes in from the fact that Snot only shall we have a majority of the shares, but we can say what is a fair and reasonable price at which the profits of the refinery are to be sold. No articles of association are placed before Parliament in connexion with this company, but I take it that they will be of the usual character, that one share will carry one vote, and, if that be so, the Commonwealth will at the annual meetings of the company be able practically to do anything it likes within the four corners of the agreement.
I have no hesitation in saying that this agreement, this happy combination of solely Imperial interests - the British
Government, the Commonwealth Government, and the Anglo-Persian directors - to solve the problem we have all wanted to solve for so long is going to be kept, not only in the letter of the Bill we have before us, but in the spirit of Empire, to strengthen our people and our defence. It represents a continuation of that Imperial policy to which I believe every one of us adheres, to make, not only the Commonwealth, but the Empire to which we belong, self-supporting and self-contained. I congratulate the Government upon bringing forward this agreement.
It has been improved in another place in some not unessential details, and comes before us in a fairly perfect form. I have one point, and one point only, to deal with in Committee, and it is as I have already said, that I shall not be a party to allowing any Minister or any Government to impose Customs duties by an administrative act. That is the sacred right of Parliament alone. As I read paragraph 14 of the agreement, it gives the Administration the right to impose duties. If that right be taken away, and be given only to this Parliament, the agreement, so far as this country is concerned, will be fairly complete. I again congratulate, the Government upon a sound, strong, Imperialistic attempt to solve the burning oil question. All that we require to complete the benefits conferred by this Bill and to complete our satisfaction so far as oil is concerned, is to strike it in Papua. As there is an agreement with the British Government, concurrent with the refinery agreement, to go on with the work of exploration, I am hopeful that, in a year or two, the combination of our efforts now and our expenditure, stretching over the last six or seven years, will be successful and profitable to the people.
– Notwithstanding all that has been said about the provisions of this Bill, it is still very complicated, so far, at least, as the schedule is concerned. The Bill itself is very short, consisting only of a title, and a reference to the agreement, and the crux of the question lies in the agreement. It is a measure which certainly ought to go to a Select Committee before it is finally dealt with by this Chamber, and I intend to move “That the Bill be referred to a Select
Committee of the Senate, with power to send for persons and papers, for inquiry and report.” It is most difficult, even to those who. devote a great deal of time to the question, to ascertain exactly how the oil supplies of the world are manipulated, and why the people of Australia have to pay such an exorbitant price for the commodity. The price has steadily advanced from a few pence per gallon until at present it is approximately 3s. 6d. per gallon, with the prospect of going higher. There appears no justification whatever for this exorbitant price, but as the transport is largely in the hands of wealthy capitalists, and the oil fields are also in their hands, the consuming public are almost completely at their mercy. While that is so, this measure does not seem to deliver us from that very great difficulty. I understand that the British Government holds half the interests and half the voting strength in the AngloPersian Oil Company, but I would like the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) to inform us who the other shrewd gentlemen are who hold shares in it. What other Britishers hold the balance of the interests ? I agree with some of the previous speakers that we have to be most careful regarding the members of a company, irrespective of whether they are British or not. Nowadays, it is realized that a company, whether British or otherwise, is out to make the very last fraction it possibly can. The Coats’ Thread-Spinning Company is all British, and yet it makes enormous and extortionate profits. Reels of cotton which were sold here some time ago at 3§d. now cost ls. each, and the price is still going up. That is done by a purely British Company, and the mere fact that the Anglo-Persian Oil Company is run half by the British Government, and half by another body of, we are assured, British subjects, is to me no guarantee that they will do the right thing by the people of Australia.
– I thought it was claimed that Free Trade would put an end in Great Britain to all such monopolies as the Thread Trust.
– Free Trade is not likely to do anything of the kind, because the ramifications of capitalism have developed to such an extent that to-day they are world-wide. Capitalists do not know any State or national boundaries: Their field is the whole world, and no
There is one peculiar part of the agreement to which I would invite special attention. Apparently, it is to be part of the duty of the company to assist in searching for oil in Australia, but in the meantime they are to supply Australia with, crude oil to be treated in the proposed refinery. I understand, from reading through the agreement, that, until the refinery is in operation, the company will use its best endeavours to secure adequate supplies of oil products to Australia at a reasonable price.
– There is nothing in the agreement so far as I can see to show that the Commonwealth Government has any such power. The agreement provides that the refined products of the company shall be sold’ at a reasonable price, but the reasonable price of the refined products will depend entirely, or almost entirely, upon the price at which the crude oil will be supplied to the refinery. The prospects of securing crude oil in Papua or Australia may be very much better than the general public are aware of, or, on the other hand, the reports which are made public may be quite in accordance with the facts’. The quantity of oil hitherto produced in Papua does not exceed about 5,’000 gallons, and this has cost the Commonwealth in round figures £120,000 to obtain. I am not speaking of the oil produced from shale in Australia, but of the oil production of Papua alone. Apparently the refinery is to be at the mercy of the shrewd band of British in- vestors, backed up by the British Government, who can supply the crude oil to it at their own figure.
– What the Minister says does not appear to me’ to be a very satisfactory solution of the difficulty, although it is certainly better than nothing.
– No. I would not expect the Commonwealth to get it from the company at a fraction less than they will be prepared to supply it to the British Government.
– As the result of this arrangement, the British Navy is getting its oil for half of what we are paying.
– That is something. If it is so, . could not some understanding be arrived at whereby, although the general public might be fleeced, the requirements of the Australian Navy could be supplied in the same way as those of the British Navy are supplied ‘?
– Could not the Government go further and see that all Government requirements were supplied at the same figure as is charged to the British Navy?
– Perhaps it will, but there is no intimation in the agreement to that effect, so far as I can see. I should like the Minister very much to give us the names of the gentlemen comprising the Anglo-Persian Oil Company.
– I will undertake to do so if you will also give us the names of the persons who comprise the Standard Oil and Shell Companies.
– I thought the Minister had the information at his disposal, but apparently it is not so easy to obtain as one would imagine. To a certain extent, therefore, the Senate is in the dark.
There is also in the agreement a clause dealing with the directorate. It provides that the Commonwealth shall invest £250,001. and have three directors on the board, while the Oil Company put up £249,996 as their portion, and three persons nominated by the company have one share each. At the same time, it is proposed to give the company four directors. I must confess that that arrangement does not appeal to me. As the Commonwealth has a majority, even if it be only a nominal majority, of the shares, it ought to have a controlling voice in the management of the refinery. I agree with Senator Earle that the limitations on the actions of the company, as defined in sub-paragraph d (iv) of paragraph 3 of the agreement are completely vitiated by the provisions of paragraph 5. I should like to hear the Minister on that point before the Bill goes into Committee, if it is intended to push it right through. We were informed this afternoon that it is entirely wrong for a Government or municipality to permit a number of its citizens to get a right such as has been given to some tramway companies, and then to pay them more than the actual value of the concern at a given period. There should be a provision in the agreement empowering the Commonwealth to purchase the assets of the company in accordance ‘ with the money put into it by the parties. If that stipulation were made, the total amount required to be paid by the Commonwealth at the end of fifteen years would be only £250,000, but’ apparently the Government have decided that at the termination of that long period the matter shall be settled by arbitration.
I opposed the suspension of the Standing Orders moved by the Minister to enable the Bill to go through all its stages without delay, because such a proposal was not fair to the Senate. No one who has spoken on the measure yet has shown himself thoroughly acquainted with all the provisions of the agreement.
– I have referred only to a few of them. I do not profess to be acquainted with the provisions of the agreement at all, nor did it appear to me that the two previous speakers were thoroughly acquainted with them. In view of the difficulty that most people have in grasping, the full meaning of an agreement of this character, it is not fair to ask the Senate to deal with it without the delay of a day or two. I appeal to the Minister not to insist on the measure going through without delay, although I admit that he has the power to do so. For the reasons I have given and because I believe the Bill will be far-reaching in its effects, I think it should be examined leisurely and with the fullest information at our disposal. I therefore .move -
That all the words after the word “ That “ be left out, with a view to inserting the words “ the Bill be referred to a Select Committee of the Senate, with power to send for persons and papers for inquiry and report.”
Senator BAKHAP (Tasmania) T6.10]. - Beyond all doubt, there is the reflection in the minds of most thinking men that the operations of corporations aiming at the exploitation of the oil resources of a country should be carefully scrutinized in the interest of the general public. The American Courts have wrestled with this problem on numberless occasions, and have left it very much where they found it. I am in much the same quandary as most other people. I cannot pretend to understand many matters in connexion with the production and marketing of oil, but I do know that the price charged to the Australian consumers of what has been properly described as a very necessary commodity, has of late years been increasing in a way that one can hardly understand, and it is singular that justification fox this measure should appear in the cable news of the Australian press two or three days after the Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes) introduced the Bill in another place. In the course of his remarks the Prime Minister submitted figures indicating all the successive rises in price, and on the 11th May I noticed in the cable news from New York a statement that the price of general motor-car petrol had been increased to 30 cents per gallon wholesale, and 35 cents per gallon retail. In Australian money this works out at about 15d. per gallon wholesale and 17£d. retail. Now, the Prime Minister’s statement, which appears in E an.sard of 8th May, gave the present price in Australia as 3s. 7d. per gallon, compared with ls. 5£d. in 1911, so there has been a rise of about 175 per cent, in nine years. No statement in regard to freight charges or the cost of retailing petrol ‘ will explain this remarkable difference between the American price and the charge to Australian consumers. Some years ago I read a romance in which the fertile imagination of a novelist depicted the hero as in the grip of a ferocious band of Chinese, the particular chapter being headed “In the Grip of the Hip Sings.” These Chinese bandits were supposed to have a strangle-hold on the hero of the story, and I say that, beyond all doubt, if petrol is going to continue to be a factor in our commercial and industrial development, we are, in very truth, in the grip of modern “Hip Sings.” Therefore, some action # is required to deliver us from the body of this death, for death it will be if this state of aif airs continues. Accordingly, I welcome this measure as a possible source of relief.
There can be no doubt that the Bill has been so improved by hon- orable members in another place that I do not know that we in the Senate require to do a great deal more. The agreement framed by the Prime Minister on behalf of the Commonwealth, and, I presume, by certain officials of the AngloPersian Oil Company, appears to satisfy all requirements. It is possible that they “ builded better than they knew,” for this measure, as an earnest of the goodwill of the Mother Country, may be regarded as an economic and industrial link in the chaim of Imperial Union. I am an Imperialist. I am a British subject, and while I have every respect for the citizens and institutions of the American Republic, the interests of the British Empire are with me paramount; but as an Australian I regard this country as one of the most important component parts of the Empire. Anything that is good for the Empire is, in my judgment, good for Australia, and until we develop other sources of power within our own territories this agreement must be welcomed.
My immediate concern is as to how this agreement will affect the shale oil resources of the State which I have the honour to represent in this Parliament. References of a veiled character have been made to something sinister which has transpired from time to time in regard to the attempted development of Australia’s shale resources. Up to the present, we have not discovered well oil in Australia; but I have very little hesitation in saying, from what I have read of the geological conditions under which oil is found, that we are extremely likely to discover sources of liquid oil at a very early date. I have very little doubt that it will be found south of the Gulf of Carpentaria. I believe that the conditions that were essential when the superficial crust of the earth was being laid down, are present in the northern portion of Australia, and that we are just as likely to discover oil in large quantities on the mainland as we are to discover it in New Guinea.
– I intend to say something about the attempts of a sinister character which have been made to prevent the development of our oil resources. Certain gentlemen, whose integrity is beyond all dispute., have assured me that a few years ago they visited Melbourne in connexion with the development of our shale oil deposits. One of them with whom I would trust my life, and of whose truthfulness I have not the slightest doubt, informed me that during their stay in this city he and his friends were continually shadowed in motor cars by the representatives of other oil interests, and that their going and coming was observed, in very much the same fashion as if they had been under the suspicion of a detective. I do not feel called upon to disclose the names of the gentlemen in question, nor the name of the State from which they hailed; but I feel sure that the interests which we are now endeavouring to develop, were regarded as of sufficient importance to warrant those gentlemen being kept under constant surveillance by the representatives of foreign oil companies. That being so, I approach this Bill with sympathetic consideration.
It has been stated, that the AngloPersian Company is an entirely British company. If that be so, then my sympathy with it is, to a very large extent, secured. At the same time, I believe that the agreement which is embodied in. this Bill is by no means a onesided one. The smart men who look about for oil deposits, recognise, as I do, that in Australia we have a continent, a very large slice of the world’s superficies, where oil is bound to be discovered, sooner or later. Naturally, they want to be in that discovery. I do not resent such a desire on their part. If a British company establishes a refinery here, the natural inference is that when liquid oil is discovered in Australia, it will be offered an opportunity of doing something in regard to the handling of such deposits. What more natural inference for the representatives of the company to draw ? That is exactly what is likely to happen in the ordinary course of events. The Anglo-Persian Company is, as its name implies, a company which is largelyfounded on the possession at present of oil resources in an area which is, nominally, at least, a portion of Persia. We know that the feeling is abroad in the world that the exploitation of those oil wells will be largely dependent upon the British Empire maintaining the good-will of the Mussulmans of the world. A tremendous Mohammedan upheaval wouldendanger the possession by the Empire of those resources. Recognising that in Australia we have a continent under the British flag, the company naturally wishes to take the initial steps to become connected with any discovery of liquid oil which may be made here. What is necessary in order to completely allay any hostile public opinion, is that the Government at a very early date should submit to Parliament a wellconsidered measure for the purpose of stimulating legitimate prospecting for oil in Australia, and also the exploitation of our shale resources. Such a measure should be complementary to this Bill.
– Senator Senior will recognise - as I have done after studying the agreement - that it deals with an entirely different matter from the exploration of Australian territories in search of oil. That is a question for the consideration of Australian Governments. The Anglo-Persian. Company will not enter upon that field of enterprise except in the way I have indicated. But if it successfully operates a refinery in which the Commonwealth is interested, it will, no doubt, be offered a prior right in the commercial handling and development of anything which may be discovered in the way of liquid oil deposits in the Commonwealth.
– Such a condition of things as I have outlined has not been embodied in the agreement. But I infer that that is the position which will arise in the event of oil being discovered in Australia, and the directors of the Anglo-Persian Company have not lost sight of the fact that it is desirable that they should get in pretty early-
Some people talk of a monopoly in our oil supplies. There will be no monopoly under this Bill. The Government and the people of Australia will retain possession of any oil wells which may be discovered in this country. Personally I have come to the conclusion that it is particularly necessary that in this measure some consideration should be given to the development of the shale resources of the Commonwealth. But my interpretation df the agreement is that that will remain the concern of the individual States. This company will not be given, by virtue of this agreement, any legal authority to exploit our shale deposits. But if it wishes to secure the good-will of the Australian people it will lay itself out to assist in every possible way the development of Australia’s own resources.
– I was observing prior to the adjournment that this company, although not under any legal obligation to take part in the development of any known oil resources in Australia, would be very well advised to adopt the most friendly attitude in regard to such development. Even if it should not do so, I am not aware that Australia will lose very much, for I do not think it has been urged by any one that the foreign companies at present selling oil in the Commonwealth have shown the least friendly disposition towards the development of Australia’s oil deposits. Therefore, those who say that this agreement may do something to hinder the development of this country’s shale deposits cannot well urge that anything like a friendly policy has been revealed by the foreign companies at present operating here. The agreement enjoins upon the Commonwealth impliedly a much more vigorous policy of exploration and exploitation than has been the case hitherto. It states that until indigenous oil is available to the Commonwealth, the Oil Company shall supply the Refinery Company with such quantity of crude mineral oil as it requires for refining, but not exceeding 200,000 tons in any one year. It is contemplated, then, that there will be a time when indigenous oil will be refined in Australia in place of that which it is intended to import in the first instance. If I thought that this measure would tend to1 operate in the direction of hindering Ausralia’s known, but yet to be specifically ascertained deposits, I would vote against it: but I feel that it will act in quite a different direction. The Commonwealth has in contemplation the ultimate supply to the Refining Company of Australian oil. If there is anything at all obligatory on the Commonwealth, it certainly will be in the interests of Australian development to supply this oil at the earliest possible date. And, if it is the intention of the
Commonwealth Government to make an endeavour in that direction, it should take into consideration, through the medium of this Legislature, the making provision for most extensive prospecting. It should offer inducements for the discovery of oil such as have not hitherto been contemplated.
I am not one of those who believe that the world is going to be dependent om oil for any great length of time. IF such were to be the case, the fact would set a limit upon human endeavour. For we know that in some of the most prolific oilproducing countries to-day there is already revealed a tendency to exhaustion. There must be a limit to the crude oil resources of the world. I Suppose that members of a democratic Legislature may at least claim that they are in the habit of dealing with things as they are, and not of looking too fax ahead, i could detail dozens of possible sources from which energy may be derived by the scientists of the future. For example, there is as much latent energy in a ton of quartz as in a ton of coal. AH we lack to-day is the scientific knowledge with which to unlock the secrets of nature in order to make that energy available. If there should be any marked advance in the present price of petrol I am fairly confident that it will be rapidly superseded by alcohol, or by alcohol mixed with other elements. Already there is on the market, or about to be placed in Australia, a motor spirit which is largely derived by the distillation of vegetable matter, which is said to have given far superior results compared with petrol as a motor fuel.
– I have read in the Australian press that in South Africa there is a fuel in use, and that the shares of the company owning that fuel have advanced from £5 in a very short while to more than £100. It Will be understood, of course, that I hold no brief for that company, and I am not in any way interested in the spirit which it is placing on the market; but I have long held that alcohol, or some preparation thereof, will supersede petrol, with regard to its use for internal combustion engines, as soon as petrol becomes unreasonably costly. In Germany, alcohol distilled from vegetable matter has been largely in use for motor purposes. For the present, however, petrol ie undoubtedly necessary to’ our economic and industrial life. There is an unquestioned obligation created - a situation set up - in which the Commonwealth Government must furnish every stimulus, both financial and scientific, for the exploration and exploitation of Australia’s known and latent oil resources. I emphasize that if I thought the agreement was likely to interfere with the development of Australia’s shale deposits I would not favour it. I believe, rather, that it would be an1 incentive to development, and in that light I intend to support th; second reading. It is my belief that for the immediate .future this agreement is necessary. What may happen before many years in regard to liquid fuel I am not ready to state. It is not impossible that solar energy may be developed by scientists to such a degree that it will take the place of liquid fuel in the industrial and economic life of the world. But at present Australia is dependent on foreign companies for fuel oil supplies, and I am sufficiently British to prefer a British firm. And, although I have always advised most friendly relations with the people of the United States, I nevertheless, say that there has been nothing apparent in the efforts of the American oil interests operating in Australia to justify us in giving America one moment’s consideration over and above that which we would give .to a company hailing from Greece, France, China or Japan. Taking the measure in general and particular, I fail to. see that it deserves anything but favorable consideration at our hands.
– We are to some extent taking a leap in the dark. The information at our disposal regarding the personnel and constitution of the oil company with which it is proposed that the Commonwealth shall enter into partnership is not adequate.
– Rather than a leap in the dark, I regard the position as being more than a leap out of darkness into daylight.
– At any rate, it is a leap. What may be the results of the agreement we cannot say, but I feel that we can scarcely be in a worse position than we are to-day, and have been, with respect to the supply of crude oil in Australia. Not long ago representations were made to me from a municipality in my own State; and I have found that similar representations could well be made by other municipalities throughout Tasmania. Portion of a letter, which I received officially from one of those bodies, reads: -
There is another item in which you may possibly be of assistance to us, and that is in regard to crude fuel oil. At present we are paying ls. 3d. per gallon for it, which is equivalent to £15 15s. per ton. Charges additional put the price well up to £18 per ton here.I see by Hansard-
It will be observed that Hansard is read pretty freely by the municipal councillors - that contracts for the Navy, etc., are at £5 or £6 per ton. Of course, we only buy up to ten or twenty ton lots, but we could well increase our quantity for a reduced price. Can you help in any way ?
I noticed in Hansard of the 20th inst. (page 525) Sir Joseph’s Cook’s reply to Mr. Atkinson, that crude oil has been brought into Australia at £5 0s. 5d. per ton. It is costing us £15 15s. without freight, etc. Repeatedly, in Ilansard, 1 have noticed that crude oil is being purchased as low as £4 10s. per ton.
As a result of this correspondence, I put myself into communication with the Navy Office. I did not for a moment imagine that the Navy Office would accept the responsibility of providing municipal councils, in Tasmania or elsewhere in the Commonwealth, with the oil they required at a cost less than that at which they were receiving it. After some difficulty I obtained the address of one company in Melbourne which might or might not be the company from which these people were buying their oil. But the subsequent efforts I made to locate the cause of the discrepancy were absolutely futile. Honorable senators will agree that I would give close attention to representations of that kind coming from the State I represent, and yet my efforts were entirely fruitless. All I know is that, while the Commonwealth Government could obtain crude oil for £4 or £5 per ton, a private individual in Tasmania would have to pay something like £18 per ton. That does not look as if those responsible for supplying Australia with oil are giving the Australian consumers a fair deal.
– My information is that the Navy are now paying £9’ per ton, and that they paid £4 5s. and £4 10s. per ton for it in 1918.
– Certain statements were made in another place, and, having been recorded in Hansard, caught the attention of people in Tasmania, who compared the price for oil which they were then paying with the price which the Commonwealth was. then paying. If the Commonwealth price to-day is higher, I take it that the price to private consumers in Tasmania has. been correspondingly increased.
– I am quite well aware that any arrangement such as that proposed by the Bill will be very adversely criticised outside. Those who have so fax had control of the market for oil in Australia will view any arrangement of this kind with a great deal of hostility and disfavour. We may naturally expect a great deal of adverse criticism of this proposal from those quarters, which we know are very strong financially and otherwise, and quite capable of entering upon a very vigorous propaganda. Whilst we may expect criticism from those quarters, the criticism which I should be more disposed to consider is that which will come from Australians themselves. The disparity between the price at which the Commonwealth” will be able to obtain its supplies and the price at which the people of Australia can purchase oil has been a matter of criticism of the present condition of things, and shows the necessity for some redress in the interests of the private consumer. I can quite understand that the Commonwealth Government, in obtaining crude oil for the Navy, may bring it in their own chartered tanker from the source of supply to the ship’s side. A good deal of expense associated with the importation of oil for private consumption would, of course, in this way be avoided. But even that advantage, great as it may be, would not account for any more than a fractional portion of the disparity between the price paid by the Commonwealth and the price demanded from Australian private citizens.
There is one aspect of the agreement to which I have not heard any reference made. I had not the opportunity to follow the passage of the measure in another place, and so I do not know whether any reference was made to it there. Perhaps, during my temporary absence this afternoon whilst engaged on the Library Committee, a reference to the matter may have been made by the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce). I refer to the constitutional competence of the Commonwealth to enter upon this enterprise. It appears to me from the Bill, and from what has been said in the discussion of it, that’ under this agreement the Commonwealth is practically about to enter into a definite partnership with the AngloPersian Oil Company, on definite terms, and for a definite purpose. Hitherto we have been accustomed to regard the Commonwealth, as such, as constitutionally incompetent to enter upon matters of trade by way of production or sale, except in so far as provision was being made for tho immediate requirements of the Commonwealth Government. The ‘ Commonwealth Government can establish a woollen factory for the purpose of making material for the uniforms of the Com-monwealth military or other servants of the Government. The Commonwealth Government can erect and operate a rifle factory for the purpose of providing rifles. It can erect an arsenal for the purpose of providing itself with various military requirements.
– The Commonwealth Government has entered into the business of shipbuilding, but I think it is generally conceded that, so far as shipping is concerned, its power to act as a shipowner is confined to the importation and exportation of goods to and from Australia.
– Yes, Inter-State transportation, because whatever powers it has with regard to trade and commerce are powers as between the Commonwealth and outside countries, or as between the States. Very early in the history of the Commonwealth an inquiry was held into the matter of the establishment of the iron and steel industry in Australia. .The question was referred to -a Royal Commission, of which, I think, Mr. Kingston was chairman. He had some doubt as to the competence of the Commonwealth to establish a Commonwealth iron industry. The matter was referred to the AttorneyGeneral of the day, the Honorable Alfred Deakin, and Mr. Deakin’s opinion, which became a parliamentary paper, the publication of which excited considerable interest, was very specific and very clear, and it was that the Commonwealth Government could not enter upon an enterprise of that character.
– No. ‘His opinion was that it could enter upon an industry of that character* for the supply of its own requirements, and, incidentally, could sell its surplus production.
– I was about to say. that Mr. Deakin’s opinion was that the Commonwealth Government could not enter upon an enterprise of that character except in so far as it was necessary for the Commonwealth Government’s own requirements. That was to be tue primary purpose and scope of the enter. prise, and if, in fulfilling that primary and exclusive purpose, there was a surplus as a part of the conduct of the business, and incidental to it, the Government could dispose of that surplus. But is it contended that in connexion ‘with the enterprise now under consideration, the Commonwealth will import the quantity of oil provided for in the agreement primarily and exclusively for the use of the Commonwealth Government,. .and that only if there should -happen to be- a little imported in excess of its requirements it will dispose of that surplus to citizens of the Commonwealth or to the outside world ?
– How many torts is it contemplated will be produced by this enterprise? I think we require to be certain of the ground on which we are treading in this matter. I have taken this measure to have for its object the provision of cheaper oil generally throughout the Commonwealth.
– The production of fuel oil is estimated at 72,000 tons, and of that quantity the Navy will require 50,000 tons.
– That will leave a surplus of 22,000 tons, and- it seems to me that it would not be within the constitutional competence of the Commonwealth to dispose of such a surplus.
– If 72*000 tons are to be produced, and 50,000 tons are required for the Navy, there will be 22,000 tons available for sale by the Commonwealth.
– I am dealing with the estimate of production suggested by Senator Pearce, and the requirements of the Navy.
– The honorable senator contends that the Commonwealth cannot be a shareholder of a company trading with the public.
– Not if that_ is the primary purpose of the enterprise. Just as the Commonwealth cannot do that by itself, it cannot do it as a part- ner in a company. When the Commonwealth enters upon production, manufacture, or importation, for its own immediate purposes, if in the carrying out of any such business a surplus is produced, imported, or manufactured, the Commonwealth may, as a matter of prudence, and incidental to the carrying on of the business, dispose of that surplus to the public. That is the effect of Mr. Deakin’s opinion, and, so far as I remember, it has never been contested to this day. As a matter of fact, in connexion with nearly every campaign that has taken place to extend the powers of the Commonwealth Parliament that opinion has been relied upon ; and it has been pointed out that, until the powers of the Commonwealth with regard to trade and commerce are extended, it is forbidden to enter upon various industrial activities into which it might otherwise enter with great advantage to the community.
I mention that matter in passing, and I am afraid that my remarks on other points must also be made in passing, because I regret that we have not had a more extended opportunity for the consideration of this measure. It is only very recently that I have had any opportunity to give the question consideration. There are two provisions in the schedule to the Bill which seem to me to be of considerable importance; and I might as well allude to them here. One is the provision in paragraph 12 of the schedule which seeks to fix the price payable by the Refinery Company for crude mineral oil as equivalent to the price f.o.b. at the port of shipment paid by the
British Government to the Oil Company for crude mineral oil. I have been informed - I do not know with what exactness, but, at any rate, with an air of assurance and knowledge - that this is an altogether fictitious standard of value. I have been told that Great Britain does not require and does not buy crude mineral oil, but buys only fuel oil, which is a refined product of the crude mineral oil. I am told that if we are going to fix the price by the f.o.b. price for crude mineral oil paid by Great Britain to the Anglo-Persian Company, we shall be using a non-existent standard. The information may or may not be right, but I mention it before the Bill goes into Committee, because it is well that the Minister should know that criticism of that kind has been addressed to the agreement.
Another broad principle is involved in paragraph 14 of the agreement, which provides that so long as the prices charged by the Refinery Company for the products of refining are considered by the . Commonwealth fair and reasonable, the Commonwealth shall do certain things. There ought surely to be something more specific in the way of determining what a fair and reasonable price is. The paragraph throws upon the Commonwealth the responsibility of preventing dumping, and’ refunding duties, and introducing a Tariff provided that the products are sold at a price considered by the Commonwealth to be fair and reasonable. Before we reach the schedule in Committee, we should have some assurance from the Government that effective steps, will be taken to determine in some specified way the method of deciding the Commonwealth’s opinion on the matter. Is it to be the opinion of the Commonwealth Government, or of some body like the InterState Commission, or the Board of Trade, or of a Minister, or of some Commission or Committee? As it at present stands, the form of wording seems rather loose and vague, and if the legal representatives of the other partner to the agreement are satisfied with it, they have either overlooked it, or they are eager enough to seize the agreement as soon as they can get it.
– In paragraph 13a on the same subject there is nothing to show who is to determine whether the price is fair and reasonable.
– That is quite true. It seems to me that there are certain provisions in the agreement which have been inserted with a considerable amount of haste. They must have been overlooked by those concerned, or their appearance would suggest an indecent haste on the part of the other party to the transaction to get the agreement in any form.
The question of Inter-State freights once the oil is imported and refined has struck me in connexion with the whole proposition. I understand that at present it is very difficult to arrange for the Inter-State carriage of products such as this refinery will turn out. There are at present, I am informed, some ten or a dozen ports in the Commonwealth at which these products are landed from overseas vessels. When it comes to moving certain of them from State to State under present conditions one is confronted with a considerable amount of difficulty. It is very hard to get freight for certain articles between State and State on coasters or Inter-State vessels, and I believe that, so far as certain passenger vessels are concerned, petrol is a prohibited article of freight. I do not know whether the Government have adverted to the conditions existing on the coast-line of Australia in this connexion, or whether it is proposed to take any action to enable the products of the refinery, at whatever port it may be established, to pass freely from State to State, or from port to port within a State. These are matters to which some consideration might be given before the agreement is completed, and I hope that when we reach the discussion of the schedule, the Minister will be able to afford us information upon them.
I would, impress on the Minister the necessity of inquiring into the information given to me, that the British Government do not buy crude mineral oil from this company, or from anybody, but buy only fuel oil, which is a refined product of crude mineral oil. That wants looking into, because it raises a most important and vital point, regulating as it does the actual price.
– The statement I have quoted was made to me with a great deal of confidence by somebody associated with oil, and I mention it now, so that when we come later to the discussion of the schedule, the Minister will be in a position to give attention to it.
– The Government have no reason to complain of the way in which the agreement has been received. Honorable senators generally have met it in a favorable way, and what criticism there has been has been offered in the endeavour either to get more light on the question, or to tighten up the agreement. I agree with Senator Keating that the point raised by him last is important. I am only in a position to say at present - although I am having the information checked - that the British Government does buy this oil as crude oil, and uses it in that form for certain Navy purposes as fuel, and that, therefore, the paragraph in the agreement, as it stands, is perfectly workable, because there is a price to which we can refer.
Senator Keating also raised the point of the authority to determine what is a fair and reasonable price. To me, as a layman, it seems that if I am appointed a judge of what is fair and reasonable, I must obviously determine for myself how I shall arrive at my conclusions. That may not be the way a lawyer would put it, but I should think I could please myself as to how I arrived at my determination. Clearly what the agreement says is that the Commonwealth - that is, the Commonwealth Government - shall determine what is fair and reasonable. It is immaterial whether we employ the Inter-State Commission, or experts, or a Department, or any other means for the purpose. The essential thing is: Who is to determine what is fair and reasonable? My answer is : “ The Commonwealth Government.”
– That paragraph says, “ such prices as are fair and reasonable.” It is the Commonwealth Government that is to determine what is a fair and reasonable price. That being so, it is immaterial what machinery we set up to determine it.
With regard to the constitutional rights of the Commonwealth in this matter, Senator Keating mentioned that an opinion had been obtained from an exAttorneyGeneral. It is dated 18th July, 1903, and is as follows -
You ask for my opinion, forthe information of the Bonus Commission, as to the powers, if any, of the Commonwealth to establish ironworks.
In my opinion no such power is included in the express gift of legislative power to the Federal Parliament.
The trade and commerce power, vast though it is, does not appear to extend to production and manufacture - which are not commerce. Commerce only begins where production and manufacture end. (See Kidd v. Pearson 128 U.S. 1,20.) Moreover, the fact that the trade and commerce power is limited to external and Inter-State trade and commerce indicates that the power which the States undoubtedly possess to undertake Government industries within their own limits is not shared by the Commonwealth under this sub-section.
Under sub-section (i), (ii), and (iii) taken together (trade and commerce; taxation, and bounties), the authority of the Commonwealth over industrial development is of the largest; but though it allows of control, regulation, and guidance, it in no respect points to direct establishment or management of any industries.
Nor can I find in any other part of the Constitution any express authority for the course suggested.
The implied powers of legislation remain to be determined, but include, under sub-section 39 of section 51, matters “ incidental “ to the exercise of the express powers.
The manufacture of iron may be incidental to the execution of many such powers, e.g., defence or the construction of railways. The Commonwealth might clearly undertake the manufacture of any goods for its own use; and probably if it did so, and it were incidentally advantageous to the interests of the economical working of the undertaking that it should also manufacture for other consumers, such manufacture would also come within its implied powers. Except as above, it does not appear that any power to establish and conduct manufactures can be implied from the Constitution.
That opinion appears to make it pretty clear that in regard to iron, for defence, railways, or any other purposes, we may manufacture for our own needs, and, if we wish, sell to other consumers. At present our oil requirements for the
Navy are about 50,000 tons per annum, but we do not know what amount will be necessary for our air and naval forces in the near future, though we can safely, assume that a large quantity will be required. I do not think we need concern ourselves very much about the constitutional powers of the Government. The. late Mr. Deakin’s opinion appears to be sound, and it has not been contested.
– The opinion, I think, has been generally acceded to, and’ in fact appealed to, as illustrating the Commonwealth’s lack of power under the Constitution.
– When I commenced to speak in reply I informed honorable senators that I had instructed my officers to ascertain if the British Government were buying crude oil from the Anglo-Persian Company, and I have just been informed that -they are buying both fuel and crude oil. Under the paragraph in the agreement relating to the subject, we have a perfectly safe means of checking the price.
I come now to the point raised by Senator Pratten, whose remarks were friendly to the measure. He pointed out that the agreement would take away the legislative powers of Parliament, in regard to the Customs Tariff, and permit of its exercise by administrative acts. On this point I draw honorable senators’ attention to paragraph 14 of the agreement, which reads -
In order to insure the full success and development of the oil-refining industry in Australia, the Commonwealth will so long as the prices charged by theRefinery Company for products of refining are considered by the Commonwealth fair and reasonable, but not further or otherwise -
exercise or cause to be exercised such statutory and administrative powers as it deems advisable to prevent dumping and unfair competition by importers of refined oil from other countries ;
refund to the Refinery Company any Customs duty paid by the Refinery Company upon the importation into Australia of crude mineral oil purchased from the oil company and refined in Australia by theRefinery Company ;
cause to be introduced into the Parliament of the Commonwealth and supported as a Government measure a Bill providing for the imposition of Customs duties on crude mineral oil whenever in its opinion such action is necessary or advisableto prevent. unfair competition with the products of crude oil refined in Australia by the Hennery Company.
This provides that administrative action may be taken, but I remind honorable senators that no such power would be effective as an administrative act, because any refunds- of duty made would have to appear in the Estimates and be voted upon by Parliament. In other words, until Parliament authorized the refund, it could not be made. If any refunds are made, involving large sums, these amounts must appear as separate items in the Estimates. Statutory power alone might not be sufficient. The Government pledged themselves not only to take statutory power but to administer this provision of the agreement.
– This paragraph will give the Government, if Parliament were not sitting, authority to take any administrative action they think proper.
– Any administrative action thought necessary. Does not the honorable senator see that this is an assurance to the company that the Government will administer this portion of the .agreement?
– It would give the Government authority to administer before the law was passed. ; Senator PEARCE. - No, because the words, “statutory” and “administrative” appear in the agreement.
– That is all I can say .on the> point. That is my interprettation of the paragraph, and I think that is the intention, of the agreement.
– The necessity lies in the fact that the company wants an assurance on this point. We all know the pressure that might be brought to bear by the Standard Oil and other companies to injure this concern; and the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, before they put their money into the venture, want an assurance from the Government that, in certain circumstances, such as a trade war initiated by the Standard Oil or any other company to wipe them out, they will be protected. And in this agreement we say that if those companies take’ such action as that we will support the Refinery Company by this measure.