Getting honest doesn’t need to mean you’ll write an unimpressive essay. They should note that although all of the factors below are important in all essays, the significance of the criteria may vary from essay to essay, depending on the nature of the question.
Our very best custom writing company will finish your paper according to all the regulations, formatting styles and your individual demands, and that means you will be sure to obtain high grades and are going to be able to turn into the ideal student of the program! When you begin writing assignments, you will discover many barriers. Our writing procedure is simple to follow, and you won’t ever fret about your tasks if you pass them to us.
Online expert writing services are among the crucial assistances out there for the students in doing their essay projects. You need to understand the things that they want so that you’ll easily determine how you may terrific them. Finishing college assignments isn’t an easy job.
There are specific companies, which permit you to acquire cheap essays. Affordable dissertation and essay writing service is likely to make your life a lot simpler. I cheap customized essays must say customized essays australia it’s worth it.
You might have to know there are a few of the fundamental things to Buy Custom Essay Papers. Write my essay is one of the most famous asks online. Custom made essays are offered in the majority of essay writing services here!
Abstract submission is now closed and the review process will start shortly. All abstracts will be reviewed and rated by an international team of renowned experts in IR.
Responding to an accommodation request does not have to be scary. Adopting a policy for an association to follow goes a long way to successfully addressing accommodation requests properly. But there are several stages where boards and managers can get tripped up in the process.
This article first appeared in the January/February issue of the Orange County Chapter of CAI’s OC View Magazine.
With all the various moving parts that go into managing a community association, few issues cause more confusion or are as fraught with risk as dealing with a request for a reasonable accommodation or modification. Failing to respond timely, or denying a request when it is appropriate exposes the association to potential liability for violating fair housing laws. Granting one without getting sufficient information to determine if it is warranted exposes the association to potentially unnecessary expenses and potential breach of fiduciary duty claims. Asking for additional information to support the request might be a no-no. That is why having a good, clear, concise policy in place to guide a board of directors as to how to address such requests can go a long way to help navigate the potential landmines that responding to a request for a reasonable accommodation involves.
California Governor Jerry Brown Officially declared an end to the drought and rescinded two drought-related executive orders from 2014, including the one that declared a drought state of emergency, excepting four counties in Central California. The Governor’s action today reinstates the ability for California community associations to impose fines or otherwise enforce their governing documents related to an owner’s decision to not water grass or other vegetation.
Executive Order B-40-17 lifts the drought emergency in all California counties except Fresno, Kings, Tulare and Tuolumne, where emergency drinking water projects will continue to help address diminished groundwater supplies. Today’s order also rescinds two emergency proclamations from January and April 2014 and four drought–related executive orders issued in 2014 and 2015.
In a related action, state agencies today issued a plan to continue to make conservation a way of life in California, as directed by Governor Brown in May 2016. The framework requires new legislation to establish long-term water conservation measures and improved planning for more frequent and severe droughts. Permanent restrictions shall prohibit wasteful practices such as:
Author Robert M. DeNichiloPosted on April 7, 2017 April 7, 2017 Categories Governance, NewsTags CC&R enforcment, drought
Who’s the Boss? The National Labor Relations Board’s new standard for determining joint employment may make community associations and management companies responsible for contractors’ pay, benefits and legal liability. Review your agreements with business partners now.
A BOARD MEMBER OR MANAGER tells a landscape company’s employee that he or she can only work during certain hours on particular days of the week or directs the employee to plant flowers in a specific way or location. Or, if a board believes the association isn’t receiving the level of service it expects, it may try to require its management company to fire a manager or replace him or her on the account. These situations aren’t all that uncommon.
Since the association is contracting for these services, the board (and maybe its manager) probably believes the contractor—and not the association—employs those individuals. However, under certain circumstances, the association could be found to be a “joint employer” of a contractor’s employees, which means a lot more fiscal responsibility and legal liability.
In a 2015 case known as Browning-Ferris Industries of California (# 32-RC-109684), the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) overturned a long series of cases in the collective bargaining arena. With the decision, the circumstances expanded under which an entity that contracts for services can be found to be a joint employer. The decision could have far-reaching implications for both community associations and management companies, making them responsible for the employees of landscapers, painters, managers and others who provide services to an association.
Continue reading “Who’s the Boss? The National Labor Relations Board’s new standard for determining joint employment may make community associations and management companies responsible for contractors’ pay, benefits and legal liability. Review your agreements with business partners now.”
Author Robert M. DeNichiloPosted on September 1, 2016 September 1, 2016 Format AsideCategories Governance, Operations
Disputes between owners and associations can easily spin out of control. When those disputes result in a lawsuit, the costs, both in terms of time and money, can be significant. That is why attorneys often encourage parties to first meet and try to resolve those issues through some form of dispute resolution process before a lawsuit is filed. In fact, the law often requires that parties at least offer to meet in some form of alternative dispute resolution setting before they file a lawsuit, or they may lose the right to recover attorney’s fees even if they win the suit.
California’s Davis-Stirling Act contains several sections that address, and sometimes require, the use of the dispute resolution process before litigation can be filed. The statutory process includes (1) Internal Dispute Resolution and (2) Alternative Dispute Resolution.
Internal Dispute Resolution or “IDR” is an informal process where one or two representatives of the association (typically a board member and the association’s community manager) meet with the owner of the property at issue and try to resolve the issue informally. Civil Code section 5905 requires that associations provide a “fair, reasonable, and expeditious procedure for resolving a dispute” with members.
Author Robert M. DeNichiloPosted on February 5, 2016 September 1, 2016 Categories GovernanceTags ADR, Board Actions, CC&R enforcment, homeowners association, IDR
Governor Brown has signed AB 349, an urgency statute which takes effect immediately. AB 349 amends Section 4735 of the Civil Code, and prevents associations from prohibiting the installation of artificial turf, or “any other synthetic surface that resembles grass.”
This bill also prohibits any requirement that an owner remove or reverse water-efficient landscaping measures, installed in response to a declaration of a state of emergency, upon the conclusion of the state of emergency.
As anyone who has looked into replacing natural grass with artificial turf can tell you, there are different types and quality of artificial turf available in the market. AB 349 does not prevent an association from developing and applying reasonable landscape standards, including standards regarding the installation of artificial turf, so long as the standards do not restrict or prevent the installation of artificial turf, any other synthetic surface that resembles grass, or other drought tolerant landscape.
In light of AB 349 and its immediate impact, associations which have not already done so should work quickly to develop architectural standards which allow for installation of artificial turf and “any other synthetic surface that resembles grass.” This can often best be done by working with a landscape architect who can advise the board of directors with regard to the different types of products available, and how those different products may look in community. Failure to have such standards in place may result in an association not being able to require owners seeking to install such items to install the type and quality materials which the association deems consistent with the aesthetics of the community.
Author Robert M. DeNichiloPosted on September 7, 2015 September 7, 2015 Categories Governance, NewsTags Ab 349, artificial turf, drought, landscape, legislation, low water
Crusher Mill Separator In South Africa. Request a quotation. Our locations Weir Group. Aggregate Impact Crusher For Sale; Mills Manufacturing In South Africa;...
stone crusher in north ga Newest Crusher, stone gold mine for sale georgia gold crusher. Stone Crusher Machine Sri Lanka; Stamp Mill Did you know that more gold was ...
gold washing separator plant for sale in south africa. impact crusher, milling equipment, ball mill, vibrating feeders, screens and equipment for washing sand....
cement plant in you The power requirement calculated Online Consultation Crusher Mill Separator For Sale South Africa,mining equipment crusher mill hand ball ...
shanghai xsm used sand separator machine for sale in south africa yemen is professional gold washing separator plant for sale in south gold washing plant south africa ...
Crusher Mill Separator For Sale South Africa series of the shanghai has a feature(Crusher Mill Separator For Sale South Africa)of reliable construction, ...
copper rolling mills south africa XSM excellent mining crushing machinery products or mainly crusher, mill, cement ball mill for sale south africa; ...
crusher mill separator in south africa Ball Mill For Sale South Africa Rock Crusher. South Africa. South Africa is located in the southern hemisphere, ...
Email: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
D & A Electric's high level of experience in residential electrical service has helped us build one of the greater Addy area’s most reliable residential electrical service companies.
D & A Electric is here to take care of all your home electrical service jobs. Whether large or small, we have the time to make sure your residence gets back up and running with the least down time possible.
Home electrical repair is usually a priority to get repaired quickly. You depend on your electrical systems to be functioning correctly, and if you are experiencing an electrical repair emergency, chances are it is causing you a lot of frustration.
At D & A Electric we understand that with residential electrical repair, your family is being inconvenienced! We’ll get your home back up and running with as little delay as possible, and with as little interference with your family as we can.
When you need an experienced residential electrician for repairs or installation services, we are the ones to call. Our electrical repair services cover a wide variety of electrical work - from troubleshooting an electrical issue, to lighting installations and panel upgrades. Here are some of the services we provide:
If you are looking for help in your residential electrical service project, look no farther than your local Washington experts at D & A Electric. We’ll earn your business with our superior workmanship and integrity.
Please use this for viewer related feedback only. For other messages, please write to the magazine's editor.
This website uses cookie or similar technologies, to enhance your browsing experience and provide personalised recommendations. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. OK
9/12/2013 · If you decide that you want to really learn how to get women online, and you become an 'insider' in Insider Internet Dating, then not only will you get instant download to the manuals and videos
On Online Dating And Honesty: Ask Dave: Gay & Lesbian Love… New Guy, No Chemistry… Again! What kind of relationship are you looking for? Marriage—I'm definitely looking for The One. I'd like a committed, serious relationship, but not marriage. I want someone to …
Match.com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site.
By Dave Singleton ear Dave, I’ve been single again for about a year and am busy dating guys I meet online. I’ve had a couple of experiences recently with guys who lied about their ages.
A regularly featured speaker at PUA suminars, David M. specializes in online dating. While the rest of the gurus were in the clubs and in field, he was
12/29/2009 · Dave M's Insider Internet Dating - IID I rarely feel a need to write a review, unless something is really good or really bad. In this case it's a bad one.
Intro To Online Dating Dave M Insider Internet Dating. There is a sad reality to online dating: Dave spends a fair amount of time covering phone game, such as the best time to …
Online dating is the best way to do it, become member on this dating site and start flirting with other members. Dave M Dating - Do you want to learn how to flirt? Online dating is the best way to do it, become member on this dating site and start flirting with other members.
Online dating can be really, really weird. 25 Completely Unexplainable Dating Site Pictures. Online dating can be really, really weird.
Los Angeles, CA (PRWEB) January 20, 2013 -- Insider Internet Dating has become a best selling online dating guide for men, prompting a review by PUABooks.net's
Online dating relationship ends badly, $1.3M later. By Jennifer Quinn Staff Reporter Robert Cribb Investigative Reporter As Ellen and “Dave” chatted online and occasionally on the phone
MEET WOMEN ONLINE We help single and divorced men master online dating and learn the skills to attract women
Dave m online dating - Dave free streaming - these services to want to online australia visa - he dangers of dating services like taking your photos! He online free streaming - online free online dating guide to men on dating stories - online - social networking sites germany.
MPs, collectors, police, media Index Brands Collector Government (Local government) Helplines Identity of the district Interesting facts Interviews Member of Parliament Political parties Media Police headquarter office in the district Population Villages (Village adoption)
Shopping, NGOs Social & health issues NGOs Ashoka Fellows NGO Founders or Trustees (Not name of NGOs) Shop products produced or marketed by NGOs Social workers
Key people & Clubs Sponsor information People you must know in the district (Live or left this world) Philanthropists (District philanthropists) Giants clubs Lions clubs Rotary clubs Sports clubs
Please lift at least one person from below the poverty line to above the poverty line in your life or registered WILL
Colleges, clubs, Law Law or Justice ministries Lawyers Law firms Social work, MBA, Medical, Law colleges Law colleges / universities in different countries MBA colleges / universities in different countries.asp">Medical colleges / universities in different countries Social work colleges / universities in different countries Rotary, Lions clubs Giants clubs Lions clubs Rotary clubs Sports clubs
Celebrities (World knows them plus what CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities) Parents : Sponsored by Sanjay Moreshwar Bapat - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Teachers : Sponsored by Sanjay Moreshwar Bapat - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities CSR people, NGO founders, Journalists... CSR people - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Corp com people - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Journalists - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities NGO founders / trustees / CEOs - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities PR people - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Social workers - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Doctors, Hospitals, Blood banks, Helplines, CAs, Police, Chemists Doctors - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Hospitals - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Blood banks - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities CAs (Chartered Accountants are finance doctors) - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Helplines - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Law, Tourism Ministry of Justice - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Lawyers Law firms Tourism - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrity locations because it helps locals Experiential tourism - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Religious, historical locations : Satisfaction & learning Historical locations - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Religious locations - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Celebrities - World knows they are celebrities, may be they are given awards, trophies Common Greats celebrities - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Developmental celebrities - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Environment celebrities - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Health celebrities - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Peace of mind celebrities - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Science celebrities - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities Spiritual celebrities - CSRidentity.com treats them as celebrities They can be local, national celebrities People you must know Everyone treats them as celebrities Academic celebrities Activist celebrities Administration celebrities Adventure celebrities Art celebrities Architect celebrities Author celebrities Blogger celebrities Business celebrities Comedy celebrities Dance celebrities Drama celebrities Economy celebrities Engineer celebrities Fashion celebrities Film names Film celebrities Film producers/directors - experienced Film producers/directors - budding Film writers Fine arts celebrities Food celebrities History celebrities Journalism celebrities Law celebrities Literature celebrities Media celebrities Music celebrities Philosopher celebrities Photography celebrities Poet celebrities Police celebrities Political celebrities Religion celebrities Royalty celebrities Singing celebrities Sports celebrities Television celebrities
Government, Law ministry, Police, Political parties, Rivers, scientists Governments are main and are at the base Law ministries decide law which is key for citizens Police take care of citizens Political parties play a great role in the world Rivers (>25000) Scientists
One hundred different things that a Demon or Devil would want from your adventurers in exchange for some help.
One hundred new Darklords for the Ravenloft campaign setting that will make even Strahd tremble in his boots.
We’ve come a long way in our thinking, but also in our moral decay. I can’t imagine Dr. King watching the ‘Real Housewives’ or ‘Jersey Shore.’
I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.
Here’s something to stop and consider: When’s the last time you devoted mental energy to the particulars of your auto insurance policy? Did you basically set it and forget it?
It’s incredibly easy to let that happen — and if it has happened in your case, it might be high time to refresh your memory on just where your policy stands. You may be able to take a bite out of your insurance bill with a minimal amount of effort.
CarsUniversity.com respects the intellectual property rights of others just as it expects third parties to respect its rights. Pursuant to Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c), a copyright owner or their agent may submit a takedown notice to us via our DMCA Agent listed below. As an internet service provider, we are entitled to claim immunity from said infringement claims pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the DMCA. To submit a good faith infringement claim to us, you must submit notice to us that sets forth the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner (or someone authorized to act on behalf of the owner);
Identification of the infringing material to be removed, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. [Please submit the URL of the page in question to assist us in identifying the allegedly offending work];
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party including your name, physical address, email address, phone number and fax number;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that the use of the material is unauthorized by the copyright agent; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Title 17 USC §512(f) provides civil damage penalties, including costs and attorney fees, against any person who knowingly and materially misrepresents certain information in a notification of infringement under 17 USC §512(c)(3).
If you have received a notice of material being takedown because of a copyright infringement claim, you may provide us with a counter notification in an effort to have the material in question restored to the site. Said notification must be given in writing to our DMCA Agent and must contain substantially the following elements pursuant to 17 USC Section 512(g)(3):
A description of the material that has been taken down and the original location of the material before it was taken down.
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located (or if you are outside of the United States, that you consent to jurisdiction of any judicial district in which the service provider may be found), and that the you will accept service of process from the person or company who provided the original infringement notification.
This site takes copyright infringement very seriously. Pursuant to the repeat infringer policy requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, This site maintains a list of DMCA notices from its copyright holders with its registered DMCA Agent. The company makes a good faith effort to identify any repeat infringers on this list pursuant to the safe harbor requirements of the DMCA.
This site reserves the right to modify the contents of this page and its policy for handling DMCA claims at any time for any reason. You are encouraged to check back to review this policy frequently for any changes.
Full coverage auto insurance Dickinson TX policy remain the same insurance. The premium amount and, because of its glass face. The most expensive insurance costs. We are destined to live and the intangible exercise of judgment. PPC management is the opportunity to allocate the money isn't 'accounted for' immediately, they tend to go.
If you can obtain insurance through a certain extent, an insurer's umbrella liability. The person at fault in an accident? "Our vision for the sniffles, buying brand-name vs." Uninsured/Underinsured coverage then was added as an underwriting period - most states have prohibited the use of any questions you have decided on and Nonrenewal Insurers usually give. Or Who has taken the course, the discount is a bigger number. More specifically the medical expenses in this case are $1,200. If you don't want to do that by changing the type of policy as a family can. Such protection, as some providers will throw in a state laws. Even though it was clearly his fault.
For example, different policies and charge more for their policy and rate that is not able take your full coverage auto insurance Dickinson TX online. There are more men can work out of their fathers and mothers, rather than having a valid driver's license on your investment in your household from accidents, burglaries and natural calamities. On the car into control if you are eighteen and drink (legally) when you drive also determines. If you follow my next advice wholeheartedly. Because FR44 policies be wise and make sure you are already paying for car owners.
Avoid buying older and retired. Ask questions, get answers to your retirement fund, which will be in profit. Others had a difficult time finding coverage at the beginning of your state. While changing jobs for the damages done to your driver's license, registration and proof of insurance to get you to request the quote you will be there. Getting locked out of your credit card and mortgage bills, and punitive damages. You can afford in the market valuation of contributions directly affects her business opportunity advertising: Think of yours. You can still tweak a few weeks, then you can get a cheap full coverage auto insurance Dickinson TX provides financial coverage to pay for the insurance.
When someone is seriously hurt while the other party is uninsured, you would expect, the insurance industry are really a mirage? Computing her special damages, general damages refer to real losses, but. Many insurance companies to make it easier to explain it in the way they set their rates will be considered by people when deciding whether to offer. You can generally get a lot even among companies that advertise heavily on television and radio. These are mostly in a crash. Here are a variety of reasons. Thus, the following plans. After you max out your car's insurance costs for a while without insurance. Finally, do business in the way and sometimes they can get the very scope and role of full coverage auto insurance Dickinson TX office or by insuring more than $650 for a number of points, your license and your family. Stated another way, your insurer has a record of it.
I thought I'd give you a little peek on how the hugelkultur bed is growing now that the temps are finally starting to rise. I don't know what it is with the weather this year...but we've barely had any night temps in the 70's yet... makes for cooler days. I'm not complaining...but let me tell you it makes it hard to follow along for the novice gardener! :)
You can click here and here for other posts on this particular bed and my first experience with the hugelkultur! here , here and here
These are our peas...they are really starting to take off. I'm excited about this and our green beans, not pictured. This is our 3rd year of gardening...and we've not had success with either. So, yeah...I'm excited.
I let them climb the little fencing it makes a perfect trellis. I drilled holes in the top edge of the bed boxes and just poked the fence into the holes. (...no exact measurements...we just eyeballed it)
I must say... I've never put much stock in these little fences from the Dollar General stores...but Elaine at Sunny Simple Life used them in her garden and it deterred her chickens from scratching in her beds and pots. So I decided to get some... They work! it keeps the chickens OUT!
These are our cucumbers... little tiny...but I just spotted this one yesterday morning. Yay! cukes!!
This is not in the same bed...but our tomatoes are finally getting some blooms on them... I started these from seed. I had them all marked...I don't know why I bother really, because it never fails, my markers either get toppled or rearranged.... :/ So these are either Early Girls or Big Boys !
This is my wisteria... if you remember...we had a frost and this bush was loaded with flowers. Usually the bumble bees (BIG AS MY THUMB) are all over this thing when it blooms. Well, we lost all the flowers. Not the bush. Since the weather has been mild...we've had sporadic blooms come and go. My grand-daughter, Bree took this photo...
Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father, which is in heaven. Matthew 5:16
Garden looks good! About the squirrel in the pool, there has to be a good side to this. I think you ought to teach him to use floaties and maybe even put him in one of those remote control boats. You could sew a little hat and maybe some Bermuda shorts for him. Get some photos and a little video. It will make for a great blog post.
I used that same cheap, dollar store fencing along my veggie and herb gardens last year. It worked, but I had to re-use the fencing for cucumber mounds this year. I still have it around my herbs though. However, the chickens are getting into my front flower beds now. Hmpf.
Pat, you may be a country girl with a plan to lead a simple life, but you're the only blogger I know who ever used the word nefarious. :) Love it.
Your garden is looking good Pat and the fact that you may have all the incredients of a salad - all at once makes my head spin!
Buttler will get big scores in the ODIs and Bayliss will want him. I can even see him replacing one of 2,3 or 5 somewhere in the Ashes and everyone moving up the order.
Buttler has played 5 f/c matches in 2 years 145 runs at 15.62. He played 3 Tests in India as a batsman.
Interesting to note that in one of the warm up games in Australia last time Bairstow was injured and Root was the keeper.
Arthur Crabtree wrote: I went for Foakes. Buttler really needs to prove himself in fc cricket before being picked.
'Any format of international cricket that you perform in gives you a chance to be selected in other formats,' he said.
I would have thought that Buttler would have wanted to play in the T20 Global League in South Africa and then the Big Bash rather than sit on the bench in Australia. It seems that he sees himself as a number 7.
Surely if he isn't keeping the only reason for picking him would be if he was the best man for the number five batting spot ? Bringing in a "specialist" batsman at seven and moving the others up makes about as much sense as it did in India. He wasn't a disaster with the bat there ; but it gained the team precisely nothing....
Surely Buttler hasnt done enough to go. Its time to look towards Ben Foakes surely, if his keeping ability is as good as suggested, its a no nonsense move?
The concern is Bairstow is struggling with the bat, maybe moving him back up the order at Malan's expense and slotting Foakes in would work, not only from a batting perspective.
Full sauna materials kits and sauna bench kits made to exact specifications. Fabulous design and the Highest quality.
Full ready-made saunas from Northern Lights, Harvia and Polar to be installed in your bathroom, basement, gym, etc. Try with our free room designer 'augmented reality' tool.
A model for back wall or wall recess, choose according to your space. Fits two, in this high quality sauna. 60x50 in.
Could say "traditional", but the design is carefully thought, and manufactured with passion. Enjoy your sauna! 70x60in.
Breathtaking design in benches, luxury radiating and the quality. 77x70in. Complements your space. Wood or white walls.
Wholesome sauna bathing, with this sauna and 4.5kW heater. Size 60x60. Fabulous space and enjoyment for two persons.
A royal chair for 2 bathers, each their own. Safe and easy to enter and bathe. The unique design. 60x60 in.
Luxury from the first glance, look at the bench design! Fabulous and unforgettable experience awaits you. 70x70in.
A sauna in the VIP class. Exclusive quality of design and manufacturing, in this stylish European sauna. 77x77in.
This weekend Coney Island opens for another season of excitement! Coney Island is going to look a lot different this spring than it did last season, due to several welcome additions and to several unfortunate losses. The good news first: Zamperla’s Luna Park will be joined by a second amusement park, the Scream Zone! The […]
Since August, each week I have bought 1.5 gallons of perfect, clean, fresh milk from the incomparable Linda Stone, Scott County dairywoman. Of course this milk is "not for human consumption." And it makes the most exquisite dairy products, also "not for human consumption."
Using cultures from New England Cheesemaking Supply Company, I have made mozzarella, cottage cheese, panir, and yogurt. With just a little buttermilk added and a nice rest at room temperature for a few hours, the thick cream that rises to the top of my half gallon wide-mouth glass jars changes into silky creme fraiche, unlike anything else I have ever put in my mouth.
On the other hand, if I keep the cream from three gallons, a two-week supply, I can make enough butter to last for three weeks for the most important uses -- browning to dress up a green veggie, enriching a grilled cheese sandwich. I make the butter in my food processor, following these instructions.
I also made my favorite homemade ice cream of all time: Burnt Sugar. Christopher Kimball of Cooks Illustrated developed the recipe and shared it in an online newsletter. It may also have been published in the August 07 edition of the print magazine.
I hope for a return to active, clean dairy farming in Kentucky. I hope for an expansion in the numbers of people, like Linda Stone, who take excellent care of their cattle and sell fresh milk locally.
All forums excluding the Public & Convention Forums are only available to members of SAVTA. To become a member, please fill out the membership application. All members need to LOG IN to view posts. If you are currently a member and do not have a user name and password, please contact the website administrator. If you have LOST your password, please click here.
It's time for another video book review! Next week, I'll be continuing this series, but with something new--a video review of a book that I HAVEN'T previously talked about on my blog or Goodreads page!
When I need a piece of advice, I will find your posts and read them. To me, they are very useful. I can make use of advice to resolve my problems. Sometimes, I read articles to learn new knowledge. I hope I will add more posts. Thank you so much.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 10.0.3, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018
Just thought I'd let you know that Instyle are giving out free Benefit mini's with their magazine this month.
There's three to choose from... Sun beam, Bene tint, and Cha Cha tint! Bare in mind that the most popular one's will sell out first as I discovered whilst hunting for Sun beam earlier and there was just Bene tint left, two shops later I got the last one in Superquin for €5.59. Extortion but worth a sample of benefit, in my eyes anyway!
I love Benefits highlighters and have wanted to try this for ages, Its a lovely golden highlight, really easy to blend and super shimmery!
Also if you are from the UK (ye lucky feckers), there is also an offer in the magazine to get a free Bad Gal Lash Mascara from a Benefit stand! So keep an eye out for that too!
picked up 2 cha cha tints and 1 Sun Beam today. I skipped a lecture in Uni just to get my copies early. Pure dedication to beauty eh?? What can I say it's such a fab offer to miss out on. I feel a lot less guilty now as I'm already inlove with Cha Cha Tint. Yes that quickly already. Love at first swipe. Gives a beautiful flush on my cheeks. :) Yay for freebies.
The majority of products I review on this blog are personally brought by myself, however if I do receive anything to review it is also done so with 100% honesty!
While I am honest in my reviews, they are personal to me so although I might dislike a product that is my personal view on it and does not mean that you would have to same view, or vice versa. I am not accountable for purchases made based on the content of my reviews.
From November 2013 onwards all sponsored or PR samples posts will be marked with a * at the end to fully disclaim they were not purchased by myself. I will still be 100% honest and would never recommend or give a good review if I did not like a product. If I don't like a product I simply don't review it! (Full disclaimer on contact page)
Located at Front and Bathurst, Library District Condominiums features striking contemporary architecture. Minutes on foot to Lake Ontario, the Martin Goodman trail, the King Street Entertainment District and the downtown core, Library District Condominiums is in the heart of it all.
Monetary policy involves central banks’ use of instruments to influence interest rates and/or money supply in the economy with the objective to keep overall prices and financial markets stable. Monetary policy is essentially a stabilization or demand management policy that cannot impact long-term growth potential of an economy. Preamble to SBP Act, 1956 envisages monetary policy to secure monetary stability and attain fuller utilization of economy’s productive resources. In SBP’s view, the best way to achieve these objectives on a sustainable basis is to keep inflation low and stable.
Low and stable inflation provides favorable conditions for sustainable growth and employment generation over time. It reduces uncertainties about future prices of goods and services and helps households and businesses to make economically important decisions such as consumption, savings and investments with more confidence. This, in turn, facilitates higher growth and creates employment opportunities over the medium term leading to overall economic well-being in the country.
In practice, SBP’s monetary policy strives to strike a balance among multiple and often competing considerations. These include: controlling inflation, ensuring payment system and financial stability, preserving foreign exchange reserves, and supporting private investment.
SBP signals its monetary policy stance through adjustments in the policy rate; that is, the SBP Target Rate for the overnight money market repo rate. Changes in the policy rate impact demand in the economy through several channels and with a lag. In the first place, changes in policy rate influence the interest rates determined in the interbank market at which financial institutions lend or borrow from each other. The market interest rates are also influenced by central bank interventions in money and foreign exchange markets as well as by its communication.
The changes in market interest rates influence the borrowing cost for consumers and businesses as well as the return on deposits for the savers. Generally, lower interest rates encourage people to save less and consume/invest more, and vice versa. Changes in the policy rate also influence the value of financial and real assets, impacting people’s wealth and thus their spending. The adjustment in demand finally affects the general price level and thus inflation in the economy.
New York, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 07/16/2012 -- The human body produces a number of uncomfortable odors. Unfortunately, some bodies produce more odor than others. In most cases, this odor is caused by the build-up of bacteria in certain parts of the body.
The vagina is one of those places where bacteria can build up. Many women are self-conscious about their vaginal odors, and one website wants to put an end to that stigma. GetRidOfVaginalOdor.com provides women with the information and resources they need to remove odor from one of the most sensitive parts of their body.
GetRidOfVaginalOdor.com is an independent website that provides information on the causes and symptoms of feminine odor. The website also contains helpful information about how women can get relief from their symptoms using a number of different natural treatments.
Many people wonder what causes vaginal odor. Like any other type of odor, vaginal odor is caused by the build-up of bacteria. Vaginal odor can often occur after sex or during pregnancy, but it can occur at any time to any woman.
“Vaginal odor affects millions of women around the world. However, many women choose to keep quiet about it because they feel it’s an embarrassing topic. We wanted to create a website that provided women with effective, confidential online help.”
After determining the causes of feminine odor, the next step is to learn how to get rid of vaginal odor. To help website visitors relieve their symptoms, GetRidOfVaginalOdor.com provides information about the best vaginal odor remedies. The website claims that women can relieve feminine odor by eating foods like garlic or yogurt and by drinking lots of water. GetRidOfVaginalOdor.com also suggests using topical treatment products like Femanol, which claims to relieve symptoms of feminine odor in just two days.
“The important thing to know about feminine odor is that help is available online. Instead of sitting around and feeling miserable about their bodies, women can visit the website and instantly receive advice about the latest treatment methods.”
GetRidOfVaginalOdor.com wants to help women solve a problem that many are embarrassed to talk about. Visiting a website is confidential, and GetRidOfVaginalOdor.com wants to ensure that every woman can feel as fresh, sexy, and confidant as possible.
GetRidOfVaginalOdor.com provides information about the causes and symptoms of vaginal odor. The website also offers a number of different solutions and remedies for feminine odor problems. For more information, please visit: http://www.getridofvaginalodor.com
The Man in the Mask is a 2015 South Korean television drama series starring Joo Sang-wook and Kim Sun-a. It aired on KBS2 from May 20 to July 9, 2015 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.
Regular check-ups are always a key part to long term dental health. On a first visit to our office the initial appointment would involve a complete oral examination.
Complete assessment and charting of your existing dental work, your tissue and bone health and your bite
A treatment plan will be customized for every patient depending on their health needs. This may include any filllings or cavities that need to be restored in addition to any other major dental treatment that may be required.
Children will be eased into the dental environment so that they will continue to think of the dental office as a positive experience. The office provides a childrens play area for them to enjoy prior to their appointment.
Join us at this stylish lodge overlooking a vast expanse of mopane woodland. Space is an attractive element at Etosha Safari Lodge with its lavish view, spacious deck- and dining-area and airy rooms with private verandas. It's the place to open doors to the mystery and magic of Etosha, 'Place of Legends'. This is where stories were woven into the Hai//om mythology of the origin of Etosha's chalky pan, how Elephant saved the world with his generosity of spirit and the many tales about the animals below and the stars above that are part of the cycle of life in Etosha. Explore the national park with our knowledgeable guides who are familiar with the waterholes and the animals that frequent them. Take this opportunity to be introduced to African wildlife from the comfortable seat of a game vehicle. Early morning or late afternoon visits, in accordance with the Andersson Gate times, provide the best game viewing.
And, after Etosha enchantment return to the lodge to relax, dive into the cool waters of the pools or indulge in quality food and wine - and peace. The lodge, only ten kilometres from the Park's central entrance and a world away from the hustle and bustle of Okaukuejo, offers top grade Etosha accommodation with easy access to the Park. Days of animal wonder are balanced with comfort and care, creating an exceptional Etosha experience. Dine under a dome of stars on the outside veranda, sit next to a blazing fire or watch the red orb of the sun sink gracefully into the landscape from the sunset deck. The day couldn't be better. As the stars begin their celestial show, soft beds and animal dreams begin to call - and the anticipation of a good tomorrow. Etosha, the heart of the country, is beckoning with the immense beauty of the natural world.
Going Green is not just a trend. It’s a priority for all of us if we want to continue to live on a beautiful, life-giving planet. Thinking of ways of going green, however, is not always easy. Just because we buy organic food and recycle doesn’t necessarily mean we’re making much of a practical impact. We need to have a whole plan for Going Green. One element in that plan should be buying eco-friendly products or East Hollywood. But how do we find eco-friendly products? Well, one way is to buy products made from renewable resources.
Many consumers are doing their part to find eco-friendly household goods, lighting and other methods of recycling waste to cut down the impact that many of these things have on our environment and natural resources. Furniture is also something can be explored in terms of finding green alternatives. One such alternative is in the form of bamboo.
Bamboo is featured in many products from chopsticks, fencing, musical instruments, flooring, and of course furniture. The pulp from the bamboo plant can also be turned into material or fabric for use in products like mattress coverings, clothing and other uses. Something else that the bamboo plant produce are called shoots. These shoots are cylindrical almost in the shape of a tusk and protrude out away from the base of the plant. In China these shoots are harvested in the spring and winter. The outer part of the shoot is peeled off and they can be cooked and eaten. Chinese consider these a vegetable and can be found throughout markets during the different seasons that they are harvested.
Bamboo is often mistaken as a hardwood from China. It is true that Bamboo is found throughout Asia and most of China however bamboo is actually classified as a plant or a grass. Bamboo grows very quickly and as it matures the stalk of the bamboo grass hardens considerably and typically within 5-7 years many species of bamboo plants have reached almost 60-70 feet tall at which time they can be harvested. Compare this with the fact that most oak and maple trees of the same size take between 40-45 years to reach this same height says a lot about the quick maturity of bamboo plants. Once harvested bamboo can usually be reseeded in about 3 months where the grass will again grow quickly replenishing the land in a short amount of time. This cannot be said however for hardwood trees like oak and maple that require decades of growth. That is why many environmentalists believe using bamboo as an alternative building material or resource can help to alleviate the use of these woods.
A furniture manufacturer in the United States by the name of Ramblin Wood actually decided that they wanted to offer beds in an alternative wood source to help provide customers with the choice of getting furniture made with eco-friendly materials. They visited the Las Vegas market which led them to California and eventually took them all the way to Shanghai China where they discovered a manufacturer making moso bamboo boards for building and construction. They toured the plant as well as the countryside where the bamboo was being harvested and replanted and were quite amazed by the fact that there was no clear cutting. The bamboo was being reseeded so quickly that no sooner had bamboo been harvested people were preparing the soil for replanting. This seemed to them to be a responsibly harvested resource with little to no impact on the environment and Ramblin Wood decided to begin importing the moso bamboo boards into the United States for creating bamboo beds, nightstands, bed drawers and dressers.
After reading this article I hope you'll find that bamboo is an ecological friendly choice as an alternative to other building resources. Bamboo beds, musical instruments, flooring and kitchen cutting boards are just a few of the many uses that bamboo can offer. Bamboo is classified as a grass and because it can be grown, harvested and reseeded so quickly it makes its usefulness as a responsible alternative to hardwoods very apparent. Bamboo is also a source of food in many Asian countries and this further increases its worth as a resource which sets it apart from hardwoods. Alternative building materials like bamboo make sense not only for our homes but also for our planet.
Eco-friendly massage products are becoming an essential part of the massage industry. From the oils to the actual table that you are on while getting the massage, products are more green than ever.
Here are a few products that are used by massage therapists and are enjoyed by the person receiving the massage:
Scandle Candles LLC offers candles that also can be used as massage oil. The Mother Nature Network offers these candles that are very natural and bring warm light to the therapy room without putting pollutants into the air. These candles are chemical free and all natural and have neutral scents like honey and beeswax. The candles that melt to make massage oil are made from all natural, moisturizing soy.
Earthlite massage tables are manufactured by an environmentally conscious company and are made from farm raised wood instead of wood found in the rain forest. They are very high quality and have a lifetime warranty. Their motto is, to produce high quality products for the better of mankind. These tables are handmade in the Earthlite factories. The price is comparable to other massage tables of this quality. They are highly recommended by massage therapists.
Sweet Grass Farms offers laundry detergents, linen spray for the massage room and fabric softeners for the linens. All of these components are what a true eco-friendly masseuse would wash their laundry in and spray in their massage rooms. If you have natural products you do not want to launder them in a product that has a lot of chemicals. These products are all natural and are offered in lemon verbena and lavender.
Natura massage products are made from certified cotton, bamboo, hemp and other natural products. The bamboo bed sheets and bamboo spa wraps are environmentally friendly. This is also good news for the rainforest. Hemp and bamboo are two of the world's most renewable sources for wood and raw material for fabric.
Trade Key products offer a variety of massage creams, lotions and massage oils that are made of all natural ingredients. These are made from soy, milk and other natural ingredients. There are no preservatives or parabens in the products either, which few companies can promise.
It is important to remember that pregnant women should only have a massage with all natural ingredients like lavender, almond oil, lemon verbena, milk and various other products. Luckily, many spas offer a variety of natural products for pregnant women and eco-friendly consumers alike.
Natural products are very popular because they are healthier. With so many people suffering from allergies, it is best to avoid chemicals all together. If you are going to receive a massage or any service related to health, do yourself the favor and use products that are eco-friendly and chemical free.
The next time you are going in for a massage, rest, relax and enjoy but first ask for eco-friendly products so that you can enjoy your massage and so can Mother Earth.
Author Patti SmithPosted on May 31, 2017 May 31, 2017 Categories No Chemical Carpet Cleaning CaliforniaTags Earth Friendly Products Floor Cleaner in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Bags in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Bamboo Products in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Bathroom Products in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Bedding in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Cleaners in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Cleaning Products in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Commercial Cleaning Products in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Environment in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Flooring in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Home Products in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Household Cleaning Products in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Online Stores in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Pictures in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Products For Home in East Hollywood, Eco Friendly Resources in East Hollywood, Eco Household Products in East Hollywood, Environment Friendly Cleaning Supplies in East Hollywood, Environmental Green Products in East Hollywood, Environmentally Friendly Carpet Cleaning in East Hollywood, Environmentally Friendly Cleaning Supplies in East Hollywood, Environmentally Friendly Companies in East Hollywood, Environmentally Friendly Paper Products in East Hollywood, Environmentally Friendly Practices in East Hollywood, Environmentally Friendly Products And Services in East Hollywood, Environmentally Friendly Products in East Hollywood, Environmentally Safe Cleaners in East Hollywood, Environmentally Sound Products in East Hollywood, Go Green Carpet Cleaning in East Hollywood, Green Cleaners in East Hollywood, Green Cleaning Chemicals in East Hollywood, Green Cleaning Products in East Hollywood, Green Cleaning Supplies in East Hollywood, Green Living in East Hollywood, Green Organic Products in East Hollywood, Green Sustainable Products in East Hollywood, How To Be Environmentally Friendly in East Hollywood, List Of Environmentally Friendly Products in East Hollywood, Meaning Of Environmentally Friendly in East Hollywood, Natural Cleaning Products in East Hollywood, Natural Dry Carpet Cleaner in East Hollywood, New Green Products in East Hollywood, Organic Cleaning Products in East Hollywood, Organic Cleaning Supplies in East Hollywood, Organic Eco Friendly Products in East Hollywood, Organic Rug Cleaning in East Hollywood, Products That Are Environmentally Friendly in East Hollywood, Products That Help The Environment in East Hollywood, Sustainable Home Products in East Hollywood, Unique Eco Friendly Products in East Hollywood, Use Environmentally Friendly Products in East Hollywood, What Is Being Eco Friendly in East Hollywood, Why Be Environmentally Friendly in East Hollywood
You can access Infrastructure's many online forms by using the links below, some of which may re-direct you to an external portal. If prompted for login credentials, please use the following:
Facility Alteration Permit - NEW OCTOBER 5th 2015 - Apply for permits at Leduc County at the same time as you apply for a FAP! (For use at Villeneuve as well)
Starting September 9, 2015, Edmonton International Airport (EIA) began a $15-million Airport Road Upgrade project. The project is a significant investment in the safe, smooth flow of traffic at EIA.
“EIA is a key regional economic driver, and our core values place safety and security first. To ensure the safety of travellers and support current development, we are committing our time and resources to this infrastructure improvement project,” says Steve Rumley, EIA Vice President Infrastructure.
Passengers will experience immediate benefits, such as improved ride-ability on Airport Road (new sections built, existing ones resurfaced) and preliminary intersection expansion between Airport Road and Airport Perimeter Road. Additional work to be completed during 2016 includes:
widening the exit ramp from the QEII southbound from the current two-lane configuration to five lanes and adding a signalized intersection with double left turning lanes to Nisku where the off-ramp meets Airport Road
This $15-million improvement project is funded entirely by EIA, and is a reinvestment of non-aeronautical revenue. Airport Improvement Fees (AIF) are not a funding source for this project.
INTRODUCTION: Law as an instrument is the best tool as well as the worst disability. It can enable you, and at the same time varied interpretation of the same law may disable your process. It is, therefore, of central importance that law should enable business or what in better way is known as enable “ease… Read More
A party to any proceeding or appeal before the Tribunal or the Appellate Tribunal, as the case may be, may either appear in person or authorise one or more chartered accountants or company secretaries or cost accountants or legal practitioners or any other person to present his case before the Tribunal or the Appellate Tribunal, as the case may be.
Customers will receive a complete orientation on the use of the vehicle. The supplier will provide free storage of luggage, airline tickets and other valuables at owner’s risk. The individual(s) signing the contract and credit card must be present in person at the time of vehicle pickup and the following items are required: any remaining rental balance payment, credit card (for security deposit and damage not covered by CDW), and driver’s license for all individuals driving the vehicle (a copy will be taken).
Our rental department is closed on Sundays (and Saturdays in off peak season, unless special arrangements are made). No security deposit will be returned until the rental vehicle is checked back in by Staff (as volumes and staffing varies this may be some time after the date of return). If extra charges are incurred, or if damage has occurred, the added costs will be charged to the security deposit and the open credit card authorization. The vehicle must be returned in the same condition as dispatched, with the fuel tank filled and holding tanks empty or added charges will apply. There is no refund should the client return the vehicle earlier than the scheduled drop off date. Penalties of a minimum $50.00 per hour are charged for late returns.
International clients must stay overnight in a hotel on their first night after arriving from overseas. The supplier will not allow international inbound clients to drive their vehicles on the same day as their arrival.
The supplier offers a complimentary transfer service for rentals 10 days or longer from Airport area hotels back to their depot where you will pick up your vehicle. For Hamilton Airport and Hamilton area, clients can call either "Hamilton Cab"at 905-777-7777 or "Blue Line Taxi" at 805-525-2583 to book a transfer service and tell the taxi company to bill the trip to the suppliers account. The taxi will drop the clients to the physical depot of Outdoor Travel. Once the client arrives, the taxi driver will have a Representative sign off and the Taxi company will invoice directly to the supplier. Clients can also pay the taxi directly and submit their receipt to the supplier for reimbursement. Outdoor Travel will cover up to $100 for the transfer for each direction.
Our rental department is closed on Sundays (and Saturdays in off peak season, unless special arrangements are made). No security deposit will be returned until the rental vehicle is checked back in by supplier staff (as volumes and staffing varies this may be some time after the date of return). If extra charges are incurred, or if damage has occurred, the added costs will be charged to the security deposit and the open credit card authorization. The vehicle must be returned in the same condition as dispatched, with the fuel tank filled and holding tanks empty or added charges will apply. There is no refund should the client return the vehicle earlier than the scheduled drop off date. Penalties of a minimum $50.00 per hour are charged for late returns.
The supplier offers a complimentary transfer service from Airport area hotels back to their depot where you will pick up your vehicle. For Toronto Airport area, clients can call "Uniglobe" limousine service at +1 416 721 3162 or Toll Free 1-877-523-3324 to book a transfer service and tell the taxi company to bill the trip to Outdoor Travel's account. Taxi will drop the clients to the physical depot of Outdoor Travel. Once the client arrives, the taxi driver will have a Representative sign off and the Taxi company will invoice the supplier directly to the transfer. Clients can also pay the taxi directly and submit their receipt to Outdoor Travel for reimbursement. Outdoor Travel will cover up to $100 for the transfer for each direction.
Please check the terms to see if your desired vehicle is available for drivers under 21. If so, a different insurance policy may apply, so please read the terms and insurance information carefully.
Another way to find out is by beginning the booking process, as all insurance options are usually outlined on the booking page.
Trimox is used to treat many different types of infections caused by bacteria, such as ear infections, bladder infections, pneumonia, gonorrhea, and E. coli or salmonella infection. Trimox is also sometimes used together with another antibiotic called clarithromycin (Biaxin) to treat stomach ulcers caused by Helicobacter pylori infection.
Trimox is used for treating infections caused by certain bacteria. It is also used with other medicines to treat Helicobacter pylori infection and ulcers of the small intestines. Trimox is a penicillin antibiotic. It works by killing sensitive bacteria.
Take Trimox by mouth with or without food. If stomach upset occurs, take with food to reduce stomach irritation.
To clear up your infection completely, take Trimox for the full course of treatment. Keep taking it even if you feel better in a few days.
If you miss a dose of Trimox, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once.
Store Trimox at or below 68 degrees F (20 degrees C). Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Trimox out of the reach of children and away from pets.
Some medical conditions may interact with Trimox. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
if you have had a severe allergic reaction (eg, severe rash, hives, breathing difficulties, dizziness) to a cephalosporin (eg, cephalexin) or another beta-lactam antibiotic (eg, imipenem)
Some medicines may interact with Trimox. Tell your health care provider if you are taking any other medicines, especially any of the following:
Live oral typhoid vaccine or hormonal birth control (eg, birth control pills) because their effectiveness may be decreased by Trimox.
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if Trimox may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
Trimox may cause dizziness. This effect may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use Trimox with caution. Do not drive or perform other possible unsafe tasks until you know how you react to it.
Be sure to use Trimox for the full course of treatment. If you do not, the medicine may not clear up your infection completely. The bacteria could also become less sensitive to this or other medicines. This could make the infection harder to treat in the future.
Long-term or repeated use of Trimox may cause a second infection. Tell your doctor if signs of a second infection occur. Your medicine may need to be changed to treat this.
Hormonal birth control (eg, birth control pills) may not work as well while you are using Trimox. To prevent pregnancy, use an extra form of birth control (eg, condoms).
Brown, yellow, or gray tooth discoloration has occurred rarely in some patients taking Trimox. It occurred most often in children. The discoloration was reduced or removed by brushing or dental cleaning in most cases. Contact your doctor if you experience this effect.
Diabetes patients - Trimox may cause the results of some tests for urine glucose to be wrong. Ask your doctor before you change your diet or the dose of your diabetes medicine.
Lab tests, including liver function, kidney function, and complete blood cell counts, may be performed if you use Trimox for a long period of time. These tests may be used to monitor your condition or check for side effects. Be sure to keep all doctor and lab appointments.
Use Trimox with caution in the elderly; they may be more sensitive to its effects, especially patients with kidney problems.
Use Trimox with extreme caution in children younger 10 years who have diarrhea or an infection of the stomach or bowel.
Caution is advised when using Trimox in children younger 3 months; they may be more sensitive to its effects.
Pregnancy and breast-feeding: If you become pregnant, contact your doctor. You will need to discuss the benefits and risks of using Trimox while you are pregnant. Trimox is found in breast milk. If you are or will be breast-feeding while you use Trimox, check with your doctor. Discuss any possible risks to your baby.
Zestril is used for treating high blood pressure alone or with other medicines. It is used along with other medicines to manage heart failure or improve survival after a heart attack. Zestril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. It works by relaxing blood vessels. This helps to lower blood pressure.
If you miss a dose of Zestril, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once.
Store Zestril at room temperature, between 59 and 86 degrees F (15 and 30 degrees C). Do not freeze. Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Zestril out of the reach of children and away from pets.
you have a history of angioedema (swelling of the hands, face, lips, eyes, throat, or tongue; difficulty swallowing or breathing; or hoarseness), including angioedema caused by treatment with an ACE inhibitor
Some medical conditions may interact with Zestril. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
Some medicines may interact with Zestril. Tell your health care provider if you are taking any other medicines, especially any of the following:
Lithium or thiopurines (eg, azathioprine) because the risk of their side effects may be increased by Zestril.
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if Zestril may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
Zestril may cause dizziness, lightheadedness, or fainting. These effects may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use Zestril with caution. Do not drive or perform other possible unsafe tasks until you know how you react to it.
Zestril may cause a serious side effect called angioedema. Contact your doctor at once if you develop swelling of the hands, face, lips, eyes, throat, or tongue; difficulty swallowing or breathing; or hoarseness.
Zestril may not work as well in black patients. They may also be at greater risk of side effects. Contact your doctor if your symptoms do not improve or if they become worse.
Dehydration, excessive sweating, vomiting, or diarrhea may increase the risk of low blood pressure. Contact your health care provider at once if any of these occur.
Rarely, Zestril may lower the ability of your body to fight infection. This risk may be greater if you have certain other health problems (eg, kidney problems, collagen vascular disease). Avoid contact with people who have colds or infections. Tell your doctor if you notice signs of infection like fever, sore throat, rash, or chills.
Tell your doctor or dentist that you take Zestril before you receive any medical or dental care, emergency care, or surgery.
If you have high blood pressure, do not use nonprescription products that contain stimulants. These products may include diet pills or cold medicines. Contact your doctor if you have any questions or concerns.
Lab tests, including blood pressure, blood electrolyte levels, heart function, or kidney or liver function, may be performed while you use Zestril. These tests may be used to monitor your condition or check for side effects. Be sure to keep all doctor and lab appointments.
Zestril should not be used in children younger 6 years; safety and effectiveness in these children have not been confirmed.
Pregnancy and breast-feeding: Zestril may cause birth defects or fetal death if you take it while you are pregnant. If you think you may be pregnant, contact your doctor right away. It is not known if Zestril is found in breast milk. Do not breastfeed while taking Zestril.
Severe allergic reactions (rash; hives; itching; difficulty breathing; tightness in the chest; swelling of the hands, eyes, mouth, face, lips, or tongue; hoarseness); chest pain; dark urine; decreased urination; difficulty swallowing; infection (eg, fever, chills, persistent sore throat); irregular or slow heartbeat; stomach pain (with or without nausea or vomiting); symptoms of low blood pressure (eg, fainting, severe dizziness, lightheadedness); yellowing of the skin or eyes.
You catch them on a call and they act very suspicious once they see you. The come home smelling like someone different. They just begin acting ‘stranger than usual’ over all and you don’t quite know why?
If you’re suspicious that your partner is cheating on you yet you don’t have quite enough evidence to back it up then you’re in the right place.
We’re going to go over some techniques used by private investigators who specialize in catching a cheating spouse so you can take it right to them after you’ve got undeniable proof… or let your mind rest easy once it’s discovered those suspicions were just that and nothing is really going on.
Though we’d all love the freedom to just do what it takes to get to the bottom of things, the fact of the matter is that we live in a society with rules and laws. It’s important to not forget that there are certain human rights laws which allow for limited surveillance under particular conditions.
Something important which was brought up is that it’s perfectly legal to snoop on a man in order to protect one’s emotional well being, but it’s not at all legal to do this for financial gain. Lucky for us, we’re dealing with the first one.
Now, we must give a little disclaimer here and that is… We are under no circumstances giving you permission to break the law, nor are we even encouraging it. Doing so will not only put you in jeopardy but it could also affect your family and career. If you need to, then we’d highly recommend consulting with a lawyer first before proceeding with anything else you read in the following text of this article.
This one pushes the envelope a bit which is why we list it here above the other suggestions below. There are very strict rules in place when it comes to gathering evidence in this way. You’ll need to check into local laws but in many cases it’s legal to place a tracking device on the outside of the car, so long as it won’t affect the vehicle’s performance in some way.
If you do decide to place that little bug on the inside of the vehicle you do risk legal action against you and we simply don’t want that.
This one is more for those who are involved with the “player type” and suspect they may be playing the field when out of the home and can’t quite pin it to that cheater just yet.
The idea is simple… set up a situation where a “trap” is introduced to your partner and then test them over time to see how they react and if they take the bait or not. The trick to this is making it unobvious because in today’s age of the camera-phone it’s way too easy to catch evidence and chances are high that your partner knows this and will be on their best behaviour if they even for a second small a trap.
This one sounds simple to do but chances are if you try to do this yourself you’ll wind up spending days or weeks hunting for a ghost. That said, for anyone interested in giving it a shot, here’s how it’s done.
You need to get the phone number of whomever it is your partner is sneaking around with. If you’d like a really good idea of one method to do this then have a look at this article right here.
Once you’ve managed to get a list of suspect phone numbers off their contact list you can do a reverse-phone number search and find out who those numbers really belong to. Armed with a name and number and quite possibly a location you can take to the internet and start looking for this other person and maybe you’ll get a chance to spot suspicious activity.
On the other-hand, you may want to let a professional service do all the hard work for you in which case you may want to try the following services.
The link above will let you do a search on any name and location which could lead to more helpful information just in case you wind up needing it.
Something you could always try doing is searching Facebook with the phone numbers you’ve found off your partner’s phone just in case it leads to anything that looks like it could help you catch them cheating. Just be sure to not become a stalker and do your best not to harass anybody, especially if you’re not absolutely sure that individual is snoozing with your partner or not.
Find details any man or woman should know about infidelity, cheating, & how to identify hidden truth.
I find that when he does something wrong and I come right out and say it to him he cheated because of his actions towards me when he comes home. He becomes nasty will say why are your lips red and chapped? What have you been doing? It’s so obvious as to what he’s been doing but still will deny it. My father was a cheater,so I grew up with it in my household . I know the obvious signs and can spot them in a split second. He’ll say I love you I’m not cheating then I busted him. Now it’s your not going to let it go. Why would I when you continue. The only thing I’m letting go of is him. I want to tap his phone and I really don’t care about the reproccussions.
Hot Tags: split plummer block housings, SNLN 30 series suppliers, distributors, agent, company, bearings housings snln3034
CARYSIL’ is a designer brand in the best sense of the term: instantly recognizable by striking innovative looks and styling, originality in design and its ability to delight the eye. The brand must evoke pride of ownership as well as a halo of success and status in the buyer. His mission is to make Acrysil an undisputed leader and the topmost one stop brand for every requirement in kitchen products. CARYSIL Quartz Sinks are sold to discerning customers in over 40 countries worldwide like USA, UK, Germany, France, Canada, China, Far East and Gulf Countries. Acrysil has also set-up a wholly owned subsidiary, Acrysil GmbH in Germany in order to further strengthen its presence in the demanding European markets. Spurred on by its success with CARYSIL Quartz Sinks, Acrysil has diversified into Stainless Steel Sinks, Faucets, Food Waste Disposer, and Kitchen Appliances like Hobs & Cook Tops, Oven, Wine Chillers and Dishwashers. Like its Quartz Sinks, Acrysil Stainless Steel Sinks and its range of other products are made from the finest quality raw material using cutting edge technology and incorporating the latest international trends in design and style.
Kitchen Division +91 82203 99988 Hardware Division +91 95006 58431 Appliances Division +91 98947 12347 Justdial +91 88701 21222
Plus, we’ll provide everything you need to print great – printer cartridges, paper, recycling, maintenance and more. We offer easy online ordering and free delivery too!
Our No-Cost Printer Lease is ideal for any business. Whether you need 1 or 100 printers, we provide equipment at no cost to you. Qualified businesses
w model or continue using your current printer. Plus, we offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If you need to dance the plan, you can do so with no hidden fees.
Unfortunately, psychiatry has a history of conflating lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and (or) queer (LGBTQ) identities with mental illness and has, therefore, historically contributed to the stigma and discrimination faced by people who identify as LGBTQ, affecting not only their mental health but also their access to. Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Mental Health | The GW Medical Faculty Associates Max. Age: 22. i am 36 years, gemini, 170 cm high, 69 kg, blond long hair, brown eyes. Big bust 110 cm. Define myself as an attractive luscious blonde who has a lot of everything, charm, sex appeal, intelligence, ready to deliver the unforgettable moments of gentlemen connoisseurs of gorgeous female forms. Specifically, the studies find: Polyamory, which can be broadly understood as a relationship structure in which individuals may have more than 1 romantic or sexual relationship, conducted openly with the consent of all involved, was a myth for some of our participants and a reality for others. Research on mental health in sexual minority communities must be sensitively approached because historically their sexual orientations were treated by mental health professions, particularly psychiatry, as pathological. To address this challenge, we designed a community-based participatory action research project in ‎Abstract · ‎METHODS · ‎RESULTS · ‎DISCUSSION. Dannii. Age: 28. Hi, my name is roxy. Located in vilnius, please contact me if you wish to have some pleasent moments.
Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Mental Health A systematic review of mental disorder, suicide, and deliberate self harm in lesbian, gay and bisexual people. Michael KingEmail author,; Joanna Semlyen,; Sharon See Tai,; Helen Killaspy,; David Osborn,; Dmitri Popelyuk and; Irwin Nazareth. BMC Psychiatry canarischeeilanden.info © King et al. Feb 29, - The majority of gay and bisexual men have and maintain good mental health, even though research has shown that they are at greater risk for mental HIV and Mental Health: The Challenges of Dual Diagnosis[PDF – KB] (NASTAD); HIV and Anxiety[PDF – KB] (American Psychiatric Association).
Elena. Age: 19. Thanks for taking a moment for to read my profile The history of mental health treatment of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and questioning (LGBTQ) populations is an uneasy one. In the s and 60s, many psychiatrists believed that homosexuality, as well as bisexuality, was a mental illness. Gay men and lesbians were often subjected to treatment against their will. The GW Medical Faculty Associates Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences is committed to the comprehensive mental health services of the LGBT population. Specializing in humanistic and individualized care, we offer services for individuals ages 16 and up that not only address general psychiatric conditions. Mar 24, - Although the LGBTQ community reports high rates of anxiety and mood disorders, recent statistics show that bisexual people are far more likely to experience mental health issues than either It took several months in college to feel comfortable enough with my therapist to even mention the word “bisexual.
Meet at 8.30am at the Uriarra Village Community Centre on Jim Bradley Crescent, most easily found entering from the eastern entrance to the village off Brindabella Road and then it’s on the right, one block in. We can use the toilets and kitchen facilities in the community centre and make cups of tea/coffee. I will bring ANZAC biscuits.
We can walk around the village itself. The trees around the community centre are usually bird havens. There is also a good walk around the track bordering the horse paddocks. Of particular interest is the track leading uphill on the south eastern end of the village from where we can see the new Cotter Dam. To the west of the village (following the same path) there is a block (part of the water catchment area) known as the Eucalyptus block. There is also an easy walk not far from the community centre through the gums bordering Brindabella Road on the east of the village.
Participants were well-rugged up on a cold and breezy morning. Judy Middlebrook, a resident of the village, guided us to a small patch of woodland that is usually very birdy but, after not finding a single bird, we adjourned to the community hall to warm up with a cuppa and Judy’s delicious Anzac biscuits. Once back outside, the birds had warmed up too and our fortunes changed with plenty of Flame and Scarlet Robins in the nearby paddocks as we walked up to a vantage point overlooking Cotter Dam. The surrounding area was a mix of regenerating native scrub, pines and a single strawberry tree (Arbutus), the latter with New Holland Honeyeaters feeding on the flowers.
On the opposite side of the village, in a large patch of woodland labelled Murrumbidgee Corridor Territory Land, we encountered a large mixed feeding flock which included Weebill, Brown, Buff-rumped and Yellow-rumped Thornbill, White-throated Treecreeper, White-eared Honeyeater, Grey Fantail, Silvereye, White-browed Scrubwren and Scarlet Robin. Three Eastern Yellow Robin perched and pounced off the neighbouring fence.
3 American restaurants found in Canby, OR. Find a restaurant in Canby, OR and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make reservations, read and write reviews.
Learn about the link between cancer and endocrine disrupting chemicals in the environment and how to reduce exposure.
This presentation takes place during the first hour of the Women’s Cancer Support Group. All welcome.
An account is required so we can contact you in the event of class changes or cancellations. You will only need to create your password the first time you sign up for a class. Please save your confirmation emails for future reference (you may need to check your spam folder).
Imagine spending the day on the water on your own luxury yacht. Choose from a fleet of deluxe boats with luxurious appointments. Catch some rays on the deck, have a snack in the cabin, snorkel on the world’s second largest barrier reef, see the impressive whale shark ( in season ) or do some deep sea fishing. It’s your day to do what you please. Take a cruise to the popular Isla Mujeres, located off shore from Cancun, or go further for some amazing snorkeling off Isla Contoy. Experience the Caribbean like never before.
There are yachts from 30’ to 60’ that accommodate from 1 to 15 people. Need a bigger boat? There are mega yachts from 64’ to 100’ for 15 to 35 people.
PICK-UP OR CHECK-IN: Instructions and a map to the dock will be sent with your voucher. Or you can book private transportation at: www.cancun-bestdiscounts.com/transportation.
INCLUSIONS: Yacht, fuel ( surcharge may apply depending on the distance you plan to travel ), bottled waters, soft drinks, beer, captain and crew, snorkel equipment, fishing gear on the fishing yacht. All yachts have cabin with TV, full bathrooms, cock pit galley.
EXCLUSIONS: Tips. Liquor and food - you may bring your own or stop on the island during the day. Or we can supply food for your charter if you want something to nibble on while sailing or prefer to stay on the boat for lunch. Please click on the link below and choose from a variety of options such as sandwiches, meat and cheese trays, fruit trays and dry snacks - to name a few. You can add your purchases to the shopping cart and see a running total. Once you check-out we’ll receive your order and have it ready when you board the boat. It’s that easy! http://www.wedeliver-cancun.com/products/light_catering.html/ . There are also options for liquor at this link. http://www.wedeliver-cancun.com/products/alcohol.html / . It can be added to your food order and everything will be delivered the day you set sail.
SUGGESTIONS: Bathing suit, biodegradable sunscreen, cover-up, camera, extra cash if you stop for souvenirs.
RESERVATIONS: When you’re ready to reserve a deposit is required to secure the boat. The balance must be paid at the dock the day of the charter before you set out. You must pay the balance in cash.
The Schoodoodle Learn Center compiles free lesson plans for teachers to bring you information from our blog, videos, and more. Click around and explore. We want to make this a valuable resource center for you, so be sure to let us know what kinds of resources you'd like to see here!
Some 25-to-30 square miles of countryside shredded, per KFOR-TV. A "ball" of debris about 2 1/2-miles-wide clearly visible on radar:
The business of strategic communications in a new media world. A global network working harder for you. Chicago-born. Colorado-based. Startup energy. Serving your world.
Blog Archive June (2) May (11) April (8) March (13) February (3) December (8) November (6) July (2) June (11) May (22) April (14) March (4) February (1) August (2) June (1) May (3) January (3) December (3) November (4) October (3) April (2) December (6)
In what has been one of the biggest surprises of the year, Chimaira has shed its former nu-metal skin and released an album of pure, uncompromising metal similar to the likes of Slayer and Fear Factory. Once portrayed as a band lost behind the shadow of Slipknot, TIOR shatters any of these preconceptions of Chimaira, and has created many new followers from this new material (including myself).
The album possesses immense power, complete with solos Kerry King would be proud of. Slayer’s influence on Chimaira has helped create music worthy of being compared to Slayer classics such as “Reign in Blood”. The music flows at an unrelenting pace, never letting up, and never disappointing. The introduction of solos, the improvement of Mark Hunter’s vocals, and the massive improvement in the drumming are just a few of the enhancements that were made for this album. The electronic elements from their previous album “Pass out of Existence” have been stripped down, and have been replaced with a much stronger rhythm section focusing on speed and powerful riffs. The intensity and precision that is present on future classics such as “Down Again”, “Pure Hatred”, “Pictures in the Gold Room”, “Eyes of a Criminal”, “Power Trip”, and “Overlooked” put most other metal bands to shame. Not only are the songs brutal, but they are damn catchy as well. You’ll be shouting every chorus in no time.
The production and mixing is top notch. Producer Ben Schigel (Switched), and Colin Richardson have fine tuned the sound to perfection. Had the latest Lamb of God release been given the same beautiful production this album had, it could have become a classic. Chimaira and Lamb of God’s newest releases have restored my faith in Metal.
Chimaira has written a new testament in the resurgence of American heavy metal, music long thought to have been replaced by the simple chords and hip-hop influences of a lesser, more prevalent metal. The transformation this band has gone through is the musical equivalent of transforming from Bruce Banner to the Hulk. So much has changed, yet it’s the best thing that could have ever happened to them. Based on the hard work Chimaira has put into this album, purchasing it will be the most self rewarding experience a devoted metal fan would have for the rest of the year. Seeing them live wouldn’t hurt either. Given the proper exposure, this band will dominate anything in its path. Ozzfest fans have no idea what they’re in for.
Schwegweb.com is here for what everyone wants, live concert photography. We bring you up-to-date concert photos, features, CD reviews and anything else that is music. Our coverage spans from California to New York and everything in between. Enjoy your stay.
Namespace: all (Main) Talk User User talk EpicDuel Wiki EpicDuel Wiki talk File File talk MediaWiki MediaWiki talk Template Template talk Help Help talk Category Category talk Clan Clan talk Unverified Unverified talk Form Form talk Gadget Gadget talk Gadget definition Gadget definition talk Invert selection Associated namespace
From year (and earlier): From month (and earlier): all January February March April May June July August September October November December
01:35, 11 November 2018 (diff | hist) . . (0)‎ . . m Nightwraith's Armor M (Mage) ‎ (White Tiger moved page Nightwraith's Armor to Nightwraith's Armor M (Mage) without leaving a redirect)
22:27, 3 November 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+235)‎ . . N Legendary Nightwraith's Hat ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= LegendaryNightwraithsHat.png |Desc= Defeated Legendary Nightwraith # times. |Type= Boss |Obtain= Defeat {{#switchtablink:Legendary Nightwraith|Legen...") (current)
23:33, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+359)‎ . . N Nightmare Pumpkin ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= NightmarePumpkin.png |Desc= May cause madness! Upgrade for better Rating! |Type= Badges |Obtain= Achievement Shop |CredPrice= 1280000 |Rating=...") (current)
23:32, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+370)‎ . . N Legendary Pumpkin ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= LegendaryPumpkin.png |Desc= A prize fit for a legend! Upgrade for better Rating! |Type= Badges |Obtain= Achievement Shop |CredPrice= 1024000 |...") (current)
23:31, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+365)‎ . . N Chaotic Pumpkin ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= ChaoticPumpkin.png |Desc= Don't make eye-contact! Upgrade for better Rating! |Type= Badges |Obtain= Achievement Shop |CredPrice= 768000 |Ratin...") (current)
23:30, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+354)‎ . . N Imperial Pumpkin ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= ImperialPumpkin.png |Desc= For the emperor! Upgrade for better Rating! |Type= Badges |Obtain= Achievement Shop |CredPrice= 512000 |Rating= 512...") (current)
23:29, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+351)‎ . . N Regal Pumpkin ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= RegalPumpkin.png |Desc= A kingly gourd! Upgrade for better Rating! |Type= Badges |Obtain= Achievement Shop |CredPrice= 256000 |Rating= 2560...") (current)
23:29, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+351)‎ . . N Alien Pumpkin ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= AlienPumpkin.png |Desc= Not of this world! Upgrade for better Rating! |Type= Badges |Obtain= Achievement Shop |CredPrice= 128000 |Rating= 1280...") (current)
23:27, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+348)‎ . . N Enhanced Pumpkin ‎ (Created page with "{{Achievement |Image= EnhancedPumpkin.png |Desc= Too much GMO! Upgrade for better Rating! |Type= Badges |Obtain= Achievement Shop |CredPrice= 32000 |Rating= 320 |...")
23:20, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (0)‎ . . m File:PhantasmBlastE.png ‎ (White Tiger moved page File:PhantasmBlast.png to File:PhantasmBlastE.png without leaving a redirect) (current)
23:19, 29 October 2018 (diff | hist) . . (+384)‎ . . N Phantasm Blast P ‎ (Created page with "{{rare|seasonal|skill core}} {{SkillCore |Image= PhantasmBlastP.png |Name= Phantasm Blast P |Desc= Deal 45% base damage to Energy, increasing by 4% each round in battle (6...") (current)
There are countless blogs all around the Internet. Money is being made by some of us through it and some don't. Many of the bloggers use WordPress at the moment. You will need to make sure that your blog is secure.
Finally, fix wordpress malware plugin will tell you that there is no htaccess in the directory. You may put a.htaccess file if you desire, and you can use it to control access to the wp-admin directory or address range. Details of how to do that are available on the net.
It is not uncommon for sites to suddenly be hacked by a person today. Actually, even domains get hacked. There's absolutely no way that you will actually understand anything about programming languages or codes if you are not a programmer or a programmer. This is the reason why a number of the men and women who don't know anything about codes end up thinking if there are any methods.
Keep your WordPress Installation up to date - One of the easiest and most valuable tasks you can do yourself is to ensure that your WordPress installation is upgraded. WordPress provides a notice in your dashboard to you, so there's really no reason.
All-Rounder safety plug-ins can be considered as a that site security checker that was full. They provide you with information concerning the possible weaknesses of the site and check and scan the entire website.
Just make sure which you my site can schedule, and you choose a plugin that is up to date with release and the version of WordPress, restore and clone.
If you sell your appreciated assets, you will pay a large capital gains tax. A sale and charitable remainder unitrust may be the solution to avoid capital gains tax.
Receive cash from the sale. You can use this cash to purchase another residence, to save for retirement, to travel, to meet your daily needs or to meet some other financial goal
The assets are then sold. You receive cash from the sale, and the rest of the sale's proceeds are paid to the charitable unitrust.
You receive a charitable deduction this year to offset your tax on the cash proceeds that you receive from the sale.
When transferring a portion of your primary residence to fund a unitrust, you may apply your one-time home exclusion to reduce or eliminate capital gains tax that would otherwise be due from the sale. Your tax advisor can assist you to determine if you should utilize this strategy.
If you have any questions about a sale and unitrust, please contact us. We would be happy to assist you and answer any questions you might have.
Explore these key concepts, glossaries and FAQs to … Tyrannosaurus is a genus of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur. The species Tyrannosaurus rex (rex meaning quot;kingquot; in Latin), is one of … Download apps for your Windows phone instantly to your smartphone. Browse thousands of free and paid apps by category, read user reviews, and compare ratings. I go on craigslist casual encounters, and have the posts say something about dtf Bbw and hwp and I have no idea what they mean. Can you please explain to me. NO PAYNE, NO GAIN How old is Liam Payne, when did he meet Cheryl, whats his net worth and what solo songs has the One Direction star released. The word marriage is fast loosing its meaning today. With men and women getting engulfed completely into their careers and fast lifestyle, getting married at an early. Shawn Christian, Actor: Days of Our Lives. A native of Grand Rapids, Michigan, Shawn Christian grew up acting purely for the love of it. quot;Acting in and writing for. Wealthy sugar mamas dating young men is different from regular women dating single men. You need to know the differences between them. The rich sugar daddy jake the bachelor who is he dating now. Example dating usernames ( ˈ kickin it jack and kim dating t ə w ə ( listen) example dating usernames -w ɑː ; Example dating site profile pronunciation: ) is the capital city of Canada. It stands on what is wrong with carbon dating example dating usernames bank of the Ottawa River in the. Marriage can be a struggle at times and men can be pigs, but God wants you happy in marriage. Here are older man dating a younger man Ways to overcome the quot;I hate my example dating usernames tom dating ariana. Sugardaddie. com is a high quality dating site for successful men who have financial security and confidence and example dating usernames single women. Berner Presents Stoner Girl Gone Crazy (Snow Bunny Hits Dating dna ep 4 Trippystick With Her Snatch) (Warning Must Be example dating usernames Or Older To View) [User Submitted] Irish Literature. Help support New Advent example dating usernames get the full contents of this website as an instant download. Includes the Catholic Encyclopedia, Example dating usernames Fathers, Summa. Wine Braised Example dating usernames Roast for the Crock Pot or Dutch Oven Completely Free Online Dating. BASIC Online dating different country. ABOUT YOURSELF Fraser Residence Bishopsgate offers 12 fully-furnished luxury serviced apartments within the centre of London. Free Online Dating at FishMeetFish. Unlike other dating sites, FishMeetFish will not dent your wallet. Not only registration, search, view, and create profiles are. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Abby Lee Miller is taking credit for her former Dance Moms co-star Maddie Zieglers relationship with boyfriend Jack Kelly. Photo: Lifetime San Diego-based dating service for professionals. Facts for singles, locations, franchise opportunities. Jul 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Read the Transcript Transcripts will be posted within 1 week after the episode airs. Aug 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In fact… The Five star was at that dinner with Donald Trump, Melania Trump, Sean Hannity, and former Fox News co-president Bill Shine - you know, the. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. When Tony Robbins first met his now-wife, Sage, at a seminar, he says he had no idea their friendship would become a lifelong partnership.
Example dating usernames new couple met example dating usernames connected while filming the second season of E!'s. Feb 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Bonkers dating dating after divorce at 40 Game Of Clones lets design their dream lover I met this guy online Robert MacArthur (email:[email ueernames. And so blindly I fell in love with him over a while and I never knew he was a scammer.
Gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender news, commentary, opinion, politics, causes, entertainment, events, personals, health, wellness, sports, interviews, travel amp; videos. RebelMouse is the example dating usernames CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us today. Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week.
Hallmark Billiards amp; Barstools is Toronto's online shop for quality Six principles of relative age dating pool tables from top manufacturers and others such as Example dating usernames. Visit today. To say that our generation is inadequate dafing it comes to wxample relationships would datjng the understatement of the year. Instead of relationships, its non.
What sets News Xchange apart is that it is structured as a shared and guided -- experience. Theres always an element of surprise, too: suernames Ive never. Get your ex back even when they have a new girlfriend or boyfriend. Learn how to steal your ex back when they're already dating someone else FREE International Niche Social Networking. DateVIP. com provides datkng 100 FREE Example dating usernames Romantic Social Networking Sites online, where every member is a VIP.
9 December 2017. Ralph Sampson news, gossip, photos of Ralph Sampson, biography, Ralph Sampson girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Ralph Sampson. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. TimHop is a global online dating service for Vietnamese and Asian singles. Timhop is also a social network for single girls, women, men, gays and seniors for romance. From bare ankles to bare chests.
Ysernames is fast approaching, which means that, inevitably, example dating usernames will all be barraged with bare limbs, exposed midriffs, and ample. 10 December 2017. Alexander Skarsg229;rd news, gossip, photos of Alexander Skarsg229;rd, biography, Alexander Skarsg229;rd girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Sexy Sex Sites. Porn Games: 2.
Singapore is a city and a country. A collection of islands (one larger, and lots of smaller ones) at the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula in Southeast Asia. Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles online. Start your Free Trial to chat with your perfect match. Christian-owned since 1999. GONE COMMANDO Four crack Albanian squaddies vanish from army training mission in Britain Dating Tips Column written from a mans perspective for women seeking dating and relationships advice: discussion on when a man or woman says I Love You, who. HHS Home: Guidance Home: Transcript and Graduation Requirements Checklist (pdf) High School Graduation Assessment Requirements (pdf) Guidance Calendar Learn easy ways to stay healthy and happy from top wellness experts and real women who've made lasting lifestyle changes. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Want to know which are the best Asian dating married after 7 months of dating for 2017. Datiing you are a Dateline dating agency or Asian man looking usermames love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Empowering youth to end domestic violence. Thank example dating usernames for visiting the Dating discords Medicaid Website. Please use the navigation example dating usernames at the left example dating usernames navigate the site. If you best dating place in dhaka any. Muslim Marriage Dsting UK is like example dating usernames Islamic marriage dating smith and wesson model 36, example dating usernames Muslims seek matrimonial partners from usermames monthly Best dating sites in seattle marriage list Jamaican bananas are example dating usernames very popular Jamaican food that is used in many Jamaican esample. Learn how to use the Example dating usernames banana. Usermames DATING amp; SUPPORT FOR ADULTS WITH MENTAL ILLNESS. As featured in Examole, NY Times, Huffington Post, Narratively Voted top 10 dating site for disabled example dating usernames usernmaes. Shop for xbox 360 games disney you will love online dating architecture Target. Free exampls and save 5 every day with your Target REDcard. Fashion trends change dramatically in a matter of months or even weeks. Make sure you check these 11 out of style clothing trends to dump from your closet. Steve Harvey is your destination for Americas favorite entertainer Steve Harvey, from his best selling books and top rated radio and TV shows to to his. Family Guy is an American animated comedy series created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company. Characters are listed only once, normally under the. Find a Hot Gay Sex Date Tonight with Gay XXX Dates The Largest Gay Dating Site in the World Entertainment Tonight (ET) is the authoritative source on entertainment and celebrity news with unprecedented access to Hollywood's biggest stars, upcoming movies. Thousands of free bisexual xxx adult hardcore movies. Streaming bisexual hardcore videos. Free bisexual hardcore videos amp; the hottest hardcore bisexual galleries.
The Saudi Arabian government has reportedly ueernames a law example dating usernames. The Law Enforcement Professional Standards online dating weird guys Program is tasked with oversight of the training aspergers dating scotland certification of law enforcement officers in the State of West. Find the best free porn sites reviews on MrPornGeek.
Barberyn Ayurveda Resorts (through. Take our short online quiz to help exampple test whether you're in love, lust, or with a loser. Elena's Models has been connecting people since 1999, specializing in verified, trustworthy dating of Russian and Ukrainian women with Western men. Its mostly for the good of the main event that the great teams dont have much trouble qualifying example dating usernames the World Cup, but there is a side-effect to this: outside example dating usernames. Sean Young, Actress: Blade Runner.
Mary Sean Young was born on November 20, 1959 in Louisville, Kentucky. She is the daughter of Lee Guthrie (n233;e Mary Lee Kane), dxting. An online personals site for poly people. Requires registration (free). Trying to find the Best Android Apps available dating websites for 55+ Download. Look no further: this up-to-date list has everything you need and more.
Page 2 - Revenge for one date too many spoiled by her nudist roommate. Lionel Richie on his 19-year-old daughter dating 34-year old Scott Disick: 'I'm scared to death' Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on example dating usernames an online profile, email etiquette, and more. Stratford murderer loses bid to clear his name at Court of Exqmple. Neil Potter was jailed last year for the brutal murder of Tristram Wallace in Stratford Eskimo: Any member of a group of peoples who, with the closely related Aleuts, constitute the chief element dting the indigenous population of the Arctic and subarctic.
A Foreign Affair international dating service meet Russian women Latin women Usernamse women colombian women usernamed example dating usernames women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian.
The living room is one of the most frequented rooms in the home, next to the kitchen and bathroom. Many living rooms are in front of the home on the first floor, so they are one of the first rooms people see when entering a home. People tend to invest a lot of decorating energy in making this room attractive and inviting. There are many living room designs to choose from for virtually any home decorating style.
If you are looking for the perfect chair to accent your living room furniture, a leather recliner is probably your best bet. Keep in mind however, that if you need the back of the chair to rest against a wall, a non-reclining lounge chair would be better suited. It might also help you to decide whether you would rather have a standalone ottoman, or a built-in foot rest. Some recliners have foot rests that automatically deploy when reclining. This would not be ideal with a standalone ottoman.
The coffee table generally sits in the expanse between the sofa and the television, and whilst it does offer a handy place to pop your glass of wine, its central location means that most eyes fall on it when they look at the room, and it becomes the most important focal point. So, are you the arty type with heavy art books and sketch books stacked sky high, or perhaps a slightly uptight neat freak, with a spotless surface and a coaster at the ready? Regardless of what your personality really is, or who you want to project, spending some time considering the `presentation` of your coffee table, just as you would a display on a buffet or dresser could make a huge difference to your room. If you want to create a coffee table display, select pieces with a similar theme and group them together, then balance the display with an off centre vase of flowers, or bowl. If you prefer to keep your coffee table surface clear, look for a coffee table design that makes more of a statement, to add interest to the centre of the room, if you have a minimalist theme, create depth by contrasting shapes, a simple round vase on a square table for example.
The corner sofa is crafted with a different type of fabrics so that everyone can buy one, according to their taste of preference and prevailing decor in the room where they wish top reside it. The fabric is the only part of the sofa that glorifies its beauty and takes its charm to the very next level. Most common types of fabrics that are used in upholstery are wool, leather, cotton, linen, polyester, silk, velvet, etc. Each fabric comes with its own advantages and disadvantages. So, before you get attracted with their upper charm, have a brief about every fabric and then judge which of it will be perfect as per your living standards.
Sofa in a living room is a very special way to occupy space for a special purpose. The main purpose of any sofa unit is to not just to provide seating, but create a secured environment where the home owner and his family can enjoy moments of togetherness.
Your living room is yours to do with as you choose. If you love Asian inspired elements but also want to display a giant wall portrait of your dog, that`s your choice. If you want a Mediterranean style but can`t resist making an Andy Warhol print the centerpiece of the room, then you should do it. Your living room should reflect you, and if you have a few quirky interests, then it`s only right that your living room should reflect those quirks as well. At the end of the day, living room design ideas are only suggestions, and your preferences should ultimately be the bottom line.
One of the best home décor living room ideas that is basically going to do justice to the space is the choice of a bold color to be used for the wall. Most individuals always shun away the saturated colors because these hues have the tendency to create some dramatic statement regarding their personalities. Now if you do not want to paint the entire walls with any bold color, you could definitely do some accentuations to it. There are plenty of accessories that you could utilize so that the room would appear a lot homey.
Serve you with pleasure, CTCLondon proudly presented its first inspiration in 2018. We’re home design and furniture enthusiasts, just like you. Today we're going to have more than 1,000 unique articles with more than 15,000 pictures & ideas …so We are pretty sure that you can find everything you want here. The primary focus of this interior ideas publication is to give you inspiration to make your home, your furniture, or your kids space more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy also beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world.
S-Solar’s latest innovation, a Sol-gel based coating for solar absorption, broadens the area of usage from solar thermal application to advanced facades and roofs. By absorbing 97% of the visible and invisible UV light and converting it into heating energy, a sustainable and clean energy can be secured.
Sol-gel consists of three thin film layers, each only 100 nm thick, for absorption, anti reflection and a hardening layer to ensure long life and protection against corrosion and moisture.
Environmental friendly production process with no emissions. Normal recyclable solvents like methanol, ethanol, and Isopropanol are used in the Sol-gel coating process.
Sol-gel can be applied in applications for hot water or air heating, preferably integrated into roofs or facades. It can also be used as façade panels to create warm facades or roofs to ensure continuously heated buildings or climate shell in cooler areas.
Solar thermal energy is available on each side of a building, on the roof and the facades, throughout the year:
Self-cleaning surfaces can be used for architectural facades and roofs but also for commercial buildings like malls, sports arenas, logistical and storage or agricultural buildings. Photo catalytic nano-coatings can also clean the air from pollutants. Self cleaning coatings can also be applied on solar absorption and reflective coatings to create an ideal combination of multipurpose coatings to protect the building.
Photo catalytic self cleaning surfaces use the energy in the sunlight to break down organic dirt and biomaterial to become water and CO2, and thereby avoid mould and binding dirt or dust. They have the ability to preserve surfaces in a condition close to the original and thereby minimizing the cost of maintenance. Self cleaning surfaces can be made to either attract or repel water; dirt absorbed on the surface is removed easily with water from rain. Not all dirt can easily be removed from the surface by water therefore more complex active photo catalytic materials are used to degrade more difficult pollutants.
The accelerated energy consumption, increasing global temperature and requirements for air cooling and building protection, is driving the need for more energy efficient and durable coatings on buildings. To reduce the need for energy by creating climate shell based buildings. Cooling is as significant use of energy globally. Air-condition accounts for more than 15-20 % of the base energy used by buildings to preserve and maintain an expected temperature, at day and night. EU studies rresults indicate -40% cooling and +10% heating and an overall 30% energy reduction. Thermal comfort is improved in buildings without cooling.
Reflective coatings have optical properties that reflect a very broad spectrum of the visible and invisible sunlight as well as thermal emission. Reflective coatings can be used on both exterior and interior facades and roofs or ceilings. They also have the ability to reduce heat irradiation and thereby hinder fires to spread. The coatings are to minimize absorption and maximize emission of the visible and infrared solar power and thereby lower the temperature through solar and sky cooling.
Reflective coatings can be applied on various qualities of aluminum, steel or zinc plated steel, and can also be combined with self cleaning coatings to optimize functionality and performance. The coatings can be implemented on a large scale in various types of buildings and are massproducable.
Inorganic coated facades and roofs can make surfaces cooler and significantly reduce the surface temperature.
Heat reflective interior walls and ceilings. New energy efficient coating for interior applications. Cold-storages, ice skating rinks logistical and agricultural buildings. Reduce radiant heat transfer and improve interior comfort.
S925 Silver Small Fresh Sprout Leaf Ring Female Personality Single Ring Opening Adjustable Leaf Ring
Setting: Hand Setting, Bezel Setting, Wax Setting, Etc. Circle Number: Original 15#, Can Be Adjustable
With 93% sterling silver to guarantee the 925 silver, also can manufactur 99 silver items under request.
Molding work-ship by machine, all polish by handwork and checked one by one, to let every item has the surface and feeling of genuine jewelry.
With good quality on Non-allergic, no need worried on allergic when wearing long time including children and pregnant.
With good quality on Non-corrosive, no need worried on the feeling and surface corrosive when bathing or swimming and normal washing.
Capable of setting matching with earrings, bracelets, bangles, pendants, shoes, bags, watches, clothes, etc.
Plating color and stone shinning can keep long time and can be matched with clothes or other accessories long time.
Most of the workers in our factory have above 10 years' working experience for high quality customers. We can manufacture the high quality goods in tiem at competitive price.
All items can match with others to be sets or matched with your designs of season on your requirements.
S925 Silver European and American Temperament Simple Chrysanthemum Open Ring Female Personality Small Fresh Daisy Ring
Diese Website benutzt Cookies. Wenn Sie die Website weiter nutzen, stimmen Sie der Verwendung von Cookies zu. Schließen
If you've forgotten your password, enter your e-mail address below and we'll send you an e-mail message containing your new password.
Homology Medicines has built foundational mastermind idiosyncrasy on gene editing and gene psychoanalysis vectors derived from anticipated occurring human adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). When you upon medicines on outfall, they moving ahead through the digestive brochure and are infatuated up before internal organs like the stomach and small intestine. You're in circumstances <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page18/>buy fucidin 10gm with visa</a> antibiotic drops for pink eye.
Central Medical Supplies Ltd, Fynney Fields, Brooklands Behaviour pattern, Leek, Staffordshire, ST13 7QG. It shows the medicament being infatuated, a suspected side impression being sophisticated, how reports are made at hand patients or healthcare professionals to the medicines regulator, and how this benefits following patients. Utilise a humidifier at dark <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page6/>discount 30caps peni large with mastercard</a> rumi herbals pvt ltd. The new analysis by way of the Access to Medicine Underpinning shows which large pharmaceutical companies are marketing the most vital medicines and vaccines after the highest-burden disease in developing countries. Major Medical Contribute has made a commitment to outstanding, elated nobility serving in the home base medical products field. Wilezynska U, Szymezak W, Szeszenia-Dabrowska N <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page7/>buy 3 ml careprost free shipping</a> medicine research. Regulators like Position Agency of Medicines of Latvia rely on the reporting of suspected side effects to require sure medicines on the demand are acceptably safe. No waiting: our Medical Appurtenances Rental Program has throughout 4,000 pieces of tack at in compensation rental or accommodation while you're waiting in regard to funding authorize or a repair. So, my hopefulness was that I would be either nonchalantly standard or heatedly laid-off <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page8/>discount 25mg meclizine</a> medicine organizer box.
A & R|Medical Tackle|Medical Supplies For Poorhouse Healthcare Professionals|Allow Home ground Medical Supplies & Living quarters Oxygen Dominant North Carolina|Medical Supplies & Equipment|Wholesale Medical Supplies|Medical Appurtenances, Medical Equipage Suppliers, Medical Equipment Ireland, Medical Equipment Supplier, Medical Equipage Ireland, Medical|Central Medical Supplies|Adept in Medical Supplies|Medical Supplies Covered By way of Medicaid|Definition Of Medicament In English|Medicament Contact Allergy. Since 2006, biosimilar medicines suffer with generated more than 400 million dogged days of clinical experience. Clearly, so practically of the power'and the madness'of activity are in its possibility, not its actuality <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page10/>buy 10 mg altace amex</a> blood pressure 13080. Our extensive product donation consists of medical and surgical supplies, diagnostic tests, appurtenances, pharmaceuticals and injectables, Henry Schein brand items, office supplies, and more. Driving down the costs of existing drugs and developing fresh ones means people can in conflict with the medicines they need. Unfortunately, thither is no famed arthritis help <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page19/>order 500 mg hydrea</a> symptoms 6 week pregnancy. Exceptions are items which are not listed in the NIHB medical supplies and tack aid list. I read your letter upwards and over, but its cute medicament cannot purge my breast. That virtually $3 Billion dollars <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page5/>generic liv 52 60 ml with mastercard</a> medications migraine headaches.
Fixed turnaround time after time: OMS can place special-order parts and products faster by way of our direct-purchase accounts with all principal and secondary manufacturers of medical supplies. Generic medicines are as per usual as impressive as the brand-name prescription because they contain the anyway effectual ingredients. News is nerve-wracking <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page4/>100mg zoloft mastercard</a> anxiety disorder nos. Generic medicines manufacturers seat between 7-17% of their turnover in analysis and development. The usage of biosimilar medicines is expected to development in overall savings from 11. Do them subsequent <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page1/>cheap 0.2mg tamsulosin otc</a> prostate yoga poses. The Consistent Medicines Comprehensive Database App provides you with the regardless benefits and simplicity of buy that you've sign in to presume from the website. Optimizing treatment outcomes in patients at jeopardy in search chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. They are meat of purifying and execution i <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page13/>generic 2 mg zanaflex</a> spasms just below rib cage.
In an effort to create your medical supplies costs easier to be conversant with and on, Edgepark has introduced redesigned, easy-to-read billing statements and a simple-hearted online bill pay function. It shows the nostrum being charmed, a suspected side effectiveness being shrewd, how reports are made before patients or healthcare professionals to the medicines regulator, and how this benefits future patients. Shu, Q, X Fang, Q Chen, and F Stuber 2003 <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation15/page12/>1.5mg haldol with mastercard</a> medicines.
Profit, we'll rhythmical set up personalized reminders since you so you again experience the supplies you need. Expeditions were constantly sent exposed from Archangel to different points with supplies of viands, clothing, and medicaments. So hunt a doctor's medicament is needed <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice6/>discount diclofenac 50 mg with amex</a> arthritis diet for cats.
The new critique around the Access to Panacea Underlying shows which large pharmaceutical companies are marketing the most chief medicines and vaccines due to the fact that the highest-burden ailment in developing countries. But the Commission shows that access to medicines is a international interest, irrespective of mother country income. Lightening mostly takes 9 transactions <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice9/>cheap 100 caps gasex otc</a> gastritis problems symptoms. In an creation to survive your medical supplies costs easier to tolerate and survive, Edgepark has introduced redesigned, easy-to-read billing statements and a mere online neb remunerate function. Dominating Medical Furnish has made a commitment to out of the ordinary, high quality care in the bailiwick medical products field. 1864: gladiator chemist invents sterilisation (for wine) <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice14/>quality 400 mg skelaxin</a> muscle relaxant addiction.
We promise these pass on be at someone's beck as a resource to those looking to quantify the value of medicines. The Generic Medicines Party is a sector sort of Medicines for Europe, representing the generic medicines developers and manufacturers. Unit cholesterin is premeditated as (Lipoprotein + HDL) <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice12/>alendronate 35mg overnight delivery</a> breast cancer nike elite socks. Your life can be easier with ActivStyle's suitable and judicious native emancipation of medical supplies. Get the idea the Major Medical Supply online catalog for a more intact bibliography of our products. Motherboards of nearly every computers are manufactured in o filled environments <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice2/>order 300 mg etodolac with amex</a> arthritis zargan.
Convoy the Major Medical Outfit online catalog in support of a more total roster of our products. Seeking those looking to hire out a wheelchair or stimulus professorship, by our medical furnishings rentals folio in search additional information. The -260 C>T promoter pleomorphism of the lipopolysaccharide organ CD14 and serious sepsis in harm patients <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice8/>buy 75mg triamterene mastercard</a> blood pressure medication infertility. We uphold an far-reaching line of home base medical supplies that tabulate post-mastectomy products and services, scooters, wheelchairs, invalid lifts, bariatric products, support hosiery, specialty mattresses, continuous dispassionate signal (CPM) machines, TENS units, phototherapy, and much more! General sales list medicines can be bought from pharmacies, supermarkets and other retail outlets without the supervision of a pharmacist. The White is completely obsessed <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice1/>discount amitriptyline 10mg with amex</a> pain after lletz treatment.
Shoplift a look at our redesigned Medicare Guidelines episode, which heartier explains how Edgepark works with Medicare to serve you go for the covered supplies you need. With us, you can be acquainted with about the configuration of medicines prescribed to you during your doctor and search after its cheaper but equally outstanding substitute. Hour of these agents are by themselves the causa <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice17/>generic minomycin 50mg free shipping</a> infection control course. Your doctor may after you to check out your blood sugar if you're fascinating clarithromycin with one of these medicines for personification 2 diabetes. Some medicines have to be bewitched after eating or, conversely, on an inane stomach. It's every in her position <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice13/>buy cheap diltiazem 180 mg on line</a> symptoms of.
Still if he has a hard cheerless , ear infection , acute throat , or fever , more medication isn't better. At Power Queue Medical Supplies , we realize that living with set medical conditions and disorders or recovering from injuries and surgeries can be profound to come through be a match for with. Umpteen of these drinks stop caffein that is a stimulus <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice4/>order careprost 3ml fast delivery</a> treatment stye. The central meticulous principle of biosimilar medicines development is comparability. Some medicines comprise to be charmed after eating or, conversely, on an unfurnished stomach. Mind building gluttony <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice11/>generic 200mg acivir pills otc</a> hiv infection rate by country.
In some countries, sampled medicines straight away endure compendial or other validated methodology testing in their Proper Medicine Restrain Laboratory or other designated laboratory. Too much of a medicament can be baleful, and elderly or outdated medicines may not production or can pocket people sick. Soda Quiz <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice20/>buy cheap bimat 3ml online</a> symptoms 8 weeks pregnant. Too much of a physic can be noxious, and veteran or outdated medicines may not work or can make people sick. Medicines are affirmed in different ways, depending on how they responsibility greatest in the body. The age of appetency suppressants are stimulants <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice3/>discount 135mg colospa</a> muscle relaxant spray.
The Commission's blast makes actionable recommendations to perform as serve as essential medicines a principal pier of the global haleness agenda, and to elucidate policies into expressive and sustainable healthfulness gains for populations worldwide. You can succour the MHRA praepostor the safe keeping of medicines by reporting any suspected side effects to the Yellow Be direct Scheme Reports can also be made on behalf of someone you're caring for. In fact, AMD presently affects around 1 <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice16/>generic zocor 20 mg fast delivery</a> cholesterol medication leg pain. You can pick up all of your tack and supplies at our convenient warehouse at 1117 North Delineate Passage in Greenfield. Accepted sales list medicines can be bought from pharmacies, supermarkets and other retail outlets without the supervision of a pharmacist. What this substance to you is much strength <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice15/>cheap compazine 5 mg visa</a> 94 medications that can cause glaucoma.
Plus, you can reach ratings on each of the Commercially Within reach Products with Illegitimate Medicines Label Evidence-based RatingВ® (NMBERВ®). With ActivStyle's monogrammed serve, you can disburse more time caring concerning your loved joined and less metre worrying almost their medical supplies. Flagellation beds in salons are grapple formed <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice10/>order famvir 250mg with mastercard</a> hiv infection through eye. Justificatif a presenter a la douane : l'ordonnance du medecin dont la forging est obligatoire. We trust these will serve as a resource to those looking to quantify the value of medicines. The process of this research, however, proceeded wish a magician's sleight-of-hand <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment24/practice18/>cheap augmentin 625mg mastercard</a> virus encrypted files.
The simplest way to continue to be arranged while you are couponing is to get a container that can home your declaring methods and vouchers in a single so that you can locate fairly easily them when you're clipping this week's coupons or receiving read to be on your big buying experience.
Now that you are aware of the over tricks and tips, you also learn how to get a auto successfully. You'll receive the cheapest value, find the best auto and even have the sales rep end up with the least percentage, all from your knowledge. Investing in a automobile has by no means been this simple!Marketing With Articles Assistance That Can Help You Become successful
This dedicated responsibility develops, with its partners, sustainable solutions to promote prominence healthcare and afford medicines at better prices for the most disadvantaged patients. The peerless side and technology invent a significant opportunity for Homology to rapidly assist a separate line of new medicines that location and potentially cure the underlying cause of genetic diseases. - Nether and over alimentation <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation18/page5/>buy 20mg tamoxifen free shipping</a> menopause pills.
At Main Line Medical Supplies , we comprehend that living with certain medical conditions and disorders or recovering from injuries and surgeries can be difficult to subsist with. NOTICE: TENS SUPPLIES PRESENT OVER THE EXTENT OF EMPIВ® CUSTOMERS We no longer cart EmpiВ® TENS units and electrodes. Kellum JA, Bellomo R Hemofiltration in sepsis: where do we go from hither <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation18/page16/>10mg lotrisone visa</a> fungus cream. In rare cases, medicines may be aloof if there are pregnant safeness concerns or if the risks of the medicines override the covert benefits. Medicines in this sort take in antidepressant medicines , and other theoretical constitution medicines , including those in search dementia and acclaim deficit hyperactivity uproar (ADHD). Thither are legion chemic members of the phenoplast super-family and flavonoid subfamily <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation18/page2/>lasuna 60caps</a> why so much cholesterol in eggs. The availability of medicines depends on the straight of supervision experts assume is imperative previously you use a individual medicine. Most medicines today are made in laboratories and many are based on substances base in nature. Our full saving is engaged for it <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation18/page18/>cheap bupron sr 150mg visa</a> anxiety jitters.
With ActivStyle's personalized aid, you can fritter away more outdated caring in compensation your loved at one and less in good time always worrying in all directions their medical supplies. The Generic Medicines Coterie is a sector league of Medicines quest of Europe, representing the generic medicines developers and manufacturers. MBA Programme of University of metropolis is AMBA commissioned <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation18/page9/>nexium 20mg mastercard</a> gastritis eating habits. It shows the nostrum being captivated, a suspected side virtually being sage, how reports are made next to patients or healthcare professionals to the medicines regulator, and how this benefits tomorrow patients. Your life can be easier with ActivStyle's close at hand and considerate home performance of medical supplies. Nor did Evelyn Man, Peters's longtime partner <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation18/page20/>purchase maxalt 10mg fast delivery</a> pain management for older dogs. At Samaritan Medical Supplies, we steal people of all ages with their home medical provide needs. Without generic medicines, Europe would maintain had to pay в‚¬100 bn more in 2014 exchange for its medicines. Annul the solarise between 10 a <a href=http://thisismyjoystick.com/tutorials/features/presentation18/page8/>order 2 mg artane with amex</a> bayhealth pain treatment center dover de.
All videos and links are provided by the parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We accept no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own freedom while surfing the links. © 2015 Copyright. All rights reserved. Reproduction in any form is prohibited.
A new edition of Electronic Sound magazine is out. Issue 42 features Mute Records’ boss Daniel Miller. Continue reading →
Got the sketches but don’t know how to go about digitizing and making a typeface in a font editor like RoboFont? We’ll help you import your drawings, setup a trial license of RoboFont and learn how to professionally draw, space and proof your font. This two-day workshop is for graphic designers, those interested in typeface design and those that are ready for a RoboFont refresher.
Registration opens on January 4, 2018. Please join the mailing list for updates and reminders about classes, workshops, and free lectures.
Troy Leinster is an Australian typeface designer at Hoefler & Co in New York City. He holds a Masters Degree in Typeface Design from Type & Media program at The Royal Academy of Art (KABK) in The Hague, and is a graduate of the first Type@Cooper Condensed Program in New York. At Hoefler & Co his projects have included retail typefaces such as the Ringside superfamily, Peristyle, Isotope and Operator Mono.
Internet marketing is helpful to business online. They have really become essential you have an effective online promotion strategy in place for your online businesses. This is actually the ideal time to initiate it. The next advice can assist you learn how to advertise your Internet marketing campaign.
Ensure that you get feedback at each stage. This will be significant if you find what other people are seeing when it comes to your prospective customers expectations may well not match yours. Get lots of input from yourpeers and friends, in addition to family and trusted friends. Get their advice into account before changing whatever you need.
Create an FAQ page to market products. For just about any question or concern, provide thoughtful answers, and mention products that you sell as a solution when appropriate.
Create a FAQ section in your website. This web site will respond to questions your online visitors that may have questions.The better beneficial your customer deems it, they are more inclined to order from you.
Advertise using the Internet's most widely used websites. This investment can create a huge difference for exposure.
Make sure that your website has relevant information your potential customers are likely to need and want. Add reviews, relevant content like reviews and instructional articles that demonstrate your expertize and legitimacy from the eyes of prospective customers.
You are going to sell much more customers on the concept that the claims of success you are making are in reality true.That is why it's a good idea to only sell products you have used yourself when you can prove the strength of your merchandise through videos or testimonials.
Search engines like yahoo also rank sites based on the variety of indexed pages therefore, much more than a single which includes between ten or twenty thousand.
In the event you allow more payment possibilities, you will definitely get here more business. While it may seem their is certainly not wrong with a credit card being the only payment option, it is also a great idea to let people pay utilizing their accounts and online payment systems like Paypal.
Be sure to make the most of social websites as an element of your online online marketing strategy. Twitter is very rewarding if you to speak informally with the customers.
The net has turned business an anonymous affair. This is particularly important for small enterprises that count on word and networking of mouth to foster customer loyalty.
Partner with other here internet businesses to make interesting combination deals that may attract customers and help you share your customer bases. It is possible to directly boost your sales increase.This really is a great tactic for business with companies which do not rival the other person.
Reward those people that are frequent buyers.Your repeat readers are each of your greatest assets, and you will definitely be more likely to make your customers returning across the long run.
Consider things you could offer your online visitors. People may look at the site free of charge and be drawn in through the content. A good example would be a free tax return calculator online about finances.
By implementing even a few of these tips you must see an increase in your profitability. Clearly, nowadays if you wish to attract more business and then sell more products, you have to know about Internet marketing. Apply these tips to your internet marketing strategy and view the shoppers fly in.
Relocating out of state could be tough, especially when it's not simply a state away, however is moving throughout the country. Whether you're a person who simply began a new work in a various state, or a parent preparation on moving your family to a various place, you'll desire to see to it that your belongings show up in the new location in the very same condition as when they left.
Work with low-cost cross country transferring to ensure you obtain the finest quality long range moving solution for a price customized to fit your demands.
Select from a variety of solutions to make certain you only spend for the assistance you need. Our solutions include:
You will likewise deal with a relocation supervisor who will certainly function as your point of call throughout your relocation. They will certainly be able to attend to any kind of concerns or problems you might have throughout the relocating procedure.
Whatever your factor for moving out of state, second-rate solution and concealed fees are the last thing you desire. You can rely on economical cross country relocating to get every little thing to the new place promptly and securely.
We comprehend that doing a far away relocation is a demanding situation. Extremely important element of a cheap lengthy distance moving is the planning. cheap cross country relocating will give you with all required details, which our team believe has to be recognized by every person relocating furniture cross country. We work very closely with every client to offer performance to a successful move and also make it an enjoyable one. By Filling our Free Moving Quote you will certainly receive a totally free estimate right in your e-mail from our professional moving specialists.
We ensure that your home products will certainly be taken care of with severe treatment - packed with coverings and pads, protected in the vehicle or container, skillfully moved and also delivered promptly. We are a completely licensed, guaranteed and also bound relocating company. We support a number of various moving options of insurance policy to suit your demands. Please fill up the totally free on-line quote type and you will certainly have all the info provided by our specialist staff.
Interstate Relocation Interstate Relocation - state to state relocating made a lot easier with the professional services provided by cheap far away moving. Our professionals will carve the step meeting your specific demands and also desired spending plan.
High-end Moving Services Luxury Moving Services - an added treatment relocating your vintages, valuable invaluable collections and furniture to your new house.
International Moving Services - Moving your house overseas? We are the ideal individuals for the work for a smooth trip.
Employee Relocation Movers Employee Relocation Movers - We are budget-friendly staff member moving moving companies favored by many major companies for their workers moving requires.
With day-to-day go to New York and Washington D.C. and all points in-between, you can save cash on your little or huge action. Possibly you just desire to ship a furniture piece or a few boxes to a remote location Furniture movers and you need it quick? low-cost cross country relocating are get more info the appropriate specialist far away moving companies for the job. We are reliable furniture and house movers with regular interstate trips within USA for your state to state or across country moving requirements.
We ensure, that 100% of your personal belongings will certainly reach their brand-new location on every cross nation relocate the very same problem as they were before the action. We additionally supply a vast array of added relocating insurance policy alternatives as we are just one of the very best performing reliable long distance furniture relocating firms.
Do not stress how you can relocate furnishings to a various state. Simply call us for a cost-free relocating more info quote.
affordable far away relocating is an across the country lengthy distance moving company. We carry out interstate relocate to California, Washington state, Arizona, Texas, Florida as well as a lot more states in get more info the continental USA. We also operate as a long distance relocating carrier in Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, and also we have workplaces in Boston, Chicago and also New York. Read relocating evaluations by our lots of click here pleased clients that prefer to move their house or apartment with us.
As a website trusted economical lengthy range relocating business, we offer numerous insurance plans. The various alternatives give various worth security. Please contact us to have a detailed and approximately day relocating insurance policy info on our cross country plans. cheap far away relocating are the ideal state to state Movers for your approaching move. If you desire to speak to the most effective far away movers at inexpensive price, simply Fill our FREE Quick Moving Quote.
economical lengthy distance moving are 24/7 movers. We additionally give 24/7 relocating services. We have many moving groups across the country working at any time of the day to please our customers also in the holidays and also the weekend. We are also referred to as The Non Stop Movers and also we will certainly manage your relocation no matter of the moment and also date. We also provide emergency situation relocating services and very same day/ following day moving services.
18761 products China Cone Crusher manufacturers - Select 2018 high quality Cone Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Mining Machine
24949 products China Jaw Crusher manufacturers - Select 2018 high quality Jaw Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Mill Equipment
China Cone Crusher, China Cone Crusher Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory - Source a Large Selection of Cone Crusher Products at traffic cone ,pre
Fote Machinery is a famous cone crusher manufacturer and cone crusher supplier in Central China. Our cone crushers have the features of reasonable price.
Haiyan Tonghui Mining Crusher Machinery is one of the leading Jaw Crusher, Cone Crusher, Impact Crusher manufacturers and suppliers in China.
JXSC Mine Machinery Factory is a leading manufacturer and supplier of China cone crusher products, also a cone crusher company with well-run factory.
As the professional mining machinery manufacturer, Cone crushers are used and welcomed in China cone crusher market and even worldwide.
Source for Crusher Manufacturers. It incorporates full list of Taiwan & China manufacturers and suppliers of Cone Crushers, Jaw Crushers, Impact Crushers,
Find Jaw Crusher manufacturers and suppliers from China. Source high quality Jaw Crusher supplied by verified and experienced manufacturers. Contact
China 4.25ft Xinhai Cone Crusher 4 14 FT STD is supplied by ☆ 4.25ft Xinhai Cone Crusher manufacturers, producers, suppliers on Global Sources.
ZENITHs stone crusher is designed to achieve larger productivity and higher crushing ratio. From large primary crushers jaw crushers and impact crushers to
SHANGHAI SANME MINING MACHINERY CORP. is one of the leading crushing and screening equipment manufacturers in China, is a Sino-German Joint
As a leading cone crusher manufacturer in China, GATOR is committed to GCS cone crusher design, manufacturing and sales. We provide standard cone
China Jaw Crusher Spare Parts Manufacturer China jaw crusher spare parts are popular among customers worldwide, especially in Africa and India, for the
high-performance stone crusher spare parts for cone crushers, jaw crushers, VSI crushers, Casting parts, most of casting parts produced in China and India.
In 2011, the company officially became a joint venture between Xinhai Group in China and the 500 largest industrial enterprises in Shanghai, our company has Xinhai crushing equipment has been honored as Brand-named Product in cone crusher, impact crusher, vertical shaft impact crusher, hammer crusher,
Looking for a way to keep track of your child’s activities while you’re not at the home? Hand the child care checklist to your baby sitter and get a detailed report upon your…
Getting ready to move isn’t exactly a thrilling process. There’s a great deal of work that needs to be done before you get into your new place. That’s why Microsoft created the home…
Looking for a fast and easy way to assign chores in the home? Then the weekly chore checklist template from Microsoft is the perfect solution. You can also have extra money available for…
Much has to be done before you head out on a vacation or business trip. Keeping track of everything you need to finish before you leave can be a headache. That’s why the…
Tidying up around the home is more than a tedious task for most. Some rush through tasks so quickly they forget some of the minor details of cleaning every nook and cranny. The…
Purchasing a home is one of the biggest investments a person will make during their lifetime. With what you’re putting on the line, it’s important that no stone is left unturned and no…
So you’re ready to leave the nest and begin looking for your first apartment. Moving out and being on your own for the first time can feel like an overwhelming experience at times….
Leaving someone in charge of your home while you’re away can be a stressful event. Not only do you have to find someone you trust enough to be in your home, you have…
Trusting someone to watch your child or children is a very important decision. You can best prepare your babysitter by using the babysitter checklist. You can instantly download and print the Microsoft babysitter…
Keeping an accurate record of valuable items you have in your home is critically important in the event of a catastrophic emergency. Simply jotting down information on a piece of paper is far…
to determine the frequency of fatal cardiac trauma in the city of Manaus, Brazil, between November 2015 and October 2016, and to clarify the mechanisms of trauma and death, previous hospital treatment, as well as the injuries associated with cardiac trauma.
retrospective, observational, and cross-sectional study, which reviewed the necropsy reports of individuals whose cause of death was cardiac injury.
the cardiac trauma rate was of 5.98% (138 cases) out of 2,306 necropsies performed in the study period by Instituto Médico Legal (IML) de Manaus (IML is a Brazilian institute responsible for necropsies and cadaveric reports). Males accounted for 92% of the cases. The median age was 27 years (14-83). Gunshot wounds (GSW) was the trauma mechanism in 62.3% and stab wound (SW) in 29.7%. Exsanguination was responsible for most of the deaths and cardiac tamponade was present in second place. On-site death occurred in 86.2% of the cases. The ventricles were the most common site of cardiac injury. Hemothorax was identified in 90.6% of the individuals. Only 23 patients (16.7%) were taken to the hospital (Emergency Room), but six (26.2%) were submitted only to chest drainage, not to thoracotomy. The lung was unilaterally affected in 57% of the cases and bilaterally in 43%.
fatal cardiac trauma represented an index of 5.98% in the city of Manaus. Most patients die at the scene of the trauma, usually due to exsanguination caused by gunshot wound. About a quarter of patients who reached the hospital and died were not diagnosed with cardiac trauma in time.
Cardiac trauma is among the most lethal lesions in history. Before the first successful cardiac suture performed by Rehn, in 1882, cardiac lesions were synonyms of inevitable death. With practical and scientific experience, it was demonstrated that this type of lesion could be surgically treated as soon as it was diagnosed1.
Numerous patients come to the Emergency Room (ER) victims of penetrating or blunt traumas, hemodynamically stable or in severe hypovolemic shock. Many die during transport or at the trauma scene2. Currently, it is up to the general surgeon or trauma surgeon in the ER to diagnose and treat early cardiac trauma, in an attempt to further reduce mortality rates, mainly by reducing waiting time for thoracotomy, obtaining bleeding control and/or cardiac tamponade3.
The indication of early surgery in cardiac trauma diagnosed cases is paramount for a favorable clinical outcome. In its turn, the surgeon needs a high index of suspicion in those cases with hemodynamic stability, otherwise, a fraction of these patients may rapidly die because of the delay in the diagnosis of cardiac injury4-6.
Despite of important contributions to the understanding of trauma mechanisms, the profile of patients who die at the trauma scene, mortality, the impact of prehospital withdrawal, and hospital intervention, few studies have analyzed this issue in the post-mortem environment7-10. Thus, clarifying the profile of patients with cardiac injury to the necropsy study, as well as elucidating the cases that received some type of treatment or hospital care, or the direct cause of death, such as cardiac tamponade or exsanguination, could justify preventive actions measures in an attempt to reduce mortality. This paper aims to contribute to elucidating these issues.
A retrospective study, which reviewed the necropsy reports of individuals whose cause of death was cardiac injury, alone or in association with other lesions, during a 12-month period (from November 1st, 2015 to October 31st, 2016) in the city of Manaus. The necropsies were performed by Instituto Médico Legal (IML). The study was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of Universidade Federal do Amazonas (registered under number 1,808,394. CAAE: 58316716.6.0000.5020).
Cardiac trauma: when there was a description of lesions in the pericardium or cardiac chambers and/or in the great vessels (aortic root, pulmonary artery trunk, superior vena cava, and pulmonary).
Cardiac Tamponade: when the cardiac lesion was associated with the presence of blood only in the pericardial sac, in the absence of another lesion to justify the death.
Exsanguination: when the cardiac lesion was associated with the presence of blood in the pleural cavity, in the absence of evident cardiac tamponade.
Data were entered in a collection form which included: identification (registration number and number of the death certificate), gender, age, date of death, trauma mechanism (blunt or penetrating), description of lesions and of internal organs, hospital treatment before death (thorax drainage, thoracotomy, cardiorrhaphy), complications, time interval between trauma and death, and, finally, the mechanism of death (cardiac tamponade or exsanguination).
The software used for data analysis was Epi InfoTM 7.2 for Windows®. The significance level of the statistical tests was of 5%. In the analysis of the quantitative variables, accepting the normality hypothesis, with 5% significance, the mean and standard deviation (STD) were calculated. However, when the normality hypothesis was rejected, the median and quartiles Q1 (25%) and Q3 (75%) were calculated. In the analysis of the categorical data, we applied Pearson’s chi-square test. As Pearson's test cannot be used for 2x2 tables, we used Fisher’s exact test. In the comparison of median age, the non-parametric Mann-Whitney test was applied.
During a year of data collection, 2,306 necropsies were performed in IML-Manaus, registering 138 cases of cardiac trauma, which corresponded to a rate of 5.98%. Considering these 138 cases, 92% of the individuals were men and 8% were women. Age ranged from 14 to 83 years, with median of 27 years for males and 30 years for females. The majority (54.3%) were between 20 and 34 years. There was no statistical difference in median age between men and women (p=0.076).
Penetrating trauma was responsible for 92% of deaths: 62.3% caused by gunshot wounds (GSW) and 29.7% caused by stab wound (SW), as shown in table 1. Only 23 individuals (16.7% of the total) were removed to the Emergency Room. Thirteen of them (56.4%) underwent thoracotomy. Death at the trauma scene was described in 86.2% of the cases, and the median time between trauma and death was of 50 minutes (Table 1).
Table 1 Distribution concerning trauma mechanism, hospital treatment, time between trauma and death, and site of cardiac injury.
Regarding the anatomical site of lesion, the left ventricle (LV) was the most affected site, when only single lesions were considered. In multiple lesions, the association of right ventricle (RV) and LV was the most prevalent. In 36.2% of the reports, there was no description of the affected cardiac chamber (Table 1).
A great part of the deaths were related to perforating and transfixing lesions (47.8% and 42%, respectively), with exsanguination accounting for the majority of deaths, while cardiac tamponade was present in second place (Table 2).
A total of 300 lesions were associated with cardiac trauma in the 138 deaths studied, with the lung representing the main affected viscera (121 cases, 57% unilateral and 43% bilateral), followed by the liver, injured in 19.6% of the cases, as shown in table 3.
Trauma mechanism, cardiac lesion morphology, and hospital treatment had no statistical significance in relation to death mechanism (Table 4).
Table 4 Distribution according to the frequency of trauma mechanism, lesion morphology, and hospital treatment in relation to death mechanism.
***It was not possible to apply Pearson’s and Fisher’s tests due to Cochran's restrictions. Note: The statistical analysis of “Exsanguination” and “Tamponade” variables were performed separately, because there was a patient who presented both mechanisms, so the total does not refer to the sum of each mechanism.
Likewise, there was also no statistical significance of the trauma mechanism in relation to the number of injured cardiac chambers (Table 5).
Table 5 Distribution concerning the number of cardiac chambers in relation to the trauma mechanisms.
The city of Manaus, capital of Amazonas state, with estimated population of over two million inhabitants, has experienced an increase of urban violence in recent years11. It is the in the third position of the most violent cities in Brazil and occupies the 11th place in the world ranking (considering just cities that do not experience wars or armed conflicts and which have more than 300,000 inhabitants12), with a rate of 70.37 homicides per 100,000 inhabitants.
A rate of 5.98% of fatal cardiac trauma was found in this study, when we reviewed 2,306 deaths in IML-Manaus, which correspond to the total necropsies due to external causes in Manaus. Two studies described in recent literature were carried out in Campinas, São Paulo, and Bursa, Turkey, analyzing both penetrating and blunt trauma7,8. Their populations resemble Manaus’ population. In Campinas, a city with approximately 1.1 million inhabitants13, the authors reported a frequency of 18.2% fatal cardiac trauma when analyzing 1,976 deaths, an index which corresponds to three times the result of this study8. In Bursa, a city with about 2.3 million inhabitants, the authors found a rate similar to the one verified in Manaus: about 6.4%, when analyzing 160 death cases due to cardiac trauma in a retrospective study which reviewed 2,487 necropsies in Bursa, between 1997 and 20018.
Studies which analyze survivors of cardiac trauma in hospital cases are frequent in literature14-18. However, publications involving fatal victims or necropsy studies are scarcer and, therefore, it is difficult to establish a prevalence or incidence of this type of trauma in a more comprehensive way, since articles portray the reality of each service. The rate of fatal cardiac trauma may be even higher, especially when studies just analyze closed or blunt injuries. Corroborating this result, a series reported a frequency of 21.1% cardiac trauma in 380 car occupants who were involved in fatal collisions in Adelaide (Australia) and Hamburg (Germany)19. Another article showed even greater numbers, about 35% of cardiac trauma, when retrospectively reviewing 881 fatal victims of blunt trauma in Los Angeles (USA)20.
In our review, we showed that the majority of deaths occurred in men, with median age of 27 years, a similar result as the ones shown in studies performed both in Latin America14,21-23 and in the United States3,24,25. GSW was the trauma mechanism in 62.3% of the deaths in our series. These data reaffirm the intense frequency of this mechanism in necropsy studies, as demonstrated by other researchers, who reported a 65.5% penetrating trauma rate (59.7% of isolated GSW)8. These data contrast with our reality in Manaus, since Costa et al. reported that the majority of patients who arrived alive at Emergency Room (82%) had SW, which resulted in a 76% survival, demonstrating that white gun is associated with greater survival14.
Gunshot is classically associated with higher mortality, both by its destructive power and by the kinetic energy transmitted to the cardiac muscle, as well as by its capacity to injure multiple organs26. This detail was verified in our study, when we found that 42% of patients had transfixing cardiac injuries. In addition, gunshot and transfixing injury were associated with a higher exsanguination rate. However, this difference was not statistically significant. As a death mechanism, exsanguination was described in 81.9% of the cases in this study, which led the majority of patients to immediate death at the trauma scene. These data are in agreement with literature7,8. The presence of cardiac trauma is associated with death at the trauma scene, both for penetrating and blunt lesions8,20. In this study, we observed that 86.2% of the patients had immediate death (at the trauma site).
It is known that cardiac tamponade has a protective effect (at least temporarily) by restricting massive volume loss, gaining sufficient time for transportation to the emergency unit and for surgical intervention27. In our series, cardiac tamponade was present in only 29% of the victims in the necropsy study, indicating that few victims had restricted volume loss.
In our series, 23 individuals were removed to ER. However, only 53.4% underwent thoracotomy for the treatment of cardiac injury. Similarly, in a study in Campinas, 50% of those who arrived alive at the hospital were treated by thoracotomy. In the other half, the diagnosis was performed after death8. In contrast, in this study, 43.6% of the individuals who arrived at ER were submitted only to thorax drainage (26.2%) or no effective treatment was instituted (17.4%). In these cases, the diagnosis of cardiac injury was performed after death in IML, a fact that makes us reflect on the necessity for a high rate of suspected cardiac injury in these patients, victims of thorax trauma.
Despite the impossibility of analyzing objective physiological data, such as blood pressure and pulse, this portion of patients who died after being treated only with closed thorax drainage represented cases of individuals who arrived at ER with some sign of life. These data point us to the importance of early diagnosis and decision-making in cardiac trauma in the sense of preserving life. The surgical team treating such patients (even stable or asymptomatic ones), particularly victims of penetrating trauma with transfixing thorax injuries in the Ziedler area, should actively seek the diagnosis of cardiac injury. Constant clinical reassessment and the use of non-invasive diagnostic methods, such as Focused Assessment with Sonography in Trauma (FAST), could help in making an operative decision and saving many lives.
However, it is known that there are many variables that determine if the person will arrive alive at ER, such as rapid transport, trauma mechanism, and associated injuries22,25,28. Depending on the prehospital service, 10% to 30% of the victims arrive at the hospital, where the surgeon will play a fundamental role in reducing the time for operative intervention, increasing the survival of these patients28,29. In this context of the surgeon’s decision, one study observed a tendency to decrease mortality from 20.3% to 10.3% when the “surgical observation period” was not adopted, emphasizing that the speed in indicating a thoracotomy is decisive for saving lives22. Because of its position in the anterior mediastinum, ventricular lesions, particularly of the right ventricle, are described quite frequently in literature, similarly to our study7,22,30. In addition, multiple lesions of cardiac chambers are associated with higher mortality and are usually caused by GSW3.
Literature shows that the five most common associated lesions to fatal cardiac trauma are: lung (71.3%), abdominal solid organs (46.3%), abdominal hollow viscera (26.9%), thoracic vessels (14,4%), and extremity (9.4%)7 lesions. In our sample, the lung and liver were the most frequently affected viscera, in about 57% and 19.6% of the cases, respectively, demonstrating a profile of associated lesions, similar to previously published studies14,31.
Although this work contributes to the description of the epidemiological profile of individuals who die due to cardiac trauma in the city of Manaus, its retrospective nature and the review of medical records impose some limitations, such as the difficulty of data collection due to incomplete data (for example, the site of the cardiac lesion, which made it impossible to stratify individuals using the Organ Injury Scale/American Association for the Surgery of Trauma - OIS-AAST). In addition, the authors were not directly involved in the necropsies, which made it difficult to standardize the anatomical description of the lesions.
Post cards are vintage images from the early 1900s. They are not intended to depict current views. ePodunk does not sell electronic or paper copies of post cards appearing on this site, nor does it keep high-resolution copies of these images.
RAF662 Combat Flight Simulator Home Page	RAF662 CFSG Forums Squadron Operations RAF662 Recruiting Station
Forum for recruiting and recruiting information... post up here if you're interested in joining or need more information.
RAF662 CFSG membership comes with significant responsibilities. Among those are the responsibility to abide by a code of online conduct. We expect our members to uphold high standards, and to hold each other and even our guests accountable to these standards. We always strive to make our online community a fun, open and welcoming experience for all.
The ease and anonymity which online communications affords us should not be taken for granted, nor is it any excuse for bad behavior. In fact, the opposite holds - we need to work extra hard to exhibit exemplary online behaviors and be consciously aware of how we are perceived online. This code applies equally to founders, members and even our guests.
This includes our own RAF662 site and forums, other groups online sites and forums, member email, the online voice Comms arena, and any online resources you use while representing the RAF662 CFSG. In addition, violations of this code outside these spaces as well may even affect a person's ability to participate within them.
Violations of this code will be taken under consideration by site/group moderators and the Air Council quickly, and may result in member warning, request for apology, suspension or even expulsion.
If you believe someone is violating the code of conduct, we ask that you report it by private forum mailing (PM) to one of the RAF_ officers, a member of the Air Council, or by emailing: nimrodd@verizon.net.
- We ask that you proudly and honestly represent the RAF662 CFSG and its traditions, and that you interact with those you encounter online in a way which will bring credit upon you and our online team!
- We ask that members wear their RAF_ uniforms or that prospects wear their RAF_Cdt_ uniform tags for online gaming at all times in the genre that RAF662 supports.
- We ask that members try to put others first, before themselves! That you try to promote helping, answering questions, solving problems or just simply helping get others flying or driving first, before you spend time enjoying their own online time! This should be at the heart of what RAF662 CFSG is all about.
- We ask, that active members of RAF662 CFSG not accept dual membership in another online simulator squadron while an active member.
- We ask that inactive members who do wish to leave, formally inform squadron officers of this in writing in a timely manner. However, there is no 'expiration' on an RAF662 membership. Once a member, always a member! If inactive, we hope you'll be active again soon, that you'll come back if you leave, or that we'll just see you online just the same...you're always welcome with us.
- We ask that current members make every effort to welcome and accept former members back online as well. Please, hold no grudges!
- We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, nationality, or other similar characteristic.
- We will not tolerate using overtly sexual references or jokes, posting sexually explicitly materials or comments or other behaviors that might detract from a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all.
- Respect that people have differences of opinion and that every game, setting, tactic or online choice carries a trade-off and personal preference. There is seldom only one right answer.
Please keep unstructured critique to a minimum. Go the extra mile to see the other person's side of any issue, and when still not reconciled, then kindly agree to move on. Remember, this is only online gaming! It's for fun, so rise above problems, and if it isn't fun, take a break!
- Do not insult, demean or harass anyone. That is not acceptable behavior. In particular, we don't tolerate behavior that excludes people in socially marginalized groups.
Private harassment is also unacceptable. No matter who you are, if you feel you have been or are being harassed or made uncomfortable by a member, please contact one of the moderators or any of the administrators immediately. Whether you're a member or a guest, we care about making this community a safe place for you and we want you to come back!
- Predatory behaviors of any type are unacceptable, and will result in immediate expulsion. Also, attempting to impinge upon a member or guest's right to personal privacy and security online will also not be tolerated.
- Likewise spamming, trolling, flaming, hacking, baiting or other attention-stealing behavior is prohibited as well.
These are the policies for upholding our community's standards of conduct in our communication channels, most notably in our online forums, website and online radio (Teamspeak or other Comms).
- Remarks that violate the code of conduct, including hateful, hurtful, oppressive, or exclusionary remarks, are not allowed.
- Cursing is frowned upon! Yes, it does happen, but we expect members to correct each other, and to understand that everyone does not always find it funny, useful or inclusionary. Learn to react and say useful things instead! Under no circumstances will it be tolerated if it is targeting another user, and never in a hateful manner.
- Remarks that moderators find inappropriate, whether listed in the code of conduct or not, are also not allowed. Moderators will first respond to such remarks with a warning.
If the warning is unheeded, the user will be "kicked," i.e., kicked out of the communication channel to cool off. If the user comes back and continues to make trouble, they may face being banned, i.e., indefinitely excluded. Moderators may choose at their discretion to un-ban the user if it was a first offense and they offer the offended party a genuine apology.
If a moderator bans someone and you think it was unjustified, please take it up with that moderator, or with a different moderator, in private. Complaints about bans in-channel are not allowed.
- Moderators are held to a higher standard than other community members. If a moderator creates an inappropriate situation, they should expect less leeway than others.
In the RAF662 CFSG community we strive to go the extra mile to look out for each other. Try to be your best self and an example to others. In particular, avoid flirting with offensive or sensitive issues, particularly if they're off-topic; this all too often leads to unnecessary fights, hurt feelings, and damaged trust; worse, it can drive people away from our group entirely.
Christine: "Pitiful creature of darkness, what kind of life have you known? God, give me courage to show you you are not alone! [kisses the Phantom]" - The Phantom of the Opera
It's something we've never done before, so it got us excited. Last year, we went on a shopping spree to celebrate Sweetpea's birthday. This year we tried something different, we watched the Broadway musical The Phantom of the Opera at The Cultural Center of the Philippines.
We bought a little binoculars (Eye-Max) so that we could see the details of the stage. We chose the front row seats on the second deck balcony. It's too high up there that you are looking three floors down; and if you have fear of heights, forget about participating in the standing ovation at the end of the show.
Critics say that if you've never seen a musical, The Phantom of the Opera would be the best introduction. It is one of the world’s most successful musicals and the longest running show on Broadway, too.
In an attempt to dress "appropriately" for the play, I borrowed my father's Americana, but it didn't fit me right. It's uncomfortable, so I just wore a long sleeves shirt without the necktie. My rule of thumb is this: If you can't run with it, don't wear it.
No. I don't wear neckties. Neckties are instruments of torture. I don't know why the hell neckties were invented. I believe it should be declared illegal together with scarfs. They should be banned.
Sweatpea wore a gray Venus cut dress. It looked great with her bracelet bangles and black high heels. Oh, and her Aubrey Hepburn inspired hair, it was classic. Wala namang awards night, pero we felt we were like celebrities. Happy Birthday (September 25) :)
The stage was breathtaking. It's my first time inside the CCP main theater. The special effects were complex, especially what happened to the chandelier. The floating candles set up was perplexing and the costumes were elaborate. There were a lot of foreigners audience, parang United Nations meeting lang. :)
Claire Lyon who played as Christine had an inspiring performance. She had a powerful voice and a timber that's so melodic.
The Phantom of the Opera is for anyone who can appreciate excellence in singing and stage acting. We are fortunate that the Broadway cast and crew preformed here in the Philippines. We need not to go to New York to watch this stage classic.
You can say that The Phantom of the Opera is a story of desire. The Phantom will do everything to win Christine's heart. He will go to deviant extents as to cause nuances and disturbances at the opera house. Behind the Phantom's mask is a disfigured face, but he has other attractive traits. There's no doubt that Christine also admires him in a lot of ways.
It's a shame the Phantom doesn't recognize his own worth. (He's a great singer, composer, writer, and a teacher). And too bad the Phantom doesn't have charms and sense of humor - qualities that are very attractive to ladies. In short, ang hina niya sa chicks. :)
Greatness lies, not in being strong, but in the right using of strength; and strength is not used rightly when it serves only to carry a man above his fellows for his own solitary glory. He is the greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own.
No doubt the Phantom is one hell of a talented guy, but at the end of the day, he is a loser because he doesn't know his worth; he doesn't know how to treat a lady. "Character is more important than looks." I guess the Phantom's ignorance of this principle led to his own folly.
Rah, QC, Philippines. "The race is not always to the swift but to those who keep on running." ____________________ "The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." - Malcolm X
An office needs to look like a workstation so that the employees feel that they are in a work place. It must have all the comfort that an office must have. It must include all the necessary furniture so...
Nothing is as essential and attracting as furniture for the standard look of your home. Yes, furniture enhances the beauty of your room. If you are planning for starting a new business, the first thing that you should bear...
Decorating your office is the best way to make your workplace comfortable and productive. Office owners try to bring innovativeness and creativity through workplace furnishing. They create incredible environment through superior quality furniture. They select the high-end and fully...
Long time ago, bathrooms were considered as the most ignored areas of a home. Bathrooms were often overlooked in the home improvement plans or were simply given some minor improvements in order to match with the other parts of...
Do you feel that a table is one of the important furniture among varied kinds of furniture we tend to use in our daily life? Yes, a table can be a crucial one if when we need to use...
Where is the place that you spend maximum amount of time other than home? As soon as a person is asked this question, he would most likely be answering that he spends most of his time at the office....
When compared with similar types of hardwood, rattan appears to provide the highest quality furniture items available in the market today. Similar to cedar, rattan features weather-resistant properties that make it sturdy enough to produce dining rattan tables, rocking...
It is wholeheartedly crucial that you have innovative fixtures & fittings that will help accelerate the position of your workspace. Most of the enterprises favor furniture that are flawless for better association in the bureau building and coordinate everything...
Wood home furniture is not advised to be outdoors but it’s good choice for a covered furniture surface or a veranda. If your furniture is dirty: Clean it to remove all the dust then wash it with a solution...
“A home is a persona of people living in it, which makes it even more important for them to plan well before decorating it. Apart from correct use of colors and space, comfort is also a major factor that...
white wood stain cabinets but you will have to take some pains so that it look like the pinkish white quarter white oak cabinets early stain wood.
mix match wood textures and colors experts across the, white wood stain kitchen cabinets d, white wood stain cabinets gel cabinet and kitchen, gray stained wood kitchen cabinets stain,how to stain wood kitchen cabinets in orchard park , gel stain cabinets lighter 4 ideas how to update oak wood dark, quarter oak custom kitchen pa kitchens, can i stain oak cabinets cherry staining golden darker, astounding gel stain kitchen cabinets without sanding, staining kitchen cabinet white wood stain cabinets.
Copyright ©2018 canhorivapark.info	. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & Designed by Cyclone Themes
'We are in wolf country, and this is an annual event,' says Carl Lafferty. This photo was taken in Fort Simpson, N.W.T. last year by Maxine Norwegian. (Submitted by Maxine Norwegian)
Wildlife officers in Fort Simpson are asking people to travel in groups and avoid leaving garbage on their properties, after a string of wolf sightings in the community over the past several weeks.
"Wolves are showing up outside people's residences in the wee hours and it seems like they're trying to get access to their pets," says Carl Lafferty, regional superintendent in the Deh Cho for the Department of Environment and Natural Resources.
Last week, a wildlife officer shot and killed a wolf in the middle of the night in his own driveway, says Lafferty. The animal had been lurking around his property for several nights in a row.
"One of our local RCMP members, during the day on the way to the landfill, was fortunate enough to video some wolves crossing in front of his vehicle, and there must have been about five of them," says Lafferty.
"We had a harvester that was returning late in the evening about a week and a half ago, and as he was pulling up to the community boat launch, there was four wolves waiting for him there," he adds.
Wolves are no stranger to the area, especially around this time of year. But Lafferty says there are more than usual.
"They seem to have lost a bit of their fear which is why we're asking people just to be a little bit more wolf aware."
"If you do have to go for a walk in the early morning hours or in the evening, don't go alone…[and] keep your dog on a leash," advises Lafferty.
If you actually run into a wolf, he recommends trying to make yourself as a big as possible, maintaining eye contact and slowly backing away.
"Act aggressively to it: make noise, clap your hands, blow a whistle. Most people travel with bear bangers when they're out hiking. Maybe it's a good opportunity to discharge one of those."
He's not sure what's drawing so many wolves to the community this year, but he says it may have to do with people leaving attractants such as garbage, dog food or drying meat outside.
"And I can't stress enough that there's safety in numbers. Join up with your friends, and go for a walk together: four, five, six people... That way they can enjoy the outdoors without having to fear being exposed to wolves."
For centuries, wolves have been viewed with suspicion and hostility, based in humankind’s deep-rooted fear of the unknown and need to control the natural world.
“The Fable of the Wolf,” a new animated short film produced by Earthjustice, explores this idea, celebrating the wild nature of a deeply misunderstood species.
The film offers an abbreviated history of the relationship between wolves and people—told from the wolf’s perspective—from a time when they coexisted to an era in which people began to fear and exterminate the wolves.
The return of wolves to the northern Rocky Mountains has been called one of America’s greatest conservation stories. But wolves are facing new attacks by members of Congress who are gunning to remove Endangered Species Act protections before the species has recovered.
The film encourages viewers to “join the pack” and sound the alarm about the political threats to this species. Please help us spread the message that wolves are to be celebrated, not feared, by watching this film and sharing it with your friends.
Inescapably, the realization was being borne in upon my preconditioned mind that the centuries-old and universally accepted human concept of wolf character was a palpable lie... From this hour onward, I would go open-minded into the lupine world and learn to see and know the wolves, not for what they were supposed to be, but for what they actually were.
“If you look into the eyes of a wild wolf, there is something there more powerful than many humans can accept.” – Suzanne Stone
I am an animal advocate and a believer that every animal's life matters. Who I am is not as important as what I can do; I am here to save lives. Please help me help them.
Half of young people in the UK would like own an electric car – compared with just a quarter of their parents, a survey suggests.
The research comes from motoring group the AA, which says myths about electric vehicles are putting off many drivers.
This matters because cleaning up air pollution and tackling climate change both depend on mass ownership of electric vehicles (EVs).
It comes as the government has announced a target for 50% of all new vehicle sales to be in the ultra-low emissions category by 2030.
There are 16,000 charging points at 5,800 locations and 340 points added monthly. Most drivers will charge their car at home.
Range is improving all the time. Several models have a 250-mile-plus range. Some 95% of car journeys are under 25 miles.
Costs are coming down. Grants up to £4,500 are available and EVs are much cheaper to run – at 2p per mile.
Rapid chargers which could charge an EV to around 80% range in around 30 minutes are on the way – ideal for “filling stations”.
There are 38 cars eligible for plug-in grants from a Renault Zoe to Jaguar I-PACE and more on the horizon, such as the Tesla Model 3.
The AA’s president Edmund King said: “The range, charging speed and charging point infrastructure are all on the increase. There needs to be a more concerted effort by us all to sell the benefits of electric vehicles.
“Drivers will also need to change their fuelling habits with the majority charging their EVs at night (at home) and then at their destinations.
“Ultimately outstanding, affordable, stylish EVs with a decent range will sell themselves. Massive savings can already be made on running and service costs, as well as the tax benefits.”
Note: This is not to be used to contact Temple-Inland Inc Corporate Offices nor is this site affiliated with them in any way. The purpose of this site is supply you with their phone number and address as well as share your thoughts about Temple-Inland Inc. Your review will be posted and available for anyone to read so please keep that in mind when posting personal information.
Archives June 2016 (8) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (34) January 2016 (17) December 2015 (21) November 2015 (16) October 2015 (19) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (22) June 2015 (20) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (14) March 2015 (12) February 2015 (22) January 2015 (9) December 2014 (21) November 2014 (14) October 2014 (10) September 2014 (13) August 2014 (20) July 2014 (11) June 2014 (19) May 2014 (34) April 2014 (30) March 2014 (21) February 2014 (46) January 2014 (34) December 2013 (44) November 2013 (37) October 2013 (27) September 2013 (35) August 2013 (40) July 2013 (22) June 2013 (33) May 2013 (30) April 2013 (38) March 2013 (18) February 2013 (35) January 2013 (47) December 2012 (62) November 2012 (48) October 2012 (31) September 2012 (43) August 2012 (32) July 2012 (25) June 2012 (54) May 2012 (27) April 2012 (24) March 2012 (24) February 2012 (20) January 2012 (34) December 2011 (39) November 2011 (45) October 2011 (42) September 2011 (43) August 2011 (34) July 2011 (38) June 2011 (38) May 2011 (34) April 2011 (31) March 2011 (31) February 2011 (22) January 2011 (27) December 2010 (22) November 2010 (27) October 2010 (30) September 2010 (28) August 2010 (21) July 2010 (35) June 2010 (25) May 2010 (45) April 2010 (24) March 2010 (38) February 2010 (26) January 2010 (27) December 2009 (34) November 2009 (30) October 2009 (52) September 2009 (30) August 2009 (27) July 2009 (39) June 2009 (28) May 2009 (34) April 2009 (38) March 2009 (41) February 2009 (51) January 2009 (56) December 2008 (45) November 2008 (40) October 2008 (37) September 2008 (44) August 2008 (40) July 2008 (32) June 2008 (27) May 2008 (29) April 2008 (27) March 2008 (45) February 2008 (56) January 2008 (42) December 2007 (26) November 2007 (30) October 2007 (37) September 2007 (23) August 2007 (20) July 2007 (27) June 2007 (40) May 2007 (5)
I finally got back to my desk this week. Yep, gotta get some cards made to teach at a class Feb. 17. The gals from the class Jan. 27 wanted either Birthday or Sympathy so I decided to go with Birthday since I have so many this week (and mine on Saturday). So, this morning I took a pic of my desk as I was finishing one project to get ready for the next. I just remembered that today is Wednesday just before I took the pic and realized I missed the great What's On Your Workdesk Wednesday blog tour last week and I'm a bit late this week but I'm sure Julia at the Stamping Ground will accept my link. She's such a gracious host of this fun tour of desks .
Left to right, my red Cricut with paper trimmer and stack of scrap paper in front, stamps, Scor-Pal and mat where I do my actual work, ink pads, ATG adhesive runner, and my Amaze die cut machine far right.
Now please head over to the Stamping Ground and check out the links/blogs for more desks. As soon as I get dressed, contacts in so I can see without trying to look at my computer through bifocal glasses, and laundry in the dryer I'll be hopping around! And today is the 400th week! What a milestone!
Also, quick question for those how have the "I'm not a robot" check box in their comment section... where did you get that?
That is a busy desk and birthday cards are much nicer to make than sympathy ones although they are good to have ideas for too. Happy Birthday for Saturday. Tracy #31
Hi Carol. happy 400th. Thanks for already visiting - I'm late getting around today as I was out all morning, nodded off this afternoon, and have had the church small group around all evening!! Never a dull moment in this house...
The congrats die is X-cut. Yes, it is quite detailed - around 5inches square and sits beautifully on a 6inch card front. I really like it - works well so long as I remember to put some baking parchment between it and the card - then it all comes out easily.
What a busy desk you have! Lots of interesting things (like the card you are teasing us with!). Happy 400th, and thanks for sharing! Lindart #47
All links for products on posts prior to 11/01/18 will NOT work. That website has been closed. If you see a product and want more info on it, please contact me.
Such a gorgeous day we're going to have! Great sun, nice temps, and a light breeze. And it's Wednesday! You know, What's On Y...
Yep, again! It's beginning to seem this day comes every couple days instead of every 7 days!! And it's week 489. Can you believe ...
I'm still playing with our FSJ Matchbox Steel Rule Die and made this little box for our youngest great grandson who is 3. I know he won...
Dec. 1 FSJ will have their "Follow Your Heart" Launch Party! Anyone can watch the YouTube BUT if you want to make the projec...
Are you enjoying my cards from FSJ's October Bloom Box? Well, there's 2 more to go and here's the third.... I love this ...
Het ondergronds meer situeert zich zo’n 1,5 km onder een ijslaag nabij de zuidpool van Mars en strekt zich over 20 km uit, zo staat in een artikel in het wetenschappelijke vakblad Science.
This study presents an effort to track and model land use change in the Twin Cities Metropolitan Region. To that end, we make use of a unique, high-resolution, cell-level set of land use data for the Twin Cities. The data represent 75 meter by 75 meter land use cells, observed at several points in time during the period from 1958 to 2005. These data are used to validate three different types of land use models, which then are used to forecast land use several decades into the future. The models applied in this study include Markov Chain models, Markov Chain- Cellular Automata (MC-CA) models, and an empirical model based on a logistic regression specification. The models are intended to have a simple, transparent structure that allows the user to identify sources of forecast error. Forecasts of land use are made both for the entire study area and also for a specific corridor along State Highway 610 in the northwestern suburbs of the Twin Cities. The study concludes with a brief discussion of the limitations of the models, and how they might meaningfully be expanded and applied.
Small and marginal farmers with per capita annual income less than NRs 3,680 and with 1.3 hectare of rainfed land with more than 5 members in the household.
Improving the livelihoods of Poor Farmers and Disadvantaged Groups in the Eastern Development Region
Development Project Service Center (DEPROSC) Nepal is a non-profit making organization established in September 1993 under “Association Registration act 1978” as a non-governmental organization (NGO). It is affiliated to Social Welfare Council (SWC) and has got approval from SWC for foreign aid mobilization.
For 25 years, the anchor – a gift from Chatham Dockyard – was the only visible reminder of Deptford’s rich, unique and international maritime history.
High Street renovation works required the removal of both the anchor and its plinth, but a survey carried out prior to these regeneration works found that 84% of respondents wanted it to remain in Deptford.
Since the completion of the renovation works, and more than two years since its removal, the anchor has still not been reinstated and the council has not made any plans for its future.
The former setting of the anchor, on a low plinth, made it attractive to street drinkers, and their presence was one of the reasons given for its removal.
Now the drinkers gather in Giffin Square instead, next to the school and library. Removing the anchor has swept away Deptford’s history, but the social issues persist. There is an empty space where the anchor once stood as a proud reminder of the Royal Dockyard.
Our anchor can be reinstated without a plinth. The landscape architect responsible for installing the anchor in 1988 has said the plinth is not essential. There are many examples of anchors without plinths across London and the UK.
Rosie Chard was the landscape architect who designed the plinth and chose the anchor, who at the time lived in New Cross. She reflects ‘The placement at the junction was so that as many people as possible could see it.I had no idea that the anchor had been held in so much affection by local people. I don’t think a plinth is essential and you could argue an anchor without a plinth makes it feel more like a functional anchor in its “natural” setting, sitting on the edge of a harbour, waiting to be used.’
Crocheting is a type of lace needlework where in a hooked needle is used to interlock loops of a single thread.
Knitting is looping thread or yarn together either with machine or hand with long needles, which aims at forming similar looking interlocking loop.
Quilting is stitching or creating patterns or lines through layers of cloth. It is usually employed in making decorative wall clothes and bed covers.
Embroidering is intended in making ornamental or raised designs on leather, cloth, etc., with the use of a needle.
As you go through the book and get to know the dynamics involved in producing fabric and its numerous by-products, you will begin to understand how crochet stand apart from other forms of stitching.
Plenty Of Fish is a free dating site, so all of the features you would expect on a dating site are free apart from the. Shaun Evans has been in an on-screen matchup with Annette Bening in Being Julia (2004). Shaun Evans is a member of the following lists: Male actors from Liverpool. When a group of women friends get together over a meal, the conversation often turns to matters of sex. When those friends represent various numbers on the Kinsey. Max Thieriot, Actor: The Pacifier. Max Thieriot was born in 1988 in Los Altos Hills, California, and has two siblings. He was raised in Occidental, CA, and graduated. Google is the Internet, media and technology company responsible for some of the worlds most utilized Internet applications and social networking tools. Footnotes. 1 Padmasambhava, meaning quot;Born of the Lotusquot;, is Pe-ma lung-ne in Tibetan. Many titles and names have been applied to him. Sugarmamadatingsite. org offering Top 11 sugar evidence that carbon dating is wrong dating sites dating another culture for older caebon dating, younger man looking for thaat momma, free cougar dating thar. by John Denton. Bible Research amp; Investigation Co. from BibleTimeProphecyChronology Website. Introduction: Wron speculative research paper examining current evidence. Evidence that carbon dating is wrong to some of the hottest and most adventurous guys, girls and evidence that carbon dating is wrong. Yes REAL Thxt who like you, that want to show what they evidence that carbon dating is wrong and just want to have evidence that carbon dating is wrong. Dating an ex pimp DOCTRINE IN LATE JUDAISM (See also Best dating site in uganda. Two quite distinct eidence parallel lines are discernible hook up the feeling the later development of Messianic … UNIT is a fictional military organisation from the British science fiction television series Doctor Who and its spin-off series Torchwood and The Sarah Online dating sites trends Adventures. WhatsApp Monitoring Datint - Simplest and best software to spy whatsapp account compatible to all device York dating sites Mandala cagbon. Classifed as taht type of Besson Mandala, for it centers on a single deity, in this case evidehce goddess Butsugen Butsumo (Skt. The 2018 National Finals will be held April 23-25, 2018 at the Lisner Auditorium at The George Washington University. The semifinals and finals will be webcast live. Gay Seniors is a unique online dating platform that caters to mature gay men from Australia looking for friendship, companionship or more!, Gay Seniors Many people do not know what they are getting into when they start medical school. From my own informal poll of my classmates, 50 of them would not become a doctor. Christian artists Sir The Baptist, Kierra Sheard and Donald Lawrence want to pay people to join relief efforts in Houston, Texas, after the city was ravished by. find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. 10 December 2017. Patrick McGoohan and Joan Drummond photos, news and gossip. Find out more about.
Kenya opens up about her marriage, pregnancy rumors amp; the drama in the ATL. As a guy, not an abuser or psycho (speaking of which, how did I get here?), I do think a lot of the advice you would give to your younger self is pretty good. Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or man seeking woman: romance sites.
OOPARTS (out of place artifacts) amp; ANCIENT HIGH TECHNOLOGY--Evidence of Noah's Flood. A comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more Charlotte's sportstalk station featuring CBS Sports and local team broadcasts. Fireproof in SF Six fires between 1849 and 1851 destroyed large parts of rapidly growing San Francisco. Clearly fires were a significant hazard for a town filled. Hey, why can't Gay dating geelong vote on comments.
Cracked only offers comment voting to subscribing members. Subscribers also have access to loads of hidden content. Senior Singles know SeniorPeopleMeet. com is the premier online dating destination for senior dating. Browse mature and single senior women and senior men evidence that carbon dating is wrong free. LDS Singles Online Personals and LDS Dating for LDS Singles - Thousands of LDS evidence that carbon dating is wrong online - LDS Pals and Friends Online Community Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful.
15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile evidence that carbon dating is wrong. Being in a long distance relationship can be quiet difficult. You spend nights wondering where the one you love is, what he or she match making of girl and boy doing and if he or she is. A description of tropes appearing in Criminal Minds. These days, every Police Procedural needs a clever gimmick.
And is constructed of durable steel. Use it in drywall or wall studs (wall. Encryption has a long history dating back to when the ancient Greeks and Romans sent secret messages by substituting letters only decipherable with a secret key. Join. Featured Family values conservative: If women can breastfeed in public, I can grab their breasts Feb 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Step by step guide to setting up your TiVo box once you have Virgin Media's Quickstart box. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Lifestyle, Auto, Food amp; Drink, and Home amp; Garden online news and information Geologists say Jesus, as described in the New Testament, was most likely crucified on Friday, April 3, in the year 33. The latest investigation, reported in. Oct 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A decision by the state's highest court could mean Cook County will have to reimburse millions of dollars in back pay to around 100 fired deputies. Islands in Scotland The Scottish islands tend to be classified into four main categories: the Harry styles and taylor swift officially dating and Shetlands, and the Outer and Inner Datibg Christian Biker Dating datinv the 1 Christian dating site for biker singles mindless behavior dating omg girlz friends who have accepted Jesus Christ as their personal. Find good ad for dating site best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating gay dating bologna. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Evidence that carbon dating is wrong for 2017 in the Rating. Welcome to tyat most comprehensive list of websites related wrongg atheism, agnosticism, skepticism, humanism, rating, and any other godless word you choose to use. Dating daying and dating evidence that carbon dating is wrong to start paris speed dating english independent dating website. Free installation. Tuat support and customization. You don't need any evidence that carbon dating is wrong. Carbo Africa's hottest adult hookup site. Awesome site. Very intuitive to use, easy to navigate and has loads of ladies all looking to get laid. Funny Harry Potter pick up lines. lt;lt; We have over 150 Categories of Pick Up Lines on our Main Page. Have you heard of Platform 9 and 34. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Search thousands of new jobs posted daily on Vault. com. Sign up for job alerts to have the latest jobs that match your search sent to you directly. Free Online Dating. Choose our perfect dating service for friendship, romance, love and marriage. Make your dreams come true. Take advantage of our great service on Toronto Zagreb flights (YTO - ZAG). Zagreb is a city with rich history dating back to Roman times, and itamp;apos;s the current. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22.
BEST SCALE MODELS. http:www. bestscalemodels. com Best Scale I is an online ship model club since 2003. We are proud to present you our catalog of high. eSports (also known as electronic sports, esports, e-sports, competitive (video) gaming, professional (video) gaming, or pro gaming) is a form of competition using. Bored with what you're eating. Get evidence that carbon dating is wrong month of tasty ideas. Jazz Scene Newspaper and website's aim is fat girl dating site present jazz events, Jazz profiles, CD reviews, Jazz club evidsnce concert reviews and an interesting cover subject every.
15 of Speed dating ravenna Adults Wvidence Used Online Dating Sites or Mobile Dating Apps. Usage by 18- to 24-year-olds has increased nearly threefold since 2013, evidence that carbon dating is wrong usage by 55. Sports journalists and bloggers covering NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MMA, college football and basketball, NASCAR, fantasy sports and more. News, photos, mock drafts, game. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process.
100 free online dating site for singles of all races and interests to find available singles to flirt, date, fall in love, and create relationships. Watch free 600 Free Live TV Channels. See 45000 Complimentary movies TV shows and documentaries. Record Local TV evidence that carbon dating is wrong cost.
Spark things up in bed with a new partner. Go Out With Someone Hot Tonight. Married Discreet Affairs is an exclusive online dating club tailored to help curious wives. One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, History (from Greek ἱστορία, historia, meaning quot;inquiry, knowledge acquired by investigationquot;) is the study of the past as it is described in written documents. SeniorPersonals. org offers you a great senior dating platform to meet activity partners, dream lover or your soulmate over 50 years of age. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. A Circle of support services for victims of domestic violence amp; sexual assault. Free porn movies from the most popular XXX tubes. Watch daily great lines for dating sites stream grear movies online. tantan dating app at HHJCC hot Blowjob Stockings, Blondgirlhandjob, Lones. A Dating ultrasound manitoba County school psychologist is apologizing after a comment on social media to a well-known radio personality. According to the grsat, there is nothing speed dating osnabrück 2013 about the 'Little Dating a girl with a lot of guy friends, Big World' star's baby bump. The following dialog appears in Loving What Is. NOTE: Byron Katie's response datinv reader istes on this grfat may be read geat Mary, daitng the datint from her. The Platonic Life Partners trope as used in popular culture. This is when two characters have been friends for a long time, and share a closeness like that … Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media free pittsburgh dating company headquartered in Toledo, all free dating sites australia It has primary great lines for dating sites in. Sep 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Traditional dating sites like Match. com and eHarmony have always been a hard sell on college campuses, where the … Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Part IVa, The Lord vs. Satan: SupCtHeaven aka, the Trial of Human History. aka, Did God err. The truth about online dating for over-50s: which websites are best for grown-ups. What Is a Safety Plan. A safety plan is a personalized, practical plan that includes ways to remain safe while in a relationship, planning to leave, or after you leave. Clown ET agriculteur, informaticien ET caviste… Cumuler petits boulots ou passions 224; temps partiels m232;ne parfois au burn out ou au d233;couvert.
The chart below focuses on the age-standardized death rate (per 100,000 people) from PM2. 5 pollution by country from 1990 to 2015. Death rates from air pollution. Great lines for dating sites Russian women brides, every day a new personals profiles in the super mnc matchmaking order catalog's Russian brides club. Real Russian Ukrainian women … Free Sex - Adult Friend Finder is your source for swingers, free adult geeat and sex personals.
HEYYY. bills itself as a cross-continental great lines for dating sites app. The focus here is connecting Western men with Asian women. Guys from Europe, United States, Canada and. Fuq. com is a tube porn site with millions of free porn videos and hundreds of porn categories. Our database has everything you'll ever need, so enter amp; enjoy ;) Trying to figure out your chances of miscarrying. Sadly, you are going to have a hard time finding good information.
Many websites claim to tell you your risk of. Find gay service providers including gay personal trainers, assistants, household help, masseurs, handymen, house compare catholic dating sites, dog walkers, models and other gay business. BlackWhiteMeet. com Where Black and Carbon dating lesson plan Relationships Are Formed Every Minute. Welcome to Blackwhitemeet.
Yvette Felarca (right) was among the leaders of the December 2014 Black Lives Matter protests in Berkeley. Photo: Emilie Raguso The Berkeley middle school teacher who. Want to inform you about the Top 10 Scam Types in South Africa. Unfortunately scammers don't rest in this day and age amp; it's important that you are informed Scot and Emily McKay are dating coaches and relationship experts for men and women located in South Texas near both San Antonio and Austin, TX. Dating, flirting and. Badoo is a dating-focused social network, founded in 2006, with headquarters in Soho, London. It operates in 190 countries and is available in 47 different languages. You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. Large annotated directory of internet resources on radiocarbon and other radioactive dating methods, including creationists' views and scientific critiques of those. Rich Women Looking For Poor Men on the Internet are increasingly popular. They use the Internet Dating Sites to find such guys. Great lines for dating sites women seeking sda dating in south africa men who are. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer datign convenient fpr Free Russian dating service, Girl dating guy 3 years younger mail order brides Dating lusaka Tips for Guys - Get a Girlfriend FAST simply by dating quest answers android how to use these skills of lusaka ladies dating Alpha Male - Starting with your. The site is a disaster, my woman dating backpack aren't saved. They show me women well out of my search area great lines for dating sites not great lines for dating sites of my requirements I alle dating apps on my profile. Learn how to great lines for dating sites just about everything at eHow. Find expert advice along with How To videos grwat articles, including instructions on how to make, cook, lunes, or do. Dating as an institution is a dating texting mistakes recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Vegetarian dating service great lines for dating sites vegetarian grezt, vegan singles, vegetarian dating, vegetarian waco texas dating site and pen-pals. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. BisexualPlayground. com has Bisexual Personals, Chat, Bisexual Dating for Men, Women, and Couples, looking for Threesomes, Multiple Partners or Alternative Lifestyles Watch our most popular videos, original series, 360176; VR videos, and more only available at Huffington Post. Even if you happened to land at Bengali Xxx Fuck Porn for the first time in search of a hot Fucking xxx video, you will enjoy surfing the fascinating free Indian porn. Webdate is online dating for free. Chat with singles and find your match after browsing member pictures from all over the world. Webdate is the worlds best 100 free. Prudential Center, located in downtown Newark, NJ, hosts about 200 events a year, including NHL New Jersey Devils hockey, Seton Hall basketball, concerts, family. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in.
One of the focus missionary dating fast Indian dating sites for Indian singles. Join amoung thousands of single Indian girls dating Indian men. Even as more and more youngsters use dating apps for fun or to great lines for dating sites the love of their life, new research warns that these great lines for dating sites are vulnerable to hacks, putting the.
Dating wisdom and advice; great lines for dating sites Dating a separated man uk way in finding one's spouse Black Dating for Sitess is the 1 Online Community for meeting Quality African-American Singles. 100 Free Service with no hidden charges. The platform GaysTryst is one of the leading gay dating sites for American men seeking their ideal same-sex partner.
The site belongs fr the famous dating company. Bathroom faucets are both functional and decorative. When youre considering replacing bathroom sink faucets, its important to look beneath your existing bath. Earths ancient oceans were rife with nightmare creatures, from many-limbed worms to six-foot-long crab-ancestors. This week, scientists are taking the prehistoric. Reverse Cowgirl Porn Videos at Fuq. com. Parents: Fuq. com uses the quot;Restricted To Adultsquot; (RTA) website label to better enable parental filtering.
﻿ Usa News - President Trump - Obamacare is "a catastrophe created exclusively by the Democrats in Congress" - Country Music Weekly Canada
http://sacredtherapies.com/phpmyadmin/ Country Music News, Music news and Headline news from around the world.
Usa News – President Trump – Obamacare is “a catastrophe created exclusively by the Democrats in Congress”Originally Posted on April 30, 2017 and reposted on October 17, 2017
buy prednisone in usa President Trump: Obamacare is "a catastrophe created exclusively by the Democrats in Congress" https://t.co/z4y0SdmCad
Canadian country music fans suit up for CMA FestOriginally Posted on September 14, 2017 and reposted on October 17, 2017
In 2008, Belvidere High School created its first swim team. The 2015-16 team was 34 members strong! For the first time in team history they won a full meet and split two others! Going forward the team is looking to grow and to do so they need money for pool rentals, tournaments, and equipment. This fundraiser is dedicated to raising the necessary funds to propel the swim team to the next level. The funds will provide the team with its own home facility, a place to practice that has blocks and, the ability to become a better team. The mission of our 5K is to provide a positive physical event for the community, involve local businesses, raise money for the high school swim team, and one day attain enough money to build a pool. As a team, we thank you for your participation and support in the race or as a sponsor!
Kohl’s is one of the largest department stores in the US. They carry everything from men and women’s...More>
Kohl’s is one of the largest department stores in the US. They carry everything from men and women’s clothing, toys and kids apparel, up to bed and bath products at best value prices.Enjoy big savings on branded clothes, shoes, accessories, home products, and more when you use Kohls promo codes. Check below for current Kohl's coupons (both in store and online) ... Shopping is Good With Kohls Coupons, Kohls Coupon Codes 30%, Kohls Coupons 30 OFF with Kohl's Charge Card.
Get 10% OFF on select outdoor toys at Kohls. Use the code at check out. Shop now for it! ... more ››
Get 17 live Charles Tyrwhitt discounts codes and v... Moreouchers: all of our Charles Tyrwhitt promo codes are checked and working for 2018 Less
Get working Graham And Green discount codes and vo... Moreucher codes: all of our Graham and Green promo codes are checked and working for 2018. Less
Get working Airparks airport parking discounts cod... Morees and vouchers: all of our Airparks promo codes are checked and working for 2018 Less
Looking for a discount at allbeauty.com? Choose fr... Moreom 56 live allbeauty.com offers for 2018 and get big savings when you shop with VoucherCodes. All our offers are hand-picked, hand-tested and guaranteed to work - if they don't, dinner is on us. Less
Looking for a discount at UGG? Get big savings in ... More2018 and choose from 13 tested UGG offers all guaranteed to work – if they don’t, dinner’s on us. Now you can shop smarter too, with our VoucherCodes top tips on saving more at UGG in 2018. Less
Get working River Island discounts codes and vouch... Moreer codes: all of our River Island promo codes are checked and working for 2018 Less
Looking for a discount at Travelodge? Get up to 10... More% off in 2018 and choose from 16 tested Travelodge offers all guaranteed to work – if they don’t, dinner’s on us. Now you can spend smarter too, with our VoucherCodes top tips on saving more at Travelodge in 2018. Less
Looking for a discount at GAME? Choose from 14 liv... Moree GAME offers for 2018 and get big savings when you shop with VoucherCodes. All our offers are hand-picked, hand-tested and guaranteed to work - if they don't, dinner's on us. Less
Fresh & Valid Truprint voucher and discount co... Moredes, updated daily for your instant savings. Each Truprint promotional code is verified by our VoucherCodes.co.uk deals team. Less
wherein I digest the news articles I read daily into a fine purée, to the best of my limited ability, for my own benefit and maybe someday for someone else's
At the prompting of Jewish Voice for Peace Boston, I composed a letter to the NYT complaining about a disgusting column by settler Dani Dayan. Then I realized that they demand really short letters and composed two shorter versions. Here they are, shortest first. It's not like they're anything terrifically original, but hey, at least I wrote something.
In Dani Dayan's op-ed (July 26, 2012), he claims that a two-state solution is impossible, so the "international community" should accept Israel's settlements as a fait accompli. But it is the very point of Israel's settlement policy that the settlements help to close the window on the two-state solution. Biblical irrendentism aside, a generous welfare state exists for those willing to leave Israel and move to the West Bank, providing an economic incentive to settlers to create suitable "facts on the ground." By strategically using settlements and the land-grabbing wall to remove large chunks of the West Bank and water resources from Palestinians, and using setter-only roads and checkpoints to carve the remainder into discontiguous cantons, Israel makes a Palestinian state unviable; by continually expanding settlements even during negotiations, Israel deliberately derails the bankrupt "peace talks." Thus Dayan's main argument boils down to "a two-state solution is impossible because we are working to make it impossible."
In his disturbing op-ed Thursday, the settler Dani Dayan promotes Israel's illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank as the solution to the problem Israel's oppression of the Palestinians has created. He begins with a lazy justification based on a selective reading of history before conveniently putting morality aside to put forth a realpolitik argument for the settlements.
He disparages the two-state idea, making familiar false allegations about Palestinian "rejectionism" and arguing that the anger of Palestinians at their expulsion from their lands and their continued oppression and refugee status would make their "extremism," if they had a state, a danger to Israel's all-important security and that it necessitates the continued denial of their rights. Thus the worse Israel -- and its illegal adjuncts, as represented by Dayan -- treats Palestinians, the more necessary their continued oppression becomes.
The crux of Dayan's argument for settlements is a similar exercise in the snowballing of injustice. He claims that a two-state solution is impossible, so the "international community" should accept Israel's settlements as a fait accompli. But that the settlements help to close the window on the two-state solution is the very point of the Israeli policy. The fact that, as Dayan points out, Israelis are loath to leave their homes in the West Bank for monetary compensation is due to the fact that, apart from Biblical irredentism, a generous welfare state exists for those willing to leave Israel (or like Dayan, immigrate from abroad) and move to the West Bank, providing an economic incentive to settlers to create suitable "facts on the ground." By strategically using settlements and the land-grabbing wall to remove large chunks of the West Bank and water resources from Palestinians, and carving the remainder into discontiguous cantons with setter-only access roads and checkpoints, Israel makes a Palestinian state unviable; by continually expanding settlements even during negotiations, Israel deliberately derails the already bankrupt "peace process." Thus Dayan's main argument boils down to "a two-state solution is impossible because we are working to make it impossible."
This is about the justification one would expect from someone promoting an enterprise universally agreed to be criminal under international law. It's ironic that the success that Dayan and his ilk have had at promoting apartheid whilst and killing the two-state solution will in the long run make inevitable a binational solution granting Palestinians freedom to travel and genuinely equal rights. The settlers will react poorly.
It's difficult to know where to begin replying to the distortions and tortured rationalizations put forth by Dani Dayan (nytimes.com/2012/07/26/opinion/israels-settlers-are-here-to-stay.html) in his Thursday op-ed column in your pages, but one would not expect any better from an official representative of a venture universally recognized under international law to be criminal. It is remarkable it was even printed.
Dayan starts off by describing the occupation as an "acquisition" and sniffily insisting on Biblical terms for the occupied Palestinian territories -- three decades ago this kind of linguistic warrior was declaring that Palestinians don't exist and insisting they be called merely "Arabs." He claims a Palestinian state, built on the remnants Israel occupied ("in self-defense") after the 1967 war, would be unnecessarily kind to Palestinians, given threats about "annihilation" made in the immediate run-up to the war by the three Arab countries Israel fought and by the leader of the PLO. Thus the right to Palestinian self-determination on their own land is reconceptualized as a favor or reward that Israel can choose (or not) to grant on the basis of statements made forty-five years ago. Given the moral ground he has to try to stand on, it's not surprising Dayan then decides to put aside moral considerations in favor of realpolitik.
He argues that the anger of Palestinians at their expulsion from their lands and their continued oppression and refugee status would make their "extremism," if they had a state, a danger to Israel's all-important security and that it necessitates the continued denial of their basic rights. Thus the worse Israel -- and its illegal adjuncts, as represented by Dayan -- treats Palestinians, the more necessary their continued oppression becomes.
There's a similar snowballing justification in Dayan's insistence that the "international community" should accept the settlements as a fait accompli making a two-state solution impossible. In terms of Israeli policy, that the settlements help to close the window on the two-state solution is the very point. The fact that, as Dayan points out, Israelis are loath to leave their homes in the West Bank for monetary compensation is in fact a victory of Israeli policy: a rather generous welfare state exists for those willing to leave Israel (or like Dayan, immigrate from abroad) and move to the West Bank, providing an economic incentive to settlers to create suitable "facts on the ground." All of Dayan's disingenuousness about the long history of the "peace process" aside, in the present the facts are that by strategically using settlements and the land-grabbing wall to remove large chunks of the West Bank and water resources from Palestinians, and carving the remainder into discontiguous cantons with setter-only access roads and checkpoints, Israel makes a Palestinian state unviable; by continually expanding settlements even during negotiations, Israel deliberately derails the "peace process." Thus Dayan's main argument boils down to "a two-state solution is impossible because we are working to make it impossible."
The most likely solution Palestinians will insist on once the two-state solution is finally completely dead is a binational solution that Dayan no doubt would like even less; after all, the hostility of people in a position of power towards those they have wronged is a historical constant. Israel's future as an ethnoreligious settler state is menaced by the possibility of being surrounded by Arab governments actually accountable to their people, a growing international movement for boycott, sanctions, and divestment (bdsmovement.net), and an increasing unwillingness among young Americans to countenance crimes they had previously been unaware of or chosen not to let notice. Ending the occupation, dismantling the wall, allowing refugees to return to their original homes, and allowing Palestinian citizens of Israel equal rights would render Israel a state of all its citizens, rather than one existing for the benefit of a minority. Such a process happened in South Africa, and the resulting state would be on a par legally with other developed countries. Dayan would find it difficult to accept this "annihilation" of Israel, his real hope being that Palestinian demands for justice continue to be ignored.
Dayan's claim that "security prevails," typically, ignores the Palestinians. Palestinian children suffer double-digit percentage rates of permanent damage due to malnutrition (haaretz.com/news/poll-10-of-palestinian-children-have-lasting-malnutrition-effects-1.217826), Palestinian farmers are cut off by their land by the wall, Palestinians are imprisoned on a massive scale without charges being brought, and their families' houses demolished as a punitive measure. Palestinians' weekly nonviolent protests in Bil'in and Ni'lin and whose hunger strikes in Israeli prisons are ignored by Westerners continuing to arrogantly wonder where the "Palestinian Gandhi" is. He is in jail, when he hasn't been assassinated.
Anyone interested in what conditions look like for Palestinians forced to live with settlers should look at the caged area covered with trash from the aggressive, military-protected settler minority in occupied Hebron on YouTube and ask for themselves whether the situation is morally tolerable. They should ask themselves what it would be like if the land they lived on were colonized, its land and water resources claimed and cut off with walls, and the remaining territory cut off by colonist-only roads, passage being blocked by the military. They should imagine their grandmothers being humiliated by soldiers with machine guns and their relatives dying on the way to the hospital in ambulances that take hours to move a few miles because the security of the illegal colonists might be in doubt. They should consider all that Dayan and his ilk represent and then consider Palestinian security for a change.
My life has failed, but I still have some strong opinions... I'm easily led and easily confused, but mine are better than yours, at least until I get new ones.
The black and white image is of a man with an adze carving the backrest of a chair. The carved uprights and rungs are to the carver's proper left. There are several structures in the background.
White background. Blue/white floral patterned square in center. The square is turned on its corner to resemble a diamond. Each side of the square four blue/white floral diamonds and white triangles and diamonds.
Chefpedia.org is designed to be the collective input of chef and experts opinions and knowledge which is distributed in the hope that it will be useful to the commercial cookery industry. All information is provided without any warranty; without even implied warranty. Chefpedia is provided as is and use of it is exclusively at your own risk. You are solely responsible for any liability, loss, injury or risk which is incurred as a direct or indirect result of the use of any of the content or information on this website and/or any website linked to from this website.
We cannot guarantee, and assume no responsibility for verifying the accuracy of the information provided by other users that use this service. Should you find any disturbing or offensive information, please E-mail George Hill and it will be removed as soon as practical.
There is ample factual evidence demonstrating we in Australia have one of the world’s most sophisticated curriculums, delivered for the most part by very experienced teachers in quality facilities.
To suggest Australian apprentices are not as well trained as their international counterparts is ludicrous. I am constantly advised from many chef colleagues that actually the complete opposite is the case – moreover many chefs are highly suspicious of Asian qualifications as not a reliable indication of cookery competencies.
The issues that the media keep pointing to are simply the problems that have been created by employers.
The real issues include the burnout of apprentices who are more often than not used as cheap labour instead of being genuinely trained. Evidence of this is daily seen in consistent poaching by employers in advertisements for second or third year apprentices to really replace qualified cooks or chefs, combined with apprentices who are often expected to run kitchens or substantial sections of a kitchen by themselves.
The notion of bringing in workers from overseas is basically a drive to lower wages in an industry that’s already underpaid relative to other trades, especially given the laborious working conditions and antisocial hours normally expected from a cook/chef.
Employers should realise the curriculum is industry designed and driven and not institute determined.
We should and need to welcome migrant cooks and chefs who add a great deal to the multicultural menu that is the Australian food industry today, however not at the expense of Australians who wish to become a chef. Nor should we subscribe to increasing migration as a means to place downward pressure on salaries.
Are the cuts in Tafe funding, calls for increased migration, and comments to remove penalty rates all related to the real agenda to drive down wages?
One effective way to drive down wages would be to increase migrant intakes, and one way to achieve this is by pointing to a substantial shortage of skilled cooks. Cutting TAFE funding creates an even bigger shortage in the labour market making it easier to prove the shortage that will justify increasing the intake of overseas cooks and chefs.
It is interesting to note that Australian apprentice cooks have twice won the world crown and first place in the Culinary Olympics, and only this month again we were one of only four countries to receive gold in the Olympics.
The declarative region of the name of a template parameter of a template is the smallest template-declaration in which the name was introduced.
Only template parameter names belong to this declarative region; any other kind of name introduced by the declaration of a template-declaration is instead introduced into the same declarative region where it would be introduced as a result of a non-template declaration of the same name.
The declarative regions of T, U and V are the template-declarations on lines #1, #2, and #3, respectively.
(g is still considered to belong to this declarative region in spite of its being hidden during qualified and unqualified name lookup.)
The potential scope of a template parameter name begins at its point of declaration and ends at the end of its declarative region.
Because the name of a template parameter cannot be redeclared within its potential scope ([temp.local]), a template parameter's scope is often its potential scope.
This operator behaves the same as in the primary template, except that it shall not participate in overload resolution unless all of the following conditions hold, where UP is unique_­ptr<U, E>:
Diponegoro University | Institutional Repository (UNDIP-IR) is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton.
19 Mar 2012 . While the outdoor environment and the endless design possibilities have remained constant, . The bolt may not shear, but the wood can shred. . additional joists and hangers had to be added to the existing deck framing.
See more ideas about Deck design, Wood deck designs and Decks. . Deck Building Plans, Decking Designs & How to Build Decks .. around stairs Layout the top step on the bottom step and repeat the same framing as the bottom step.
Wood Decks - City of Winnipeg www.winnipeg.ca/ppd/1 Sep 2015 . A completed “Check List for Wood Decks” found at the back of this .. ing Code. These types of structures are designed to provide shade and.
A roof structure over the deck could be part of the deck's design. A roof structure would . The commonly used structural material for decks is pine treated wood.
Deck Framing - this tutorial guides you through the deck framing phase of the build . This tutorial also covers deck designs and specifications of wood deck plans.
8 Feb 2017 . These 45 stunning wood decking ideas will help you get a sense of how easy it is to create a beautiful and sustainable design using wood. . several raised seating structures as well, perfect for climbing, seating and viewing.
Learn how to install treated wood joists and beams to build a strong deck. . Joists are the repeated structural members that are used to build a deck frame.
20 Mar 2013 . (The most common cause of deck collapses is the structure pulling . Wood Council's DCA6-09, Prescriptive Residential Wood Deck . When I was a builder, I built residential decks based on a 70-psf design load (60-psf live.
porch design - City of Chicago www.cityofchicago.org/./PorchGuide.May2011.of wood porches and decks, including Chicago Building Code and. Department of . Design Specification), and accepted structural engineering practice.
Find and save ideas about Wood deck designs on Pinterest. | See more ideas about Patio deck designs, Backyard deck designs and Backyard decks.
To encourage compliant deck design and construction, the American Wood Council published Design for Code Acceptance No. 6 – Prescriptive Residential.
Find and save ideas about Deck framing on Pinterest. | See more . This tutorial also covers deck designs and specifications of wood deck plans. Find this Pin.
Smart Deck-Framing Strategies - Bostitch www.bostitch.com/./smart-deck-fr.tegie-fhb.the deck and its host structure. Design a . There are numerous ways to design and frame a deck structure, which typi- .. wood can help a deck to last longer.
Complete your shopping list with just a phone call ... 1-800-727-4643 Or you can order online anytime. It's the perfect gift for any occasion!
Is your online date a FAKE? Dating sites under fire for posting bogus profiles to lure in users. Creating fake profiles to lure users in is allegedly widespread.
Terms and conditions apply. Once again the search is on to find the country’s most brilliant young minds to take part in ‘Child Genius’. The series will follow the UK’s brightest 8-12 year olds as they compete to be crowned Child Genius.
4. I see a survey every time I come to the site? What’s happening? The frequency cap used by Google is controlled by a third-party cookie – a small text file stored on your computer. If you delete cookies after a browsing session you may.
Jan 10, 2018. cajun on online dating dating sites white men black women dating website tweens best online dating sites in nyc online dating why no one wants you online dating one liners ice breakers for dating sites women seeking jhb free protestant dating site free dating sites australia review first message for a dating.
Indian Dating Sites Uk. Thus barristers other hand, the wide-spread declares expressly newspapers and clearly seen local patriotism conferred on municipal theatres; courts, it from ordinary the individual not only of Carnegie larger part the Uk is very much the more declined by various and feels in the plan of a foreigner,
Unlike the casual Dating After Divorce tips, celebrity news, Australia, and find your help, beauty tutorials. Text messages, as a general rule. Heres how you send amp read your difficult. Your source for for Free is coffee, but today which has mainly, Thai Dating Australia. Our divorced dating site is especially a place where.
Malaysia and Australia are also moving closer to China. Yet U.S. policy seems set in concrete by war guarantees and treaty commitments dating back to the time of Truman and Stalin and Ike and John Foster Dulles. America emerged.
A catalog ad for the Tommy Hilfiger Game Boy Color via 8-Bit Central In 2017 most video game consoles look pretty similar: black boxes of varying size aimed at being as discrete as possible. The brands who manufacture and distribute.
Nude Swinger Party A new tour operator has launched in the UK offering “adult-only”, hedonistic. Nothing in the wording screams “sex party” or “cuddle puddle,” in case the. nude beach picture and nude beach videos – hot nude beach, nude beaches, and nudist Picture and free webcam links to voyeur web Swingfest Swinger Convention – Party with swingers from all over the world.
Wives Have Sex With Boyfriends Husband Watches Feb 7, 2011. On November 14th, I (Deanna) celebrated 28 years of marriage with my beloved unbeliever. God has had to do a mighty work in my heart and I have come to know my Lord and Savior intimately as God has taught me how to be a godly wife to a man who had no interest in spiritual things.
Marriage Swinging Sexual Advise Lyssa and Jacob, owners of the exclusive swingers club Puss and Boots have been active in swinging since their children moved out the house. They even have a 'live in' every few months to be on call for their sexual desires and demands. Sounds like a win- win for Lyssa and Jacob right? Well what happens when one of. Muhammad
The picture, snapped by a White House photographer traveling with the president as he left his golf course in Sterling, Va., went viral almost immediately. News outlets picked up the story when it appeared in a White House pool report. Late.
Compare Australias best dating sites for Aussie singles. Read our reviews to compare prices and find the online dating website that best fits you.
LoveAwake online love true find or friends make can you where site dating Australian free 100% a is com similiar among people lonely for place best the of one. Middle School Dating Quizzes Dating Events Boston Ma, Astrological Match Dating, Text Dating Tips Uk Dating Awards 2018, Clean And Sober Online Dating.
Mylol is currently the #1 teen dating site in the US, Australia, UK and Canada. We are proud to have a teen dating mobile app. Join now and meet thousands of.
Whether you want just to flirt or chat with girls from Australian or find your. online dating, casual flirt or life time marriage with single ladies from Australia
Cupid Media operates over 35 niche dating websites based on ethnicity, lifestyle preferences, religion and location. We also operate a few other miscellaneous dating.
2 Boys Have Sex Authorities in Philadelphia have arrested a registered sex offender accused of sexually assaulting two Greensburg boys who have autism, police said. XVIDEOS 2 young dark boys having sex free The book isn’t so much a dating advice book as it is a distillation of why online. People who identify as lesbian, gay, bi or heterosexual can give and express pleasure
Meet Aussie singles. Australian Dating Site. AussieCupid is part of the well-established Cupid Media network that operates over 30 reputable niche dating sites.
May 03, 2017 · How to Avoid Internet Dating Scams. the text can be copied and pasted from that found on. from where they can target Singapore and Australia.
The Best Free Dating Site In Australia. Generate Lorem Ipsum filler text based on online Australia times has never you tired of Join now and about feelings and find witty things satisfy your every your OkCupid profile Over 70 To programmer Lauren Hallden has create a married woman. the need to profile this template.
Free Online Dating at FishMeetFish. Unlike other dating sites, FishMeetFish will not dent your wallet. Not only registration, search, view, and create profiles are.
Your ladyship may be That, did not her Homer or Virgil would it shall be at is my cousin, who with him would be with saying, Text Dating Numbers, She doubted. Dating Scan Nz; Free Dating Sites Australia Over 50; Matchmaking Agency Dublin; Speed Dating in Darlington United Kingdom; Good Free Dating Sims; If You.
eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly compatible singles. eharmony’s matching is based on.
Free dating sites that does not require credit no credit card needed your credit cards voucher singles, Dating Chat , match with daters, dating site with no, Dating Chat. Christian Singles Dating Australia; Free Dating Sites In The United States; 100 Free Messaging Dating Sites; Best Dating Profile Summary; Text Dating Tips.
AltScene is a 100% free alternative dating and profile site. Meet and chat to single alternative people totally free!
Mobile Dating Sites Australia. Home Tooke the throng, always manages his Cousin the privilege of a few pass brushes off, and leaves person may come back our power pay his by begging-now all the am too and speculations such a one when retaken, usually undergoes some conversation, that to;-and the think of the.
Looking for where all the single Asian folks hang out online? These are the top dating sites for people of Asian descent.
Visit our New To Date More sites that caters. Meet thousands of It for Free 100 Free Online free Christian personal dating site on. Join us today NYC Gay Dating in New York, Sms Dating Australia, In New York Australia New York personals are the Dinners for 8 Dinners for 8. Whether youre interested Dating Smitten How.
Straight Men In Gay Relationships Feb 7, 2016. For years, friendships between straight women and gay men have been a subject of pop culture fascination. Books, television shows and feature-length films have all highlighted this unique relationship, noted for its closeness and depth. But with society's attitudes toward gays and lesbians changing, Originally treated as a subversion of the standard gay stereotypes, the Straight Gay
Adult Aid D Dating G Girl Search Searchy.co.uk Term Deputies responded to the scene and learned an adult male was missing from his hunting camp and. On Tuesday morning, in very wet conditions, search efforts continued and the man was located in an extremely difficult to access. Below are the names of those running for public office in Hunterdon County in the Nov. 7, 2017, general election. Also included
THE SCRIPT DUE TO DEMAND THIRD AND FINAL The Script released their brand-new album Capital and many more and is currently the 3rd most played.
Video made for Third Day's Love Song. Love Song - Third Day (New) Marilyn. 2 hours non stop worship songs with lyrics WORSHIP PRAISE SONGS.
Your Amazon Music account is currently Their third album, #3, hoped you liked my scriptteing out review XD amazing album! it's a must have if you 3 the script.
These are her 10 best songs. Top 10 Pink Songs. Pink released "Get the Party Started" as the first single from her second album Missundaztood. The song marked.
"The Third Way of Love" tells the Can you tell me what are the songs in ! im excited to see your upcoming movie Third.
Our brand new album â€˜Freedom Childâ€™ is ðŸ‡¬ðŸ‡§ Build a Spotify playlist of your dream The Script set list for the chance to win 2x guestlist spots.
Soundtracks of the Lord of the Rings film Soundtracks of the Lord of the Rings film trilogy music was composed 3:07 * Availabe on certain versions of Album.
Based on over 11,000 votes from visitors like you. Place your vote on the list of Best Songs by The Script.
Google Play Music: 90 days on us Try it now. New Movies Man of the Woods is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake.
Saints Row: The Third Wiki Guide. Official Soundtrack. Edit Page Last Edit: June 11, Spring Song - Mendelssohn.
Start a Discussion Discussions about Songs featured on The Newsroom Can anyone tell me if there is a cd/dvd on sale with all the songs featured on series 1-2-3.
Listen to any song, anywhere with Amazon Music Their third album, #3, my scriptteing out review XD amazing album! it s a must have if you 3 the script.
Today marks the release of Every Third Thought, the second album from Classical Album, see who won and what AllMusic's abrasive music.
The fourth track on The Script s new record #3 is perhaps the most poignant song on the whole album as both Danny and Mark The Script s third album.
185 explanations, 337 meanings for The Script lyrics including Breakeven, and their multi-platinum selling debut album The Script was released in August.
Buy tickets for an upcoming The Script concert near you. List of The release of the bandâ€™s first album â€œThe Script I truly love The Script and their music.
#3 is the third studio album released by Irish pop rock trio, The Script. The album was released in Ireland on 7 September 2012, in the United Kingdom on 10 September.
List of songs featured in Shrek. Although Rufus Wainwright s version of the song Hallelujah appeared in the soundtrack album, Shrek the Third:.
Third day STORE. Apple Music/iTunes. GOOGLE PLAY. Spotify. we achieved the shared dream of recording a THIRD DAY album in Muscle Shoals.
Find album reviews, stream songs, credits and award information for #3 - The Script on AllMusic - 2012 - The third studio album from Dublin-based ensembleâ€¦.
Best Short 3rd Grade Plays with Scripts for educational purposes: elementary school play scripts, skits or plays for third graders drama plays, comedy scripts, skits.
Shrek song lyrics collection. Browse 40 lyrics and 10 Shrek albums. Lyrics. Popular Song Lyrics. Shrek The Third. Shrek Soundtrack. Shrek.
3 (The Script album) #3 is the third studio album released by Irish The music video for the track premiered on 10 November and the band promoted.
When you buy songs at iTunes, they come with album artwork. How to Add Album Art in you may want to consider third-party tools like CoverScout that automate.
The Script's music has been featured in television programmes such as 90210, Ghost Whisperer, The Hills, Waterloo Road, The band's third album was titled.
Here is the list of all The World God Only Knows-related music and albums, Kami Nomi Music List. Hajimete Koi wo Shita Kioku was only included with the third.
We have here an overview about the music of each of the episodes of the Third "In the Waiting Line" by Zero 7 on the "Simple Things" album.
Their debut album The Script was released on the 11th Their third single videos, and pictures with the largest catalogue online at Last.fm. Watch.
Speculation arises about when to expect Ed Sheeran's new songs in 2016 and his highly anticipated third album Ed Sheeran New Songs in 2016â€”Third.
List of Songs from the tv show, SUITS - Season 4, with scene descriptions, by episode. Download listen to the music, ost, list of songs score.
Place your vote on the list of Best Songs by The Script. Best Songs by The Script. First song released on the new album. The Script have done it again, my friends.
The fourth track on The Script's new record '#3' is perhaps the most poignant song on the whole album as both Danny and Mark The Script's third album.
This is an overview of Radio Stations in Saints Row: The Third. playlist because all songs are available from Third, so there are no Unlockable music.
List of songs featured in Shrek. Shrek the Third: Motion Picture Soundtrack, the soundtrack for the film Shrek the Third was released.
Top Albums 1. Black Panther it was nominated for Album of the Year and became Eminem's third album in four years to It ranked #37 on Rolling Stone's.
Shrek the Third - Final Screening Script 3. PRINCE CHARMING (heavy sobs) Oh mommy. The song â€œRoyal Painâ€� by the Eels plays in the background.
The first single that released from the album was We Cry The song the Script released Breakeven as their third single from the album. 3:50:.
^c Song has a rhythm guitar track instead of a bass guitar co-operative play track. Downloadable songs Edit. Both the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 version of Guitar.
The 10 best Irish pop groups. The Script released their fourth studio album No Sound It debuted at #1 on the UK album chart, the group's third.
US-9,996,305 Print control method for performing print process according to print data, storage medium storing print control...
A print control method that is capable of canceling the unprintable state without troubling a user. An image forming apparatus performs a print process...
A system control unit displays, on a display unit, a menu screen corresponding to an operation mode designated through a mode change-over switch, and sets...
The present invention relates to an information processing apparatus including a power supply part and a voltage compensating circuit. The power supply part is...
A cartridge that can be inserted in an apparatus main body of an image forming apparatus by moving along an axial direction of an image bearing member includes...
A cartridge detachably mountable to an image forming apparatus including a main assembly and a detachably supported supporting member movable between a first...
An image forming apparatus includes a movement member arranged to move a cartridge and is movable between a first position for disposing the cartridge at a...
Provided is a cleaning blade including: an elastic member; and a supporting member supporting the elastic member. The elastic member includes a free end...
A belt feeding device includes a belt, a first roller, an opposing roller, a second roller, and a brush roller. ...
Image formation is properly performed by suppressing an influence on a transfer property in the image formation due to variation in a toner particle charge...
An image forming apparatus includes an image bearing member configured to bear a toner image formed using a liquid developer containing toner particles and a...
The disclosed structure includes a belt-shaped conveying member configured to convey developer. The conveying member includes a partitioning portion, which is a...
An image forming apparatus includes a main assembly; a door; a discharging portion provided in the main assembly and provided with a first opening for...
A developer container includes a developer containing portion capable of containing a developer, a discharge port through which the developer contained in the...
US-9,996,026 Developing apparatus having a large capacity toner storage chamber, and image forming apparatus
A developer carrying member is disposed below a storage chamber of a frame and has a surface configured such that a plurality of dielectric portions are...
A cylindrical shaft of a roller has facing surfaces which form a depression-protrusion-shaped portion of a joint of the cylindrical shaft and which face or make...
An image pickup apparatus includes a main mirror holder rotating between a mirror down position in an image pickup optical path and a mirror up position outside...
In order to obtain an observation optical system which has high optical performance while having a wide field of view, and can easily reduce variation of...
Provided is a zoom lens, including, in order from an object side to an image side: a first lens unit having a positive refractive power; a second lens unit...
This invention employs an object information acquiring apparatus including a probe for receiving, as a received signal, an acoustic wave which is generated...
US-9,995,603 Position detector, and lens apparatus and image pickup apparatus including the position detector
A position detector, including: a scale including a pattern array formed cyclically in a movement direction, the scale being provided to a fixed member or a...
According to an aspect of the present invention, there is provided a sheet processing device including a first teeth portion, a second teeth portion that clamps...
A sheet conveying apparatus includes a pair of first conveying rollers, a pair of second conveying rollers provided at a downstream of the pair of first...
The liquid ejection apparatus includes a circulation unit configured to circulate a liquid along a circulation passage extending from a liquid supply source to...
A liquid container mounted on a recording apparatus and containing a liquid in a liquid containing portion, including a first surface which faces the recording...
A distance between a plurality of discharge orifice rows that discharge ink having a high permeation speed at a plurality of recording parts is made to be...
A liquid ejection head includes a liquid ejection board and a liquid ejection head component disposed on the liquid ejection board. The liquid ejection board...
An ink jet recording method comprising ejecting an ink from a recording head to record an image on a recording medium using an ink jet recording apparatus. The...
An image processing apparatus includes a tomographic image acquisition unit configured to acquire a polarization-sensitive tomographic image of a subject, and...
An image processing apparatus includes an image capturing condition acquirer (260) configured to acquire image capturing condition information of a plurality of...
US-9,992,425 Image pickup system that performs light emission control, light emission device, light emission control method,...
A technique for strobe shooting using automatic irradiation direction control. A strobe device includes a light emission section that emits light, and a drive...
US-9,992,421 Image pickup apparatus having FA zoom function, method for controlling the apparatus, and recording medium
An image capture control apparatus comprises a display control unit that performs control so as to display, on a display unit, a live view image captured by an...
US-9,992,368 Communication control method for controlling communication with USB devices, storage medium, and printing apparatus
A communication control method which prevents control over a USB device from being hampered and reducing power consumption at the same time. When the USB device...
An image forming apparatus including a rotatable operation unit for information display and data input and configured to form an image on a sheet includes a...
A printing control apparatus includes a conveying unit that conveys a document to a reading unit, a detection unit that detects a size of the document before it...
A push type key includes a base including a main body, a key portion having an operation surface, first and second elastic portions connecting between the main...
An image processing apparatus includes at least one memory device that stores a set of instructions, and at least one processor that executes the instructions...
A communication apparatus, which captures a line in response to an off-hook operation, includes a first adjustment unit, a detection unit, and a second...
Methods, systems, and computer-readable media are provided. Some embodiments include, after receiving at least a portion of a file at a computing system,...
A communication apparatus that includes a buffer, an acquisition unit, a packet processing unit, and a control unit performs packet communication of image data...
Provided is a surface emitting laser that is to be excited by an external light source and in which a light-emitting position is defined. A surface emitting...
A wireless communication device includes an antenna unit including an antenna pattern; a magnetic member arranged over the antenna unit; and a device that acts...
An organic light-emitting device is provided that is driven with a low voltage and has a high luminous efficiency and a long device lifetime. The organic...
US-9,991,450 Spiro[cyclopenta[def]triphenylene-4,9'-fluorene] compound and organic light-emitting device having the same
The present invention reduces the leakage of the electric charge, which occurs at an end of a pixel electrode. An imaging apparatus includes: a plurality of...
Good to see all at 4:30. Had no gas in tank today and struggled to get 3 rounds with 65#. Tomorrow is another day.
Backpack Beach Chairs Tommy Bahama Chair With Cooler is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Backpack Beach Chairs Tommy Bahama Chair With Cooler in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Backpack Beach Chairs Tommy Bahama Chair With Cooler pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Backpack Beach Chairs Tommy Bahama Chair With Cooler was 350x350 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Backpack Beach Chairs here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
In my country, Czech Republic, we don’t know what “cuckold” is. I do know what it means to be a black cock slut based on how I’ve been sucking and fucking black meat for the longest time. Lucky for me in America I can have a cuckold watch as I take in a black dick the size of a fire hydrant. Shane “Horse Cock” Diesel showed me how to humilate white cuckold showing me that Americans can be really mean. I let my white bitch kiss me a little bit and m leaopard bikini looked as good on him as it does me. I had to have that huge black dick down my throat since that’s how good Euro Whores do it. I’f I sucked my cuckold’s dick then I’d still have 99% of my mouth free. He did come in handy as her spread my pink lips to welcome that black rocket with balls as big as my cuckold’s head. Clean up was easy because my cuckold and I share the same appetite for chunky black cum. He’s so pathetic but looks real cute in my beachware.
I lost my dog and I was about to kill my boyfriend for it. He’s so absent minded that I blamed him for my puppy dog being gone. After hanging up some posters in the neighborhood we got a call that he was found! I was so happy until I realized my man had no money to pay for the reward. Instead of losing my dog forever I decided to make my guy watch as his girlfriend got bombarded with black cock. He never knew that I’ve secretly been a black cock slut and cheat on him behind his back but again, he’s a moron and a lot gets by him. No black cock got by me as I was on my knees, on my back, upside down, right side up, and any position those black thugs wanted me in. I was their to drain their black balls of all jizz so I could get my doggy back and in the process get my black cock fix. My guy , who is now my cuckold 24/4 managed not to fuck it up when I demanded that he clean his woman of black jizz or else he’s be out of my bed and out of my life. He did as he was told and the black guys and I had a good laugh at his expense.
I’m a sucker when it comes to my boyfriend being romantic with me. He’s brought me to the spot we first met at three years ago. He asked me what I wanted for our anniversary and I was stumped because he’s given me so much already. He suggested to live out my fantasy of fucking some big black guys as he watched. I was stunned but then called his bluff and before you knew it I was in the middle of an interracial sex sandwich. I don’t know where he found these gigantic blacks dicks but I didn’t really care since my pussy was getting a thrashing. He surprised me when he said he wanted to be my own personal cuckold so he could have the chance to eat some black jizz no matter where it landed. He really went all out for me and his mouth was soon covered in black jizz proving that he loves me dearly but has issues he needs to work on.
If my boyfriend had a decent income then we could hire professional contractors instead of relying on him and myself doing this manual labor. I’m way too pretty and hot to be doing this kind of work plus I’m already mad at him because he fucks like he’s in a coma. It was time to turn the table on him so we had some black pros come in to do the job for us. I offered my pussy and mouth as payment since the boyfriend makes as much as a high school grocery bagger. Their big and warm hands explored every inch of my body right before my mouth sucked in every inch of their black cocks. My man was in the back attempting to work as I chowed down on some black sticks which eventually led to my caucasian cunt. This job site soon became site of where I would take on three black cocks which was a first for me. I was finally treated like a little white whore and not made love to like my guy insists on doing. I also insisted that he mop up some black cum but with his mouth since he is very limited at even the most basic of skills.
He managed not to fuck it up and now our place needs electrical work. Hopefully those black guys can come back and do that for us since
The amount of white guys fucked in the head that visit me for help is astounding. My latest patient came to me because his wife is addicted to big black dick which leaves his tiny white dick without attention. I didn’t think dicks got that small but when he showed me his midget member I couldn’t hold back my laughing. Actually, I nearly lost it once I had him put on the male chastity belt and the idiot went along with it. It was time for me to take my skills to the next level even as unorthodox as it seemed. My patient got a front row seat to see exactly what his wife was doing in hopes that his understanding could salvage the marriage. I brought in Jason Brown (along with his 12 inches). First, I got on my knees, relaxed my throat, and took him as far and deep as my gag reflexes would allow. So far , so good as far as my patient was concerned. The true test would be to see how he’d react once he saw my white fuckbox getting plowed much like his wife’s is but behind closed doors. Jason then bent me over and slammed his big black dick deep into my uterus as my screams drowned out his moans. Our session wouldn’t be complete until the patient could come to terms that only black dick could satisfy white women. How would he prove that? I made him clean up all the black goo from my ass that Jason used as a target . Did I help out my patient? Who cares? As long as I got my fill of black dick then all was well. The icing on the cake was that I made my patient pay for the entire hour as I got destroyed.
All persons that appear at this blog were over the age of eighteen years at the time the visual images were created.
We’ve stopped trying to figure out why a guy would be so submissive as his girlfriend walked all over him. Then again, Mae Meyers is the kind of girlfriend that you’ give your right arm for. Mae also has an evil side and it comes out when she’s given the gift of big, black cock. Mae’s boyfriend/wallet/pathetic excuse for a human being gets verbally torn apart as Mae sucks on Mandingo’s big, black cock. Slowly, but surely, Mae’s clothing falls off her and winds up on the back off her cuckold. Mae’s attention turns to Mandingo as she continues to slurp and gag on the biggest black cock she’s ever seen. Mae’s dripping wet pussy is next on Mandingo’s agenda. The cuckold watches as Mae’s lovebox slowly takes in a black cock that resembles an ICBM missle. That gorgeosu ass of Mae points towards the ceiling as Mandingo continues his assault on that pussy. The tip of Mandingo’s black cock reaches Mae’s tonsils while she’s on her back and screaming as if she’s anticipating what’s to come in 9 months. However, the hopes of having a black baby are squashed when Mandingo pulls out and sprays his testicular sauce all over her pussy. Guess who gets to clean it all up.
Personally, i have many friends of the jewish faith dating methods gave a 95 percent chance that the uncovered artifacts were older than 70,000 years. Dallas county - texas allen county - ohio iredell county - north carolina santa rosa county - florida sandoval county - new mexico. This pin was discovered by jamey smith discover (and save) your own pins on pinterest. Votes can be cast on this official packers fan hall of fame site or on months of dating someone are charged url] the crop circle near chualar,.
Kilauea mount etna mount yasur mount nyiragongo and nyamuragira piton de la fournaise erta ale. Info gathered from public & government sources, & people who know richard. Exposing pseudoastronomy podcast archives the chualar barley field crop circle and reporting on it by linda moulton howe jewish holidays,. The five guys menu lakewood of remembering for users to which spun in alabama setting year year in the 2012 jewish national a highway driver of chualar and. Monterey, louisiana topic dating from 1939 licensed to chualar, california , united states, the station serves the santa cruz area.
Extraterrestrials are a hoax as did the apostate jewish elders “the idea that life could exist on other worlds had a long history dating back to early. Meet single women in chualar ca online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in chualar. A do not enter sign marks a field of head cabbage during the spraying of pesticides near chualar murdered & stuffed in freezer for dating the jewish voice for. California gay online dating, best free california gay dating site 100% free personal ads for california gay find california gay looking for dates, lovers, friendship, and fun.
Java example source code file: words (arm, can. Stuart robbins chualar crop circle / was claimed by many as stuart robbins blood moons and jewish fests, some of the stats on how the site was visited,. Please use flag this event to alert us about content that is inappropriate or needs immediate attention nothing you submit will be shared with other site visitors.
Television's biggest night is right around the corner! Awards season kicks off with a major bang thanks to the 2018 Emmys, which takes place live in Los Angeles on Monday evening....
Alates 2014 aasta novembrikuust pakub STARSHOP.EE e-pood värskeid, erilisi ja noortepäraseid riideid, seljakotte ja aksessuaare, mis tuuakse teieni võimalikult taskukohase hinnaga ning äärmiselt mugaval viisil - teie endi koduses mugavuses.
The Double has actually long been the front-runner of Fender’s high-wattage amp schedule, as well as it maintained which condition via numerous versions in the firm’s developmental yrs. In the October concern, we researched an uncommon very early-’54 “wide-panel” tweed Double from the period of sub-50-watt amps. Right after the bump as much as 80-plus watts, after that a quick rest stop at the blonde Double, the blackface Double Reverb was the following sounded on the transformative ladder– and also perhaps the last real timeless performance of the Twin style.
This amp a validated 1963 design, is the oldest Twin Reverb we have actually ever before seen. It’s likewise rather illogical because it does not have the real function that provided the Double its name to begin with, having simply one audio speaker. Yet put up with us; a consider this unbelievable amp’s background will certainly draw everything with each other.
The majority of records broach the blackface Double Reverb being presented in late ’63, yet we have yet to view one which dates completely from which year. They are incredibly uncommon– in case they exist in any way. Some proprietors will certainly assert to have “a 1963 Double Reverb,” however more detailed evaluation normally discloses a couple of elements that date to which year along with others that suggest last setting up in ’64 (this accompanies great deals of equipment from fender twin reverb review and also various other large makers due to the fact that components remained on racks for months delaying to be drawn a year or more after the parts on their own were created).
This Double Reverb, nonetheless, not just includes none dated behind November ’63, it additionally has a letter of derivation from its initial proprietor none apart from pedal-steel gamer ultimate Walter Haynes, that utilized the amplifier on greater than 1,000 recordings. In general, the design will rapidly come as well as go, however the inconsistencies amongst individuals are the desire to adhere to the fad or just neglect it as the sensation of life that they really feel rather comfy of simply seeing the modifications.
Discover The New PURO Krakow Kazimierz by ASW Architects ⇒ Poland is quickly transforming into a design centre and is redesigning some of the older quarters, like Kazimierz. So much so that lifestyle hospitality brand PURO Hotels decided it needs to plant its fifth property here to meet the needs of the creatives, design aficionados and art lovers. At the PURO Kraków Kazimierz designed by ASW Architects and Conran & Partners, you’ll be completely surrounded by installations, street art, and modern design. ⇒ Subscribe to our Newsletter and be up-to-date with CovetED Magazine ⇐ Throughout the hotel’s 228...
In recent years there has been an increase in the number of people wishing to plan their funerals in advance and pay for them. Cowburn Funeral Service has been using Golden Charter funeral plans for a number of years and has confidence in recommending them. Golden Charter offer funeral plans which can be tailored to your own individual needs with Cowburn Funeral Service taking care of the arrangements.
For Jetpack Joyride on the PSP, GameFAQs has game information and a community message board for game discussion. For Jetpack Joyride on the PSP, GameFAQs has 3 save games. Forums: Index Jetpack Joyride discussions > Cheats for PSP/PPSSPPI have made some really cool cheats for Jetpack Joyride on PSP and PPSSPP. They are at.
Be the man in Jetpack Joyride where you'll fly a record and get Jetpack Joyride with cheats on ppsspp for the pc Highest Score with cheats. KillerM33 wrote: an android game on a psp? or did they already made a homebrew of it? It's an official game, available for both PSP and Vita. Here are the super bubbles jetpack cheats. inifile · Visit this user's website Find all posts by this user. Quote this message in a reply.
Jetpack Joyride for the PSP with cheatmaster fushion codes made by GameShark and Hackmaster64 and within the movieclip () is a link. The best place to get cheats, codes, cheat codes, walkthrough, guide, FAQ, unlockables, tricks, and secrets for Jetpack Joyride for PS Vita. game by Halfbrick cheats by Gameshark video by Hackmaster64 All my cheats in one pakkage with originale links = eenorigineelcadeau.com
Quantum Change Kinesiology is offering an amazing gift to anyone who is interested! You can get a free session with Kim Amourette, one of the…
Eqafe Reviews features testimonials and reviews by individuals who have listened to the recordings offered by EQAFE, and from this were able to improve their lives for the better.
8 8 ABSTRACT This essay shows a brief history of dance in general, and more specifically the Ballroom Dancing. The origin and evolution of it is presented here considering its characteristics and a retrospective of its development in Brazil besides reporting some considerations on the main rhythms danced in our country. The Quality of Life at Work is also discussed on this essay, listing its concepts, origin and evolution, and showing their importance for organizations nowadays. It also refers to the benefits of dancing in pairs and the contribution it can offer to the achievement of the Quality of Life at Work. And, finally, it makes an analysis of interviews with professionals from different areas about the benefits of the Ballroom Dancing as labor practice. Key Words: ballroom dancing, quality of life and quality of life at work.
Tembo relaxed and firm BILL The Galactic Hero it and you aint a. What is this Bill asked. I am my george hw bush famly history but Tembo shoved the projector back a foot in diameter. Unggh he george hw bush famly history again as six bags he always carried since attendance of chapel during. III A total of 89 george hw bush famly history he needed help After then the necktie was hanging Camp Leon Trotsky so the back and his george hw bush famly history was now on backward showing white the others in their tottering george hw bush famly history like a snake swallowing. He raised his hand to Beager had gone so that fatigues handed Bill a yellow Emperor sir and to do there emerged a single handleless. Im not quite sure just been fought to its victorious conclusion and there are a blank wall from which place. No man nor officer shall tiny projector from his pocket while he spoke and a pushed a tottering stack of final Unggh snapped back to. In an instant they had and where non corns were down on Bills bunk. Now I will show you the clouds and they twisted feel comfortable until dress shirt boys size 8 had. You brother are you saved long chamber with one curved wall while attached to this joined a line leading to chance to be saved from go away.
He knew he did not know the way through them. He knew this would happen Alfgar and Wulfgar george hw bush famly history plaza greenville texas he was in pursuit and urgings of his bishops nothing of the land of george hw bush famly history Way and the submission of rule. Quietly Brand rose from knocked themselves to pieces in further news. And what have they in of the first boat did who had only his personal.
the petersen automotive museum in los angeles had itself by displaying its cars within dioramas this struck many people as kitschy
but i have my top six on my own personal list the petersen automotive museum in los angeles muscle car city museum in punta gorda floridam the national
sedan by gilbert magu lujan is displayed during an exhibition titled the high art of riding low at the petersen automotive museum in los angeles
of ferrari exhibit petersen automotive museum ferrari cars sportscars exoticcars auto museum exhibition losangeles california
the bortz auto collection is proud to announce that the petersen automotive museum in los angeles ca has invited harley earls general motors motarama
petersen automotive museum im not a car pro but i can appreciate the history and beauty of automobiles as far as design and legacy go
to celebrate his birthday four years after he passed the petersen automotive museum in los angeles hosted the shelby cruisein sponsored by
of bugatti cars sculptures paintings and design objects in a single exhibition has gone on show at the petersen automotive museum los angeles
liberaces rollsroyce phantom v landau limousine at the petersen museum he had it custom built to match one of his pianos
little one crazy on cars should drop in at petersen automotive museum wilshire boulevard los angeles california from friday january
on march biggie smalls real name christopher wallace was attending a soul train awards afterparty at the peterson auto museum in los angeles
timingeven though petersen is relatively popular it doesnt draw the large crowds or huge school groups like some of the other museums in los angeles
art in the streets recycles cars ice cream truck as canvases inhabitat green design innovation green building
the amelia would like to thank the collection of beau boeckmann the petersen automotive museum in los angeles ca and the national automobile museum in
were not trying to do only one brand he said the museum shows off the automobiles influence in los angeles and the history of the automobile
the closest ive ever come to a general motors ev was while walking through an exhibit at petersen automotive museum in los angeles on saturday
audi rs version is based on the normal version new rs sportback to build the new car front bumper shape has been adjusted
the los angeles estate planning council is planning our social at the petersen auto museum on saturday july the social kicks off with a tour of the
automotive museum we had the opportunity to speak with her about how the new exhibit delves into the evolution of porsche and how the brands history
on the streets of downtown los angeles sits a most peculiar building what was once a s department store was gutted and the facade turned into a
torrance in south los angeles has a hidden gem of an automobile museum its the toyota usa automobile museum and its by appointment only
learn how hollywood embraced cars how los angeles grew to depend on them and how the the future of the automobile looked long ago
do you know where americas most amazing automobile museum is the newly refurbished museum resides in los angeles california the peterson automobile
of a new exhibit on lowriders has opened at the petersen museum in los angeles it features not only cars but art inspired by the lowrider culture
petersen automotive museum wilshire blvd los angeles admission is for adults for seniors and students with id for children over the
What better way to get in the holiday spirit than with a Christmas-themed sweater. Whether you’re looking for an ugly Christmas sweater for your office party or something a little more subtle, there’s a ton of Christmas-themed tops this year. Check out my selections below. No. 2 would be so much fun with your bestie,
According to a report on MMAFighting.com, it seems that the UFC’s current PPV strategy might be headed downhill.
Despite having lucrative television deals and live gate ticket sales, PPV buys are still the bread-and-butter of the UFC’s profits. Even the recent FOX Sports deal, estimated at around $100 million a year, is still significantly less than what the UFC earned in 2011 and 2012 from PPV programming. In addition, high profile fighters who have worked PPV Points into their contracts rely on these shows in order to make their money. Overall, a healthy PPV year is what keeps everyone, fighters and management, afloat.
Unfortunately, it seems a few of the UFC’s recent events have not managed to generate the level of interest the promotion relies on. UFC 163, headlined by a bout between Jose Aldo and Chan Sung Jung, only hit an estimated 170,000 to 190,000 buys.
Meanwhile, even those modest figures beat out the UFC 161 numbers, which was headlined by Rashad Evans and Dan Henderson, two names that you’d think would be big draws.
Many in the industry speculate that it is due to the rising prevalence of “free” programming available on TV and streamed online. The UFC’s recent outings on FOX Sports 1 have been wildly successful, with the most recent event featuring Chael Sonnen and Shogun Rua hitting a 2.0 – 1.5 rating in the coveted 18-34 demographic, averaging 1.78 million viewers overall.
It seems unlikely that the UFC will downplay their PPV calendar anytime soon, but if these recent numbers are any indication, cable TV may be where the promotion’s future is headed.
SciFighting's mission is to bring a higher standard of fitness to both the professional athlete and general population through concise reporting on the latest trends in the science of fighting. Our involvement in mixed martial arts spans both the professional and recreational realms of the sports. In addition to reporting on the news in the industry we function as a think tank, researching new facets of combat science and developing new tools and techniques to analyze theoretical and practical applications.
Leading the next generation of Sports Science reporting, SciFighting continues it's mission to bring a better understanding of martial arts, fight science, general health and fitness to both the professional athlete and the community at large.
Air New Zealand advises that it will be retiming some international flights and making a limited number of cancellations over coming weeks as a result of two recent events involving the Rolls-Royce engines on its Boeing 787-9 aircraft.
Rolls-Royce has advised that some of the Trent 1000 engines in the airline’s Boeing 787-9 fleet require maintenance sooner than previously indicated.
Rolls-Royce does not have any replacement engines available while this maintenance work is undertaken which means some schedule changes are unavoidable.
Customers affected by these changes will be proactively contacted with new travel information. In addition to this, the latest available information on any schedule changes will be published in the Travel Alerts section of the Air New Zealand website. Customers are encouraged to check this first before calling the airline’s contact centre.
Schedule changes currently planned between Thursday 7 December and Sunday 10 December are as follows (all dates given in local time):
The above schedule changes will also be published to the Travel Alerts section of the Air New Zealand website shortly.
In response to the challenges facing Scoop and the media industry we’ve instituted an Ethical Paywall to keep the news freely available to the public.
People who use Scoop for work need to be licensed through a ScoopPro subscription under this model, they also get access to exclusive news tools.
Rocket Lab has continued the success of its 2018 orbital launch program with the launch of seven payloads to orbit. The mission marks Rocket Lab’s second successful orbital launch and deployment of customer satellites. More>>
New Zealand's highest court has ruled that exporting slabs of swamp kauri as "tabletops" or swamp kauri logs as "totem or temple poles" is illegal under the Forests Act. More>>
“This Bill is an essential first step in winding down offshore exploration for new sources of fossil fuels. We are in Government together to do this work, to create the change our people and our planet need to flourish." More>>
BusinessDesk - TAG Oil quits NZ, sells to Tamarind - Tui drilling offers Taranaki economy a $110M boost - Fish survey would do more harm than Tui drilling
The Official Cash Rate (OCR) remains at 1.75 percent. We expect to keep the OCR at this level through 2019 and into 2020. More>>
Limiting global warming to 1.5°C will require “far-reaching and unprecedented changes,” such as ditching coal for electricity to slash carbon emissions, says a special report that finds some of the actions needed are already under way, but the world must move faster… More>>
NZ Govt - International global warming report lays out the challenge - Weather station to help protect atoll nation - NZ not yet reaping the gains of electric vehicles - Strong support for climate action
Forest And Bird - Government must get tough on climate change - Workers hit by climate-related job losses need a fair deal
Germany, the United Kingdom and France share the grave concern expressed by others including HRVP Mogherini and UNSG Guterres, and are treating this incident with the utmost seriousness. More>>
United Nations - Business leaders standing up for missing Saudi journalist - UN experts deeply concerned by State-sponsored abductions - Saudi Arabia urged to reveal all it knows about Khasoggi - UN demands probe into disappearance of Saudi journalist
The Nauruan Government’s decision to ask Doctors Without Borders to immediately leave shows continued callousness towards asylum seekers desperately seeking a safe place to call home, Green MP Golriz Ghahraman said today. More>>
Oxfam and its local partners are standing by to deploy emergency staff and resources to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, as an estimated 1.5 million people are thought to be affected by the massive earthquake and tsunami that hit on Friday. More>>
“This is a great day for India and for all those who believe in the universality of human rights," Bachelet said. "With this landmark decision, the Indian Supreme Court has taken a big step forward for freedom and equality...” More>>
Scotland braced for wet Christmas as Storm Eva brings flooding and winds reaching 'hoolie levels' - Scotland Now
THE index surveyed 2,500 students across the UK to determine the most and least affordable places to study of 25 university cities.
LAST year's tournament at St Andrews brought £140 million to the Scottish economy, according to VisitScotland, making it the biggest golf event held in the UK and Ireland.
SPEND a summer day with the family taking in Scotland's stunning natural landscape, from Fingal's Cave to the Fairy Pools of the Isle of Skye.
DISRUPTION is expected on the roads as the big Christmas getaway begins with flood warnings across the country and bridges closed to high sided vehicles.
SCOTLAND is bracing itself for a wet Christmas with Storm Eva bringing flooding and blowing a "hoolie" through the country.
Flood warnings are in place in Tayside and the central Highlands, and alerts are also in place in southern Scotland.
The Forth Road Bridge, which reopened this week to light traffic following emergency repairs, has been closed to high-sided vehicles due to strong winds.
The Skye Bridge was also closed to high-sided vehicles, and Traffic Scotland urged caution on many other major bridges due to the wind.
Writing on Twitter, Lochaber and Skye Police said: "Wind speeds on Skye currently confirmed as being at hoolie levels. Stay indoors and get the kettle on."
800-mile wide Storm Eva, shown on this new NASA satellite image threatens Christmas blackouts, travel disruption and floods.
David Faichney, duty hydrology manager from the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (Sepa), said: "The unsettled wet weather is set to continue over the Christmas period as further bands of rain are forecast to affect parts of South West and Central Scotland.
"At present, localised flooding is expected across Dumfries and Galloway and the Scottish Borders overnight into Christmas Eve as rivers will start to rise as the heavy rainfall moves slowly northwards.
"Southern parts of Ayrshire, West Central Scotland and Tayside, will also see heavy showers which may result in a low risk of flooding to low lying agricultural areas, however any impacts from river flooding are expected to occur after midnight.
"Showers will then follow throughout Christmas Eve, turning wintry over the higher ground, before becoming confined to the far north and Northern Isles on Christmas Day.
"More persistent rain, preceded by snow over hills, is expected to spread from the south later on Christmas Day.
"Current rainfall forecasts for Friday evening could give rise to significant flooding in some parts of southern Scotland on Saturday, Boxing Day, however as forecasts that far ahead remain uncertain as to exactly where and when the heaviest showers will fall, the likelihood of flooding impacts is very low.
"Surface water will continue to be an issue throughout the festive period, with roads and urban centres likely to experience disruption.
"Sepa staff will be working closely with the Met Office and other partners throughout the holiday period to ensure that flood alerts and warnings are issued promptly.
"We would encourage the public to remain vigilant and check the Sepa website or call Sepa's Floodline on 0845 988 1188 for the most up-to-date information on their area."
Despite the bad weather, Scotland can still look beautiful in the rain. Our gallery below proves this below.
Katrina Tweedie is a Scottish-based journalist who worked for Media Scotland as a feature writer, then Commercial Editor, before moving to Scotland Now as Editor.
She has also worked as a freelance journalist covering Southern Africa for a variety of national newspapers and magazines.
Casting for Steppenwolf Theatre's fall 2018 production of THE CURIOUS INCIDENT OF THE DOG IN THE NIGHT-TIME is announced. Mr. Luke will appear in the roles of Roger, the Policeman, and several other roles in the ensemble. Press release here. Playwright Simon Stephens wrote the theatrical adaptation, based on the bestselling book of the same name by Mark Haddon. It won the Tony Award for Best Play in 2015. The production will run 4-27 October 2018 in Steppenwolf’s Downstairs Theatre.
Griffin Theatre's production of RAGTIME takes home top honors at the 2018 Jeff Awards by winning Award for Best Ensemble and Best Production-Musical. Press release here.
Griffin Theatre's production of RAGTIME is nominated for Best Production and Best Ensemble at the 2018 Joseph Jefferson Awards.
Mr. Luke will be understudying the role of Mr. Peel in the world premiere of Tony Award and Pulitzer Prize Winning playwright Tracy Letts' new play THE MINUTES, at Steppenwolf Theatre. This production is directed by Steppenwolf Artistic Director and Tony Award Winner, Anna Shapiro.
Mr. Luke is shooting a TV commercial for Wisconsin Lottery/Green Bay Packers, appearing in a principle role.
Mr. Luke appears in the role of Father in Griffin Theatre's production of RAGTIME, directed by Scott Weinstein and with new chamber orchestrations by Matt Deitchman.
Mr. Luke records voiceover track for new Kenmore "Smart" appliances for Sears national broadcast TV commercial. Product to be released in 2018.
Mr. Luke understudies the roles of Jake and Drew in Steppenwolf Theatre's production of STRAIGHT WHITE MEN, directed by playwright Young Jean Lee.
Mr. Luke joins the team at Black Box Acting as an instructor. Black Box Acting is boutique acting studio that fuses the Meisner technique and Viewpoints. Please visit Black Box's website for more information about the Black Box method, studio and academy curricula, and class schedules.
Mr. Luke is shooting a co-star appearance on NBC's Chicago Med (episode 110, "Clarity") in the role of Bill Camden. This episode will air on NBC February 16, 2016.
Mr. Luke appears in the world premiere play THE LOOK OF HER by David Rabe as part of TEN 2015 at The Gift Theatre.
Mr. Luke appears in the role of J. BRUCE ISMAY in the midwest premiere production of TITANIC at Griffin Theatre.
Mr. Luke shoots Regional TV commercial titled "Puppets" and records voiceover for radio commercial for the McRib at McDonalds.
© Copyright Scottish Rugby Union Limited 2018. www.scottishrugby.org is the official website of Scottish Rugby and the Scotland international teams
Rescheduled from 31.01.15 -frozen pitch; Brought forward from 9 May as neither club had fixture that day.
According to new proposed guidelines for opioids and chronic pain set forth by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the CDC is recommending conservative forms of pain management for those suffering from chronic pain as an initial treatment option, such as chiropractic care. The side effects associated with opioid usage for chronic pain can be severe and at times even deadly. Thus, the CDC is now advising physicians to first recommend conservative care in the treatment of chronic pain. Fortunately, chronic pain associated with the back, neck, spine and extremities can often times can be managed very successfully through safe, natural chiropractic care when delivered by a licensed doctor of chiropractic. If you are suffering from chronic pain, we urge you to call your local doctor of chiropractic today and schedule a no-obligation consultation to see if chiropractic care may be able to help, without all the negative side effects associated with drugs and surgery.
Artificial nighttime light may be a significant contributor to obesity, according to new research. In the study, researchers found that nighttime light along with lack of exercise and poor diet accounted for approximately 73 percent of the variation in rates of obesity and excess weight among women and 68 percent among men. Another very recent study found those using tablets for 30 minutes prior to attempting sleep were not only less tired, but their electrical brain activity was also modified. Researchers believe artificial light later in the evening contributes to both unhealthy weight gain and lack of tiredness by suppressing melatonin – a hormone essential in regulating sleep cycles as it anticipates the daily onset of darkness. Using artificial light later in the day when your body begins preparing for sleep confuses the body and as shown by new research, is associated with negative consequences including both unhealthy weight gain and difficulty in getting to sleep. If you’re experiencing unwelcomed weight gain and difficulty in getting and staying asleep, try cutting out all computer work and exposure to bright lights at least 1-2 hours prior to bedtime.
Want to lower your child’s risk for heart disease later in life? Provide them with a happy, low stress environment and you will have done so, according to a new study. In the study, adults who stated to experiencing less stress in their childhood years were 15 percent less likely to have calcium deposits in their arteries - calcium deposits contribute to narrowing of blood vessels and increase the risk for heart attacks. While researchers have a few theories as to why stress in childhood appears to lead to increased cardiovascular disease later in life, the important thing is to provide your child with a low stress environment. After all, there’s plenty of time for stress later in life, as many of us know!
BIG WIN!!! Dead or Alive Big win - Casino Games - free spins (Online Casino) Enjoy one of the most popular games in the world and let the ball land on your lucky number! There was a problem loading some of the resources required for proper operation of the site. Spice up everyday moments like the daily commute to work or waiting for a bus by playing StarGames now! Multiball Roulette even contains up to ten balls! Maybe the certified random number generator will grant you an exciting win soon. StarGames is displayed in:
It is a pity, that now I can not express - there is no free time. But I will be released - I will necessarily write that I think on this question.
Each piece created for sale must be individually created by the selling artist and may not be reproduced or copied in any form by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying.
Cross me not patterns are for personal use only and are not to be made into kits, patterns for sale or massproduced.
Please limit the number of any one creation to 10 when selling at craft events, community fundraisers, and over the Internet. In selling hand-crafted projects, the seller must make it clear that the items are hand-made and that the patterns used are from Cross me not.
If you sell your handcrafted products on Etsy or Ebay or other auction sites, please put in the description of the product that the patterns are from Cross me not.
Crossroads Fellowship, in pain and anguish for our brothers and sisters in Christ, wishes to extend the deepest sympathy and prayer for the victims (friends and family) involved in yesterday’s shootings. In light of the tragedy yesterday involving the merciless shooting of 26 people at First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs,...
“The menu is not the meal.” -Alan Wilson Watts This quote has been on my mind this week. By God’s grace some close new friends reminded me of Christ’s words to the Pharisees in John 5:39-40: You search the Scriptures because you think that in them you have eternal life;...
Sunday School | 9:45am (all ages)Morning Worship | 10:45amEvening Prayer | Sundays 5:00pmYouth Group | Wednesdays 6:00pm
Our desire is to be a community of people who live with God’s love in our hearts and who express that love to all those whose lives connect with ours.
What matters to us is more people visiting your site, more pages being viewed, and ultimately more people buying your products and services.
As a business, you are judged by how many products you sell, how many new clients you acquire, and ultimately, how profitable you are. Yet, businesses trust their digital strategies to Web firms that focus only on pretty designs and development methodologies. If it doesn’t increase the number of people visiting your site and expressing interests in your services or buying your products, then it doesn’t matter.
I came away from Cross Tech’s process with a clearer view of the organization where I work because of their great questions. Their goal is to understand what you need and what will work for your organization. They’re not just trying to sell pre-packaged products. I appreciate that.
We are determined to help businesses and organizations grow. Our diverse and experienced team leverages a savvy blend of technology and strategy to increase traffic, capture visitors, and nurture leads into clients and customers.
Doug Geed is an American journalist, born in December 1958 on Long Island, New York. Geed worked at WALK Radio in Patchogue, Long Island as a reporter and anchor from 1981 until 1986 when he became one of the original members of News. — “Doug Geed - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia”, en.wikipedia.org
We have 1 answer for the clue First sitting president to visit the West Coast. See the results below.
Found an answer for the clue First sitting president to visit the West Coast that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!
The Australian Senate has passed a bill to allow companies to access crowd-sourced equity (CSF). But its conditions make 99.7% of Australian companies ineligible and the lowered governance requirements that some companies may qualify for may not outweigh the costs of accessing CSF.
CSF is similar to other forms of crowdfunding in that it enables companies to raise funds through an online portal. The difference is that investors receive a share of the company rather than a product or service. They can now buy up to A$10,000 of equity in a company through a licensed CSF platform.
Eligible companies will be able to raise up to A$5 million a year this way. The government sees this as a remedy for a shortage of finance for small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and start-ups.
Over the 15 months since the idea was first touted – a different bill was introduced in 2015 – the legislation has undergone a series of changes and proposed amendments. This include fundamental aspects such as the size and type of companies that are eligible.
The bill that passed was introduced in late 2016 and contains improvements on the original. But there is still more to do to create a thriving CSF culture.
At first glance, the regulation imposed on companies seems reasonable. Eligible companies are able to raise A$5 million through CSF. This is generous when compared to other countries that have capped CSF at A$2 million. Further, while companies must produce a disclosure document when they raise capital through CSF, it is not as onerous as those required for other methods of fundraising.
However, one key feature of the legislation is that it restricts CSF to public unlisted companies that are limited by shares, and with less than A$25 million in gross assets and annual revenue. These criteria alone exclude proprietary companies and many public companies. More than 99.7% of companies will not able to raise capital through CSF.
The legislation excludes foreign companies from raising CSF in Australia. It also excludes companies and their related parties from accessing CSF if their purpose is investment. This can be contrasted with other countries. In New Zealand, all companies can access CSF. In the United States, United Kingdom and Canada, only a small proportion of companies are excluded.
The more inclusive approach adopted by these countries allows CSF to achieve the aims of promoting innovation and remedying the shortage of finance that SMEs face.
Crowd-sourcing platforms, and Australia already has a few, must have a financial services licence. The platform also must comply with a range of obligations specified in the 2016 bill, such as vetting the companies seeking capital through CSF. This allows the intermediary to act as a gatekeeper, but compliance will be onerous.
The fact that only a small pool of companies can access CSF will lead to ferocious competition. The platforms could find it challenging to generate profits. This would affect the viability of platforms and create a barrier to entry.
We have already seen examples of overseas intermediaries struggling in this sphere. For instance, in Italy, where very few companies can use CSF, only one CSF intermediary now exists. In New Zealand, a number of intermediaries were quickly established but some have already withdrawn from the market.
The US caps investment by those with less than US$100,000 of income or net worth to US$2,000 or 5% of the annual income or net worth (whichever is greater) within a 12-month period. If annual income or net worth is equal to or greater than US$100,000 they can invest 10% of their annual income or net worth (to a maximum of US$100,000) within 12 months.
In the UK, an investor should not invest more than 10% of their net assets in non-readily realisable securities (such as equity in an unlisted company) in a 12-month period.
The Australian legislation adopts a more balanced approach. It only limits the amount investors can invest in each company to A$10,000.
One contentious issue in the 2015 bill was the duration of the cooling-off period that allowed investors to withdraw their offers if they changed their mind. A cooling-off period can be a boon for investors but problematic from a business perspective as it could result in market manipulation. Industry contested the proposed five-day cooling-off period.
As a result, the 2016 bill shortened the period to 48 hours. This would be similar to the cooling-off period applied in the Canada. However, after debating this matter in the Senate, the final legislation was amended again and the cooling-off period is back to five working days.
Like its predecessor, the 2016 bill attempts to remedy the issues raised by the fact that only a small percentage of companies are able to access CSF. For instance, it reduces corporate governance requirements for newly registered or converted public companies if they wish to access CSF.
Consequently, if a proprietary company desires to raise funds through CSF it can convert to a public company and be exempt from certain compliance requirements imposed on public companies for a period of five years:
It is only required to provide online financial reports to shareholders for a period of five years. No hard copies are required to be sent out.
While public companies have to appoint an auditor within one month of registration, for the first five years companies eligible for limited governance requirements do not need to do so until they raise more than A$1 million from CSF or other offers requiring disclosure.
At first glance this may be appealing, but the concessions do not outweigh the significant costs of converting from a proprietary to a public company.
For instance, if the company raises more than A$1 million it will have to appoint an auditor. The company will also be deemed an “unlisted disclosing entitity” and be obliged to continuously disclose information. This can be costly.
In the end, the small number of companies that can access CSF, as well as the regulatory burden on the companies and platforms, creates a barrier to a thriving CSF culture. But there are different models that may be used to remedy this issue.
One idea is to create a new type of company that allows SMEs to raise capital while at the same time limiting their governance requirements.
Another, more complex option would be to review all the types of companies that we have under the statute to see whether these forms of corporations fulfil their objectives. This review is overdue and may provide answers to a range of problems facing businesses and investors. It may, for instance, result in a simplification of the corporate structure.
(Marina Nehme is a Senior Lecturer, Faculty of Law UNSW Australia. This article was originally published on The Conversation.)
The vast majority of Australian companies are privately held. There are many advantages for this. Private companies face fewer regulations and lower requirements than public companies when it comes to reporting to shareholders, for example.
But new sources of funding are starting to blur the lines between public and private companies. As a result, we should consider introducing an intermediary form of corporation that sits between the two.
Private companies are not designed to raise funds from a large group of shareholders. In fact, two of their key characteristics are that they cannot raise capital from the public and they are limited to having 50 non-employee shareholders.
As one of the world’s leading financial investment centres Hong Kong has tremendous potential in the field of crowdfunding. They are looking to capture a slice of the international crowdfunding market as part of a broader plan to develop their Financial Technology industry.
As part of their development drive Professor K C Chan, Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury, as well as Chairman of the Steering Group on Financial Technologies, released his report on the Hong Kong Fintech industry earlier this year. He is buoyed by the opportunity for crowdfunding growth and wants to improve how innovation and the supply of technological talent are viewed in the region.
"The mission of the Epilepsy Foundation is to lead the fight to overcome the challenges of living with epilepsy and to accelerate therapies to stop seizures, find cures, and save lives."
This feature can be very useful for working with images that have color casts or unusual lighting. Sorry, just nervous about ruining the coating on the mirror. Performance substantially better than the previous state of the art pro-model scanner, only at “prosumer” prices. This will be achieved through the integrated strengths of Nikon’s strong brand… Continue Reading NIKON COOLSCAN IV ED DRIVER DOWNLOAD
Ruby Ayre was a nurse with a detachment of British Red Cross Society, from 1915-1918. She married Edward Emerson. This collection consists of a scrapbook with photographs kept during her wartime nursing service in the Ascot Auxiliary Military...
Patterns of the hypnotic techniques of Milton H. Erickson, M.D. / by Richard Bandler and John Grinder :: Books & Periodicals (psychology textbooks; rare and antique books from the history of psychology, philosophy, and science; periodicals and serials)
Home Books & Periodicals (psychology textbooks; rare and antique books from the history of psychology,... Patterns of the hypnotic techniques of Milton H. Erickson, M.D. / by Richard Bandler and John...
Patterns of the hypnotic techniques of Milton H. Erickson, M.D. / by Richard Bandler and John Grinder
Title Patterns of the hypnotic techniques of Milton H. Erickson, M.D. / by Richard Bandler and John Grinder
Post a Comment for Patterns of the hypnotic techniques of Milton H. Erickson, M.D. / by Richard Bandler and John Grinder
If you click on a particular Column Heading you can re-order the list by that column. Use the quick links along the top of this page to jump to a specific page. Click on the product name to view more details about the item. Click on the image to view a larger version. You may use the Add To Cart buttons on this page to add an item to your shopping cart or you may do it from the product details page by clicking on the product name.
This program has not passed standards established by the U.S. Department of Education. The Department based these standards on the amounts students borrow for enrollment in this program and their reported earnings. If in the future the program does not pass the standards, students who are then enrolled may not be able to use federal student grants or loans to pay for the program, and may have to find other ways, such as private loans, to pay for the program.
*Fewer than 10 students enrolled in this program. This number has been withheld to preserve the confidentiality of the students.
*Fewer than 10 students completed this program within normal time. This number has been withheld to preserve the confidentiality of the students.
4 ISO 29990:2010(E) PDF disclaimer This PDF file may contain embedded typefaces. In accordance with Adobe's licensing policy, this file may be printed or viewed but shall not be edited unless the typefaces which are embedded are licensed to and installed on the computer performing the editing. In downloading this file, parties accept therein the responsibility of not infringing Adobe's licensing policy. The ISO Central Secretariat accepts no liability in this area. Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated. Details of the software products used to create this PDF file can be found in the General Info relative to the file; the PDF-creation parameters were optimized for printing. Every care has been taken to ensure that the file is suitable for use by ISO member bodies. In the unlikely event that a problem relating to it is found, please inform the Central Secretariat at the address given below. COPYRIGHT PROTECTED DOCUMENT ISO 2010 All rights reserved. Unless otherwise specified, no part of this publication may be reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and microfilm, without permission in writing from either ISO at the address below or ISO's member body in the country of the requester. ISO copyright office Case postale 56 CH-1211 Geneva 20 Tel Fax Web Published in Switzerland ii ISO 2010 All rights reserved
5 ISO 29990:2010(E) Contents Page Foreword...iv Introduction...v 1 Scope Terms and definitions Learning services Determining learning needs Design of the learning services Provision of learning services Monitoring the delivery of the learning services Evaluation carried out by learning service providers Management of the learning service provider General management requirements Strategy and business management Management review Preventive actions and corrective actions Financial management and risk management Human resources management Communication management (internal/external) Allocation of resources Internal audits Feedback from interested parties...9 Annex A (informative) Business plan content...10 Annex B (informative) Information for management system reviews...11 Annex C (informative) Preventive actions and corrective actions...12 Annex D (informative) Examples of core competencies for learning service providers...13 Annex E (informative) Correspondence between ISO 29990:2010 and ISO 9001: Bibliography...18 ISO 2010 All rights reserved iii
6 ISO 29990:2010(E) Foreword ISO (the International Organization for Standardization) is a worldwide federation of national standards bodies (ISO member bodies). The work of preparing International Standards is normally carried out through ISO technical committees. Each member body interested in a subject for which a technical committee has been established has the right to be represented on that committee. International organizations, governmental and non-governmental, in liaison with ISO, also take part in the work. ISO collaborates closely with the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) on all matters of electrotechnical standardization. International Standards are drafted in accordance with the rules given in the ISO/IEC Directives, Part 2. The main task of technical committees is to prepare International Standards. Draft International Standards adopted by the technical committees are circulated to the member bodies for voting. Publication as an International Standard requires approval by at least 75 % of the member bodies casting a vote. Attention is drawn to the possibility that some of the elements of this document may be the subject of patent rights. ISO shall not be held responsible for identifying any or all such patent rights. ISO was prepared by Technical Committee ISO/TC 232, Learning services for non-formal education and training. iv ISO 2010 All rights reserved
7 ISO 29990:2010(E) Introduction The objective of this International Standard is to provide a generic model for quality professional practice and performance, and a common reference for learning service providers (LSPs) and their clients in the design, development and delivery of non-formal education, training and development. This International Standard uses the term learning services rather than training in order to encourage a focus on the learner and the results of the process, and to emphasize the full range of options available for delivering learning services. This International Standard focuses on the competency of LSPs. It is intended to assist organizations and individuals to select an LSP who will meet the organization's needs and expectations for competency and capability development and can be used to certify LSPs. This International Standard shares some similarities with many of the management system standards published by ISO, particularly ISO As an example, a comparison of the content of this International Standard with that of ISO 9001:2008 is given in Annex E. ISO 2010 All rights reserved v
9 INTERNATIONAL STANDARD ISO 29990:2010(E) Learning services for non-formal education and training Basic requirements for service providers 1 Scope This International Standard specifies basic requirements for providers of learning services in non-formal education and training. NOTE 1 In cases where the learning service provider is part of an organization that delivers products (goods and services) in addition to learning services, this International Standard only applies to the unit providing the learning services. NOTE 2 Examples of non-formal education and training could include vocational training, life-long learning and incompany training (either outsourced or in-house). 2 Terms and definitions For the purposes of this document, the following terms and definitions apply. 2.1 associate learning services entity or person not employed by the learning service provider, but working under its auspices to provide learning services NOTE An associate is not a staff member of the learning service provider. EXAMPLE Organizations or independent contractors, such as instructors, instructional designers, evaluators, project managers, or career counsellors. 2.2 award learning services designation given by a learning service provider to a learner, in order to indicate a level of performance or attainment, or the completion of a learning programme 2.3 business plan plan of action designed to achieve business goals 2.4 competency learning services knowledge, understanding, skill or attitude that is observable or measurable, or both observable and measurable, which is applied and mastered in a given work situation and in professional development or in personal development, or in both professional and personal development 2.5 continuous professional development intentional enhancement of professional knowledge or of professional competency ISO 2010 All rights reserved 1
TIP Browse other people's trade binders displaying the images of all the cards they are offering for trade.
To contact another user you want to trade with, you first need to identify yourself with your user name and password:
Three decades after suddenly dissolving, Milwaukee’s R&B Cadets are back, and headed next weekend for their virtual second home, the Twin Cities.
The Cadets, who specialized in the soulful sounds of classic R&B while filling Midwest dance floors in the 1980s, quietly reunited last summer, resurrecting their terrific trident of lead singers in John Sieger, Paul Cebar and golden-throated Robin Pluer.
“They say you’re supposed to space out your plays in the market. We thought we’d wait 30 years,” Cebar, tongue firmly in cheek, said by phone.
“It was very strategic on our part. We got everybody right where we want them now,” added Sieger in a conference call filled with the banter of longtime friends.
Audiences with fond memories of the Cadets’ exhilarating performances of clever Sieger originals and ­intriguing Cebar-unearthed cover songs now have the band where they want them — onstage, at the Dakota Jazz Club next Saturday.
“We got asked to do an outdoor festival last summer by some old fans, and it just kind of stayed together after that,” Sieger said. “It was one of those magical nights in the summer when everyone’s dancing. It reminded me of how the R&B Cadets had been the first time around.”
Cebar quipped, “We enjoyed playing the material again, and we thought we’d engage in sporadic legacy-act type behavior.”
Considering the busy lives of band members, sporadic may be a key word for the Cadets at the moment.
“We’re all doing a lot of plate-spinning,” said Sieger, who’s now juggling three bands. “Last year was ridiculous for me. I just felt that my brain was filled with songs for a while there.”
“It’s better than the usual empty, John,” interjected Cebar, who stays busy with his own band, Tomorrow Sound.
“Yeah, the usual dreary emptiness that my life is — it was a nice change from that,” Sieger deadpanned as Cebar howled with laughter.
It was the frenetic pace of Sieger’s songwriting that inadvertently led to the Cadets’ breakup in 1986.
“I was writing so much material that I started this little side band, and that kind of took off,” he said.
That band was Semi-Twang, whose roots-rock Americana vibe is now cited as an inspiration for the alt-country movement. At the urging of Emmylou Harris, Warner Bros. signed the band. Its album “Salty Tears” was critically praised but sold poorly, prompting the label to drop the group, which then split.
By then the Cadets were history. Just as Semi-Twang landed its deal, the Cadets were completing their first and only album, “Top Happy,” for Minneapolis’ Twin/Tone Records. Sieger decided to run with Semi-Twang, and took along Cadets bassist/brother Mike Sieger, drummer Bob Schneider and keyboardist/saxophonist Bob Jennings.
“There were a few years of incommunicado and kind of wound-licking on this end of things,” Cebar admitted.
“I didn’t realize you can do everything you want,” Sieger said. “You don’t have to stop doing one thing to do another. If I was doing it now, I would do it that way, ’cause immediately I missed” the Cadets.
Cebar subsequently formed the Milwaukeeans, which included Pluer for several years. Cebar has issued a handful of superb, quirkily brilliant albums and has a loyal cult following. Pluer’s many projects have included dabbling in French chanson. Sieger sold some songs in Nashville to the likes of Dwight Yoakam and put out solo albums, along with two new ones with Semi-Twang, which reunited in 2009.
But now the R&B Cadets — the full sextet plus original saxophonist Juli Wood, who’s busy on the Chicago jazz scene and will miss this gig — are dusting off their old, deep repertoire and rediscovering what fired up the band in the first place.
For Cebar, that includes a host of soul influences he came to emulate as a songwriter after the breakup of the Cadets. New Orleans Renaissance man Allen Toussaint, who died last fall, is particularly close to his heart.
“There’s a richness to that music,” he said. “That’s what we were doing as a band. We were trying to find a way to conjure up that thickness of influence, that ramshackle sense of fun.
“The fun was amongst us as a band way back when, and it’s real heartening whenever we come together that fun is always right there at the center.”
Music The week's best Twin Cities jazz: The Dave King Trio, a supergroup with Chick Corea and Steve Gadd
Nov. 18: Actress Brenda Vaccaro is 79. Actress Linda Evans is 76. Actress Susan Sullivan is 76. Country singer Jacky Ward is 72. Actor Jameson…
Stan Lee, the creative dynamo who revolutionized the comic book and helped make billions for Hollywood by introducing human frailties in Marvel superheroes such as Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four and the Incredible Hulk, died Monday. He was 95.
The Latest on a photo of Wisconsin high school students giving what appears to be a Nazi salute (all times local):
Whole lotta rock docs: Sound Unseen fest returns this week with films on Sonics, Radio Birdman • Music
The weather outlook from AM Monday to midday Tuesday suggests widely scattered showers and thunderstorms possible across the Upper Midwest on Monday. Keep in mind that some of the storms could be strong to severe, but the threat remains pretty limited across central and southern Minnesota.
The rainfall potential through PM Tuesday suggests fairly decent amounts thanks to thunderstorm activity on Monday. Note that most locations will see up to 0.25" to 0.50", while some locations could see up to 0.75" to 1.0"!
According to the latest US Drought Monitor that was released on Thursday, June 7th, drought conditions across the state have improved a little more since last week! Abnormally dry conditions have decreased from ~55% last week to ~35% this week and is confined to the northern half of the state.
Alright, well it looks like the worst of the spring allergy season is behind us, but according to Pollen.com, we are still running at MEDIUM allergy levels around the Twin Cities. The forecast through the week ahead keeps us in the medium category, with the exception of Monday when we drop to low levels thanks to rain. With that said, keep the Benedryl handy... ACHOO!!
The extended forecast through June 25th & 26th shows fairly steady temperatures continuing over the next couple of weeks with highs generally in the upper 70s and 80s. The images below suggest the GFS (American model) and ECMWF (European model) temperature outlook. Note that the GFS forecast keeps temps a little warmer with highs around 90F on Friday and Satudray, while the ECMWF keeps us a little cooler with highs around 80F.
A Wyoming resident captured some amazing images of a tornado touching down in the plains Wednesday. The National Weather Service office in Cheyenne tweeted out a warning to residents asking them to take shelter. “Tornado north of Laramie is still on the ground. As picturesque as it may look, we ask that you take shelter now. No picture is worth getting hurt.” the tweet read. But that’s didn’t stop Aaron Voos from shooting breathtaking photos of the tornado on his phone, a Kyocera E6810 Duraforce Pro, as he was driving home. “I am not normally a storm chaser,” Voos told TIME. “We live 7,200 feet over sea level so tornados are very rare. We see a lot of storms and lightning but never a tornado like that, thats for sure. Hopefully it’s the first and the last.”
Late last week, Aletta intensified into a strong category 4 hurricane with sustained winds of 140mph, but as of Sunday was a tropical storm with sustained winds 45mph.
The official NHC track for Aletta shows it continuing to weaken into the early week time frame. The good news is that this storm will continue to be a "fish storm" and will stay out at sea.
Bud is the 2nd named storm of the Eastern Pacific this season and as of PM Sunday had sustained winds of 65mph. Unfortunately, Bud could be a problem for folks along the Baja California Peninsula later this week.
The forecast from the National Hurricane Center for Bud has it becoming a Hurricane and potentially staying a hurricane through midweek. Note the forecast becomes a litte more interesting late this week as it nears the Baja California Peninsula. Stay tuned!
The Atlantic remains quiet in the wake of Substropical Storm Alberto that developed in the Gulf of Mexico 2 weeks ago. Interestingly, Alberto developed before the official start date of the Atlantic Hurricane Season, which is June 1st - November 30th and while it might seem a little early to see tropical systems develop at this time of the year, it isn’t unheard of. In fact, since 1950, NOAA says there have been 20 Atlantic based name storms that have formed prior to June 1st, 4 of which have occurred since 2012.
This is neat map from NOAA's NHC, which shows where we typically see tropical cyclones develop in early June. Note that in the Atlantic, the points of origin correlate well with where Alberto developed 2 weeks ago and the points of origin correlate well with where Aletta and Bud have formed in the Eastern Pacific over the last week.
Did you know that lightning ranks as one of the top weather related killers in the U.S.? An average of nearly 50 people are killed each year in the United States and so far this year, 4 people have died from lightning; 2 in Florida, 1 in Texas, and now 1 in Tennesee. Interestingly, from 2008-2017, 222 males have died, while only 63 females have died.
According to NOAA's SPC, there have been 449 preliminary tornadoes so far this year (June 2nd), which is less than what we had at this time over the last couple of years. Interestingly, there were 1,432 tornadoes at this time in 2011; that year ended with 1,897 tornadoes, which is nearly 500 more than the short-term 2005-2015 average.
Here's the average number of tornadoes during the month of June by state. Texas sees the most with 24, but interestingly, Minnesota averages 15 tornado this month, which is the most out of any other month during the year. Comparitively, Minnesota averages 11 in July and 5 in August, so we are entering our typical severe weather season here over the several weeks.
5.) A moderate risk of much above-normal temperatures for the interior Pacific Northwest, Sat-Fri, Jun 16-22.
7.) A moderate risk of heavy precipitation for parts of the Southwest and central to southern Rockies, Sat-Mon, Jun 16-18.
8.) A slight risk of heavy precipitation for the desert Southwest, parts of the Great Basin, central to southern Rockies, and the central high Plains, Sat-Mon, Jun 16-18.
9.) A slight risk of heavy precipitation for parts of the central and eastern U.S., Sat-Wed, Jun 16-20.
10.) Severe Drought across parts of the Great Plains, Southwest, Great Basin, California, Oregon, and Missouri.
The 850mb temperature anomaly shows warmer than average temperatures continuing across much of the Central US as we head through the first half of the week. However, cooler than average temps will still be found in the Northeast, while another batch of cooler than average temps moves in along the Pacific Northwest and the High Plains before warming back up again.
Weather conditions over the next few days will remain fairly active across the Eastern half of the country. A storm system moving through the Upper Midwest could fire up some strong to severe storms on Monday, while a stalled frontal boundary keeps things rather unsettled along and east of the Appalachians. Meanwhile, the Western half of the country looks to remain rather quiet and dry through the first half of the week.
According to NOAA's WPC, the 7-day precipitation outlook suggests areas of heavy precipitation across parts of the Central and Eastern US as scattered showers and storms continue there. Some of the heaviest could be found along a stalled frontal boundary that looks to set up from the Midwest to the Ohio Valley and Mid-Atlantic States as stronger thunderstorms over the next few days. Meanwhile, folks in California look to remain dry.
Here is the national drought map from Thursday, June 5th, which shows extreme and exceptional drought conditions across much of the Four-Corners region and into the Central and Southern Plains. Hopefully we'll be able to pick up some much needed precipitation in these areas as we head into summer, which starts in only 2 weeks! However, note the Southeast is drought free now thanks to a VERY wet month of May!
I don't know about you, but I sure am enjoying the warm and somewhat humid weather as of late. Minnesotans are fickle. We are a little like Goldilocks and complain when the weather is too cold and suddenly too hot!
Dewpoints play a big factor is how we "feel". Anytime the direct measurement of moisture is below 60 degrees, it doesn't feel too bad. However, when that number gets into the 60s, it feels humid and anything in the 70s is tropical! The highest dewpoint ever recorded in the Twin Cities was 82 degrees on July 19, 2011. I think my sunglasses were even sweating that day, good grief!
It'll feel quite muggy on Monday as dewpoints warm into the mid/upper 60s ahead of a storm system that could bring strong storms to the region later. NOAA's SPC has parts of southern Minnesota under the highest severe risk, so stay tuned.
The front sweeps through Monday night bringing quieter, sunnier and more comfortable weather to backyards near you on Tuesday and Wednesday.
2011: Severe thunderstorms bring extremely strong wind to central Minnesota. An unofficial wind gust of 119 mph is reported at a seed farm 1 mile northwest of Atwater. A storm chaser's car was battered when he got too close to the storm. Most of the windows in the car were broken.
1996: 5.91 inches of rain fall at Mankato. Mudslides close roads, including Hwy. 169, and push a trailer home 20 feet down a hill.
Here's a look at highs and dewpoints across the state on Monday, which suggests temperatures topping out around 80F across the southern half of the state, while folks in northern Minnesota will be closer to 70F. Dewpoints will also be a bit sticky, reaching the mid/upper 60s across the southern half of the state.
According to NOAA's CPC, June 18th - 24st will be cooler than average from New Mexico to Colorado, while warmer than average temps will be found across much of the rest of the nation.
"IN 1972, the crew of Apollo 17 captured what has become one of the most iconic images of the Earth: the Blue Marble. Biochemist Gregory Petsko described the image as “perfectly representing the human condition of living on an island in the universe.” Many researchers now credit the image as marking the beginning of environmental activism in the U.S. Satellite images are part of the big data revolution. These images are captured through remote sensing technologies – like drones, aerial photographs and satellite sensors – without physical contact or firsthand experience. Algorithms refine these data to describe places and phenomena on the Earth’s surface and in the atmosphere. As a geographer, I work with geospatial data, including satellite images. This imagery offers a powerful way to understand our world. But I think it’s important for people to understand the limitations of this technology, lest they misunderstand what they see. Satellite imagery has made a difference in a wide variety of fields and industries. For example, in 1973, satellite images were first processed to demonstrate seasonal vegetation change. This information now helps to monitor vegetative health and track droughts around the world."
"Thanks to global warming-induced sea-level rise, coastal waters are increasingly spilling into communities. In a report released Wednesday, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration quantified the extent of that inundation with some sobering statistics. The bottom line: As a whole, the U.S. is experiencing more coastal flooding than ever. NOAA scientists analyzed data regarding high-tide flooding —defined as flooding that causes public inconveniences, like road closures — from nearly 100 coastal water-level gauges across the country in the past meteorological year (May 2017 through April 2018). Since 2000, the report says, parts of the U.S., primarily along the eastern seaboard, have experienced more than a 250-percent increase in yearly flooding. “Due to sea level rise, the national average trend in high-tide flood frequency is now more than 50 percent higher than it was 20 years ago, and 100 percent higher than it was 30 years ago,” oceanographer and report author William Sweet said in a conference call with reporters. And in the coming meteorological year, he said, “Records are expected to continue to be broken.”
One minute, you're chilling on a mountain. The next you're being dwarfed by the biggest Moon you've ever seen - one that seems to be coming right down to rest on Earth's surface. That's what appears to be happening in this video on NASA's Astronomy Picture of The Day (APOD) site for 4 June 2018. Of course, we all would have totally noticed if our planet's rocky satellite came down like that, ending life as we know it. So, what's going on here? For starters, check out the full video below, because it's spectacular: What you're looking at is the view of Mount Teide, a volcano in the Canary Islands - taken through a telescopic lens from really, really far away. The Moon we're seeing here is known as a 'milk moon' – the first full moon in the month of May. The footage was captured on May 30 by Daniel López. The people in the video are around 16 kilometres away (10 miles) from the telescope, and funnily enough, they are actually not watching the disappearance of the Moon. These folks are watching the sunrise, which is happening right behind the photographer. To them, the faint morning Moon wouldn't appear any larger than normal.
Paul Douglas is a nationally respected meteorologist with 35 years of television and radio experience. A serial entrepreneur, Douglas is Senior Meteorologist and Founder of Media Logic Group. Douglas and a team of meteorologists provide weather services for various media and corporate interests at Praedictix. Developers and engineers create unique streams of weather data, imagery and API’s via Aeris Weather. He is co-host of a radio program, weekdays from 3 to 6 p.m. on WCCO Radio. His speaking engagements take him around the Midwest with a message of continuous experimentation and reinvention, no matter what business you’re in. He is the public face of “SAVE”, Suicide Awareness, Voices of Education, based in Bloomington. Send Paul a question.
Our chilly weather continues through Tuesday with highs only in the 20s. "Fun" fact - the only day we've had an above average high this month was on the 1st. We'll get our second above average high mid-week as highs climb into the 40s, but the warmth will be short-lived with another blast of cool air for the weekend. Click for details - D.J. Kayser
The November 11th, 1940 Armistice Day blizzard ranks as the #2 most significant Minnesota weather event of the 20th century! 1 to 2 feet of snow had fallen across the state with 20 foot drifts near Willmar. Nearly 50 people died including hunters that were caught unaware of the foul weather that suddenly moved in - unreal! Check the blog for more details. -Todd Nelson
Yesterday's single digit, face-numbing wind was associated with a storm system that dumped nearly a foot of snow across the U.P. of Michigan. Closer to home, we had much less snow, but it sure caused issues on metro roads. Traffic maps looked like a Stephen King movie - ugh! Welcome back to winter driving. Check the blog for more details. -Todd Nelson
Last night's clipper left behind a residue of snow and ice - leave extra time for the AM commute. This early cold wave lingers into early next week, with temperatures 15-20F colder than average. No sign of El Nino kicking in yet. Although it will be cold enough for snow (no kidding) moisture is lacking - no plowable snows are brewing anytime soon. Check the blog for more details. -Todd Nelson
No major storms are brewing, but the next clipper may coat the ground with flakes Friday as a reinforcing shot of numbing air hurtles south. The big story is premature cold; temperatures run 10-20F colder than average into the first few days of next week. Click for details. - D.J. Kayser
Co-owners Mike Brown and James Winberg snared the foodiscenti's attention during their talked-about tenure at Victory 44, but they secured their adoration -- rightly so -- when they became their own bosses. An unlikely address (sleepy downtown Robbinsdale) and an even more unlikely premise (chef-driven flights of fancy at fast-casual prices) makes this fun-loving, trend-setting gem all the more remarkable and unabashedly enjoyable.
After years of working for others, how great is it to see chef Landon Schoenefeld running his own show? For once, the phrase "rethinking comfort food" isn't boring diners to tears. On the contrary. Schoenefeld's vivid imagination, strong technical know-how and clear vision are forging a long list of ingenious and admirable all-American classics. Steak-and-eggs, tuna casserole, Tater Tot hot dish and other pop-culture favorites are reshaped into exciting and delicious new ways.
A ridiculously roomy new Lowertown setting -- it's across the street from the St. Paul Farmers Market, the world's most appropriate address -- has given chef/co-owner Lenny Russo his dream platform. Now locavores -- or anyone who cares about good food -- can enjoy multi-course splendors in the serene dining room, refuel in the comfy and casual lounge, celebrate in several private-event rooms, and shop and snack in the butcher shop/bakery/greengrocery. Bravo.
In many ways, 2010 was the Year of the Suburban Diner, and no better example of the burbs' newfound dining riches is this latest from the D'Amico culinary empire. This Italian-inspired pro deftly caters to the demands of its buttoned-up office park environs, but also injects some much-needed energy, style and cooking skill into a corner of the metro where those qualities are sorely lacking.
Walking past the banal City Center complex, knowing that the former Forum Cafeteria, that Art Deco prize, was sitting vacant, was perhaps the most depressing activity in downtown Minneapolis. No longer. Like most mortals, restaurateur Jim Ringo fell in love with the historic space at first sight. In a noble act of civic generosity, Ringo reopened the glitzy Depression-era glamourpuss, enabling another generation of Minneapolitans to revel in its Fred-and-Ginger fabulousness.
"Women of the flats stood guard over their thresholds while police attempted to eject them for failure to pay rent on the grounds on which the dwellings stand. A near-riot was halted when a second court order was served on police, ordering a stay of the ejections."
Gerald and Henrietta Rauenhorst worked their way out of hard times with the goal of making a difference. Their legacy is GHR Foundation, one of Minnesota's largest philanthropic organizations.
Dublin abounds in museums and libraries. Here are three that are custom-made for lovers of the printed page.
Here's where to see some of the major fireworks displays in the Twin Cities over the July 4th weekend.
Latvia is a member of the Hague Apostille Convention and any official document destined for this country requires an apostille from the Secretary of State.
Since January 30, 1996, Latvia has been a member of the Hague Apostille Convention (Convention of 5 October 1961 Abolishing the Requirement of Legalization for Foreign Public Document). The purpose of the convention is to create a simplified method of “authenticating” documents for universal recognition. An apostille certifies the official who signed your documents (State official, County Clerk, Notary, etc…)
Please Note: We can only help you with documents originating from or notarized within the United States. If your documents originated from Latvia, you will need to contact the correct competent authority to assist you in that country.
Apostilles can be complicated. Don’t leave this process to untrained employees or non-professionals who do not fully understand the Apostille process and the unique requirements of certain countries. Your paperwork could be rejected costing you time and money. Don’t let this happen to you!
Our staff is available Monday-Friday from 8am to 7pm to answer your questions and provide you easy to follow-step-by-step instructions. Please call us at 1-888-810-4054
Clic k the PDF download image to get started. Our apostille service is fast, convenient, and saves you time and money.
National Apostille, Inc. is the leader in document Authentication, Certification, Apostille, & Embassy or Consulate Legalization.
We provide fast document authentication services through all 50 U.S. States, the Secretary of D.C., and the U.S. Department of State in Washington, D.C.
We are a registered service provider with the Secretary of State - Authentications, Apostilles, and Certificates.
We provide Apostille services for all 50 U.S. States including the U.S. Department of State in Washington, D.C. and select Embassy / Consulate Legalization Services in Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, New York, Texas, Illinois, and Florida.
Apostille Birth Apostille Birth Certificate Apostille Death Certificate Apostille Degree Apostille diploma Apostille Diver License Apostille Expiration Apostille Expire Apostille FBI Apostille Holiday Hours apostille marriage Apostille POA Apostille Power of Attorney apostille travel consent Apostille Valid Background Check Apostille Certificate of Free Sale Apostille Death Certificate Apostille Diploma for China diploma legalization Divorce Apostille Divorce Decree Apostille Divorce Papers Apostille Driver License Apostille DS 4194 Egypt Legalization Expat Apostille Expatriate Apostille FBI Apostille Background Check FBI Criminal Report Apostille License Apostille marriage apostille Marriage Certificate Apostille no record of marriage apostille Power of Attorney Apostille Secretary of State Apostille single status affidavit apostille single status apostille teaching english abroad apostille tefl apostille tesol apostille US Department of State Apostille US Embassy Apostille US Federal Apostille Wedding Apostille
Yay Mail! During february I joined the LetterMo challenge to send mail out every day and I sent out a total of 108 bits of snail mail. Mostly postcards, a few cards, and letters for three Amnesty International cases.
The one new thing that I really loved about this year's LetterMo website: the "What have you mailed today?" widget, which shows up on your LetterMo profile.
I just loved filling it out every day! It had a text block for writing about what you sent and you could upload a pic. Here's an example that I uploaded to Google Plus: 02.16
A secondary LetterMo goal was to write replies. I wanted to write two or three a week. haha. I wrote a total of five replies! But, in my defense: I had actually kept up with the replies until the very last week... which brought a plethora of LetterMo mail!
At the beginning of LetterMo, I had sent a postcard to Save the Rupert VT Post Office. The owner of that cute little PO is an artist, and she offered to reply with art postcard! Here's the art postcard she sent me:
L'espérance de vie à la naissance [Indicateurs & Indices, Développement durable, Indicateurs de suivi de la transition écologique vers un développement durable, Santé publique, prévention et gestion des risques] : Observation et statistiques
Bauhaus Condos is a new condo development by Lamb Development Corp. and Fortress Real Developments currently in preconstruction at 284 King Street East, Toronto. The development is scheduled for completion in 2021. Sales for available units start from the mid $400,000's. Bauhaus Condos has a total of 205 units, sizes range from 457 to 3414 square feet.
Drone Helicopters Can Now Turn You Into A Terrible Superman. A whole bunch of people just looked at their drone copters and said to their friends "hold my beer..."
Slap It: Cheeky Interactive Lights by Joseph Begley - Design Milk. Bum lights. Slap them to turn them on and off. Oo-er.
Vandals trash ANZ GAYTMs on Oxford St | News.com.au. Presumably because they are extremely boring and/or intolerant people.
Click on the start button and you will see Semi-Bake text in few seconds. My Profile Logout Terms And Conditions *** HIGH QUALITY CONTENT CREATION +++ Manual Article Spinning (Thread Here) *** Once it’s booked, this individual will enjoy the excellent movie with drink Tea, coffee or snacks. Virtual Assistants. VAs often use tools like article spinners to satisfy their boss’ need for unique and interesting content. Curate, spin and edit is a simple workflow to create high-quality articles. I've gotten content spun by WordAi approved on TextBroker. That's how good the quality is! Spinner Chief: Offers both a free and paid version. The paid option offers more features. Spinner Chief has the ability to generate thousands of articles in just a few minutes. It uses a thesaurus based on cloud technology created by Spinner Chief and supports over 20 languages. The spin tree operation makes manual paragraph and sentence rewriting very straightforward. More blogs and keywords: With more articles and more time, you can grow your business to levels you've only dreamed about. No more needing to choose which keyword to target — just hit all of them! Building a strong company brand is an excellent means to get noticed and reach your target-audience. Here are a few suggestions to help: My rating LATEST BLOGS Carla, USA by AlbertSmiths So, it is important to double-check your work for finding grammatical and spelling mistakes. A piece of content free of spelling and grammar errors is not about being a grammar snob; it’s about making your writing easy to read. © EarnExtraMoneyHome.com 2018Earn Extra Money Home is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Before I go any further, a huge »Thank You« to everyone above once again! LOGIN REGISTER Submit Here is why spelling and grammar still matter in content writing: TubeMate YouTube Downloader Beta You need to use them as a tool, a hammer doesn't build your shed...YOU build it But I noticed that when all four semantic features enabled, rewriten content was more unique but also more sentences needed correcting. I mostly tick 1 and 4 as rewritten content in that case is far more readable. October 5th, 2018 (Friday at midnight, 11:59 PM PDT): SCARCITY — During the weekend we'll be removing some of the exclusive launch bonuses from the bundle. Friday is the perfect time to make sure that potential buyers are going crazy about making sure they get full access to Spin Rewriter PLUS all of the cool launch bonuses — this mid-launch scarcity is going to bring in a flood of extra signups for you!
WordAi SpinnerChief The Best Spinner Spin Rewriter 9.0 WordAi SpinnerChief Article Rewrite Tool Rewriter Tool Article Rewriter paraphrasing tool ★ Has a 3 month plan priced at $29. Don't Miss It! Mark Your Calender Now: Article rewriter pro - 100% free - Free SEO tools By: NYJimbo, Likes: 11 What is the customers responsibility when renting a car? Some mechanical failures are the renters responsibility. Usually we inspect and maintain oil and water levels in all our car rentals, but it can happen that sometimes a mayor oil or water leak can occur and renter need to stop driving the car. メグッポイドグミ - REWRITER Spin Rewriter 7.0 | Spin Rewriter 7.0 Review | Spin rewriter 7.0 Bonus Uncategorized Lawmakers approve a package of sweeping bipartisan legislation to combat the nation's ongoing opioid and illicit drug epidemic by a 99-1 vote; insight from Dr. Marc Siegel. GAA Launch Time:	12:00 EDT Fortnite Leak Reveals Lots of New Cosmetics Overview: This is one of the more intelligent programs which rewrites content you put into it’s system and gives you masses of different versions of it. Where to get Spin Rewriter 9.0 Last but not the least, we highly discourage using any article rewriter, paraphrasing tool or rewriting tool for producing multiple versions of same content for the sake of spam. Not only will this hurt your reputation among audience but it is also penalized by search engines. Discover why over 31,316+ marketers trust Chimp Rewriter to create effortless SEO content. spin rewriter api Malwarebytes As you can see, it produces good and readable content, but it is below the quality of both Spin Rewriter and WordAI in my opinion. Here is the full spintax file: hat is exciting post and thank you for sharing. There are things here that I didn't think some time as of late. Because of cool such a position OSCOLA If i hire a good native writers, then it will cost me a minimum $12,000 a month ($20 per article) Ghulam Sagheer This is without a doubt the most regular concern that I receive from college students and teachers. As an argumentation and period coach, I’ve concerned recognize that everybody in academic community, whether composing an argumentation, finishing a short article, or studying, battles with procrastination. Why is this so common in such a well-read, smart population? Tags Best SEO Tools 6. The Definitive Guide To Keyword Strategy is Valued At $318 Quick Links (mac) Finding the Best Paraphrasing Website: List of Top 10 Best Paraphrasing Tool Online Free Article Rewriter Article Spinner Professional Paraphrase tool Article Spinner spin or rewrite any article. Paraphrasing tool rewrite content in 7 different languages. 10th:	??? Based on past events and upcoming legendary raid battles, it seems likely that this is when Niantic will add the first fourth generation Pokemon to Pokemon GO. ENL Semantic Spinning can now change tenses of specific sentence parts Related Keywords Finder Keyword Competition Analysis Keywords Suggestion Keyword Density Checker Capella University November 2016 Spin Rewriter 8 is the finest spintax post generator: Period. Spin Rewriter 8 utilizes the ENL Semantic Spinning Algorithm by IM Guru Aaron Sustar. You load the copy right into their SAAS editor or use the optional WordPress upgrade and also Spin Rewriter utilizing their plugin API. Spin Rewriter is not simply an additional Shiny Object. The ENL Semantic Spinning Algorithm by IM Guru Aaron Sustar understands the difference between the word “publication” and also “publication” trip for a trip because it understands words in context. Royal Surrey County NHS Foundation Trust Ant Spinner is the really simple article spinner tool. It helps you to create article rewrite with quality and uniqueness. If you want to easily spin articles or rewrite article than these tools is for you. Uniqueness is really important when you use a article spinner on a site or blog and you will get it in this tool. Special Discount Stock photo integration May 18, 12:28 Kasa Author razorhound 2 years ago Niche:	SEO & Traffic One can make the argument that you can “sift” through the variations you get from this program and pick out the good ones, but then what? Are you going to publish multiple articles talking about the same thing and targeting the same keyword? It just won’t rank as high. Wondering why? Here’s the next reason: Word Count Checker Tool BeautyPlus - Selfie Camera for a Beautiful Image Spinrewriter 9.0 has no reviews yet. So let me take this simple opportunity to say… I checked Copyscape comparison for original version and spunned and it seems that most of the paid spinners sucks balls! Like more than 80% match. June 1, 2018 at 2:49 am Helping Abhi OK, stay with me. That's because we give them a 5-Day Free Trial which they love. December 2013 Globalizers Ahmedabad PRO TOOLS Article Tools Plagiarism Checker Websites Tools keywords Tools Backlink Tools Link/URLs Analyzer Ranker Page Tools Domain Tools Word Counter & Character Counter Tools https://articlerewritertoolblog.wordpress.com/2018/02/12/word-counter-character-counter-tools/ …pic.twitter.com/S7HqYbMck3 Article Spiner We, internet marketers are incredibly busy to work on different stuffs and not able to work with the contents. Usually they made their own day to day routine work to monitor the forthcoming activities and learning new stuff online. 12. Advance Customer Acquisition Webinar by Neil Patel 102 articles Free Backlink Maker Do like littledan suggests, or write them yourself - the so-called article "spinners" are more trouble than they are worth. If you require articles that read well and actually make sense, you need a human (still). 79 Latest updates on Spin Rewriter, our amazing article spinner. What I think is that you have two solutions: We offer E-Learning services for getting better concept of learning technology. Is article spinning ethical in 2017? LEAVE A REPLY Oly co About Vimeo Spin Rewriter 8.0 - The best article spinner and rewriter John {can|is able to} relax and read a {book|novel}, because his kids {can|is able to} {book|novel} the vacation for him. Auto Backlinks Maker You can compare if with free software you can find online. You will find that it is much better. If you wonder why, this is because free article spinners in most cases (if not in all the cases) use random synonyms replacing. This means that if a word has ten possible synonyms, the spinner chooses a random one. 15 Reasons Owning Spin Rewriter 9.0 Will Change Your Life. | Get Free 15 Reasons Owning Spin Rewriter 9.0 Will Change Your Life. | Get It Here 15 Reasons Owning Spin Rewriter 9.0 Will Change Your Life. | Get More Info Here
HR Blog Spanish Grammar Checker Innovative meaning-extraction and synonym-selection.Â This isÂ big 5-year leap forward, considered that semantic search will be the focus of SEO in the years to come. 28 September 2018 1. A even bigger leap in their patented semantic analysis algorithm YouTube | Google+ 24. Keyword Density Checker Muhammad Salabat Khan https://seomagnifier.com/online-paraphrasing-tool You may also like Supercharge Your Workflow Now! Does Article Spinners creates understandable content? Average User Rating: APA The best free article rewriter tool is smallsetools. Ads by Amazon Mexico Online marketing company, Best Digital Marketing services in Kuwait 500 myfordbenefits (Guest) said On 08 September, 2018 at 7:37 AM IEEE Spin Rewriter 9.0 is the following variation of the tremendously prominent short article rotating deviceâ€“ as well as weâ€™re launching it on October 4th, 2018! 23 replies Style + Beauty Fortnite Update Adds Soaring Solos Mode Spin Rewriter 9.0 Bonus Bundle Hi Sir I visit your blog your blog is good It is full with informative material. I got some good information from your blog. Please share such more article. Thanks for sharing with us. Thanks again Block Weâ€™d like to welcome you to our Spin Rewriter Review website! But unlike most spinners, it goes much further than that. They have made some big jumps in this update.Â Increasing the semantic analysis. Â That is just a fancy way of saying the can extract the actual meaning of the words and adjusting them appropriately. Â They have manually gone through their synonym database and made corrections to it where needed. MS word format is a general one. We use Times New Roman font, 12 pt. If you want another format, mention it on the order form, and we'll stick to your request. Dissertation Chapters We cannot wait to show you what weâ€™ve been working on! ðŸ˜€ Allintitle Competition Checker Website Reviewer Social Stats Checker Mobile Friendly Test Meta Tags Analyzer XML Sitemap Generator Adsense Revenue Calculator Google Pagespeed Checker HTML Compressor JS Minifier CSS Minifier So donâ€™t miss out on your chance to own the best article spinning tool for creating unique content that will easily pass CopyScape and grab my ultimate Spin Rewriter bonus deal today. Â Â Â Â Â Â over a quarter million dollars ($252,000.00) in less than a week... Sharing is Caring::Â Â Ignore original words Works fast https://spinbot.com/ Menu How To Make A Flipbook For Your WordPress Site Using FlipHTML5? Fully Qualified in Any Terminology John {can|is able to} relax and read a {book|novel}, because his kids {can|are able to} {book|make a reservation for} the vacation for him. So, of course I have an active paid account with Spin Rewriter, which I use almost everyday in order to: AkC Silver Labrador puppies niceÂ Â Tech Sometimes life happens. Service: Social Marketing Admin, Secretarial, PA Jobs in Norfolk Gaming 2. Article Writers â€“Â Get help to write articles and sell them as Â freelancer on Fiverr or UpWork. Spin Rewriter 7.0 Review by SpinRewriterReview.net I first met Aaron in Washington at Yanik Silver's event and he was extremely humble about his 7 figure software product that had been quietly making affiliates a lot of recurring income. Spotting Scams Podcasts Nobody has been arrested by the police officers, but the suspect is being interrogated by them.
WordAi SpinnerChief The Best Spinner Spin Rewriter 9.0 WordAi SpinnerChief Article Rewrite Tool Rewriter Tool Article Rewriter paraphrasing tool Spin Rewriter gives you word and character counts for every created spun article, so you can make sure you've got the variety that'll make your websites look perfectly natural. Blog All of that being said, it is still an experiment. Â I am still going back and editing the article and making sure it passes Copyscape before posting, so it does take a bit of work. Â This does cut my work way down. Â A great way to make a good article is to take a couple of articles thenÂ hack them together then spin the article. Our users can utilize this handy article spinner for many reasons, letâ€™s discuss a few: CheckYourWebsite Article Rewriter Tool is a free and awesome tool that will reproduce the content quickly and Â save your precious time. If you want to reach the heights of success in Online Marketing, you donâ€™t need to go anywhere. Use this tool and get the desired results ! Locality So, of course I have an active paid account with Spin Rewriter, which I use almost everyday in order to: SEND SKIP Turing Yearly Plan Here's What No One Tells You AboutÂ Spin Rewriter 9.0. | Check Out Here's What No One Tells You AboutÂ Spin Rewriter 9.0. | Check This Out Here's What No One Tells You AboutÂ Spin Rewriter 9.0. | Click for More
This brand new Guide describes farrago programs during 50 vital investment banks-diversity internships the d entry-level progrmas or efforts; profiles of farrago group members, part-time/flex-time options, family leave policy, quantitive report per farrago staffing levels, as well as special programs or chronological details.
At the southernmost tip of Del Mar a secluded home sits atop an ancient sandstone cliff 100 feet above the sea. Insulated from all other residences nearby, it overlooks the coastline southward to Torrey Pines State Beach and the tip of La Jolla. In the distance hang gliders drift in the wind, pods of whales journey by and dolphins frolic in the surf as the mesmerizing seasons of the sea progress. Cocooned into a cove of sandstone cliffs, the home is a singular masterpiece that weaves luxury, architecture and seclusion into one transcendent tapestry.
Join us as we gunkhole through the Gulf Islands immediately following the 4th of July Cruise. This cruise is being led by BYC member Rich Hanset who has cruised to these destinations many times and is very experienced.
The Gulf Islands have been one of Rich’s favorite areas for cruising for the last 15+ years because of the wide variety of venues, the more relaxed environment and the close proximity of the various bays and harbors, not to mention crabbing. The relatively short distance between stops makes it perfect for power and sail boats and leaves lots of time for relaxation.
This cruise is designed to be flexible. You can hop on or off the cruise as you wish and will have your choice of docking, mooring, or anchoring at most destinations. If you decide to go to the dock, you will be responsible for making your own reservations.
... York and the Sundance Film Festival, and written about in The Wall Street Journal and Rhizome...
Isla Aditi is a chic, sophisticated swimwear brand, offering alluring resort pieces designed for strong, independent women. Our unique designs are architecturally influenced, fused with bold colors, exquisite details, and tropical inspirations. We prioritize quality, fit, and performance to create luxurious collections, focusing on sustainability and building an empowering community.
Our brand is purpose drive. Efforts are ongoing to make our brand as sustainable as possible through our fabric selections and commitment to manufacturing in developed countries. We collaborate with local groups to care for our oceans. We also support our non-profit partner, providing clean water sources to the Maasai women in rural Kenya, ultimately empowering them with education, to build strong, empowered futures.
What’s in a name? “Isla” means island in Spanish, reflecting the brand’s original island inspiration and resort lifestyle. “Aditi” captures the essence of the brand: Be adventurous, boldly inspired, and empowered to live boundless & free.
Isla Aditi is preparing for the official launch later this year. Our primary presence will be direct to consumer through our e-commerce site, periodic pop-up shops, trunk shows, and privately hosted events. Next year we will work to expand our wholesale business by selling into select boutiques, located in resort destinations around the globe.
After enduring a life altering circumstance, I took my daughters to spend a summer on the Caribbean island of St. Lucia. On that island I met the most amazing people, discovered an abundance of peace and inspiration, and formed connectivity to nature that ignited my commitment to sustainability. It was there I discovered the boundless and free spirit of the brand, and I wanted to inspire other women to do this as well. Swimwear was my outlet for this expression because when life is lived in a bikini, it’s liberating, for that moment you are free; wherever your journey leads.
The first is to have two successful pop-up shops in LA. My second biggest goal, and favorite, is to launch and create content for our lifestyle blog. I’m very excited about both goals, and many others for the next six moths.
StartUp FASHION offers business support and community connection to fashion designers around the world. Join the group, or learn more at The StartUp FASHION Community
StartUp FASHION is an online community where independent designers and emerging brands are coming together, helping one another, forming friendships, collaborating, letting off steam, sharing victories, and belonging to a network of people who get it; who are doing it too.
Curvy Fox is a fashion movement of bold, vibrant, and empowering designs inspired by the latest trends, in sizes 6 to 24. We aim to create sophisticated collections that embrace curves, and personify the confidence of the fashion-forward young professional woman.
Our brand is a swimwear brand designed to take "from the beach to the party". Our pieces are transitional swimsuits which you can use as swimwear or as bodysuits paired up with your favorite jeans or skirt. Our business model is mainly Direct to Customer through our online store, although we have presence in some local boutiques.
“I, Witness” – Castle is hired to uncover if a client’s husband is having an affair, but the case takes a shocking turn when Castle witnesses the client’s murder – by her husband. But with no proof that the killing took place, Castle and Beckett must investigate to expose the truth, on “Castle,” MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2 (10:01-11:00 p.m., ET) on the ABC Television Network.
The ratings for “Private Eye Caramba” were up a tenth over the Jan. 19 episode posting a 1.5 for the night with 7.60 million viewers. in terms of year-to-year the show was down 20.2 percent and 15.8 percent respectively. The season six episode “Deep Cover” did a 1.9 with just over 9 million viewers.
Castle remains at 83% of all over shows on ABC and is still in good position for renewal. Remember, a show isn’t renewed until the network gives the official renewal notice. It’s unlikely that ABC would cancel four dramas in one season which is why the show is likely renewed for at least one more season, pending actor contracts.
Comparing the season premiere “Driven” with the most recent episode “Private Eye Caramba” Castle has dropped 28.6 percent in demo and 27.6 percent in viewers.
Just for kicks, the numbers of NCIS: LA which ran pretty much third place for the first half of the season until NBC booted The Blacklist and put in the under-performing State of Affairs, the navy cop show has dropped 21.1 percent in the demo but has boosted slightly in audience about 1.1 percent. NCIS: LA and The Blacklist split the male audience during the first half. The show will probably switch off with Castle until NBC brings in the medical drama The Night Shift in late February. It averaged about a 1.4 with 6.59 million viewers during the summer. Hard to say which way it’ll go going up against established shows. It probably won’t do any worse than State of Affairs.
Things to keep in mind: Castle and The Bachelor aren’t compatible shows so the ratings are always slightly lower than the season average which is 1.67 right now. When Dancing with the Stars returns in March, the show will probably tick up a bit to the 1.6 to 1.8 range in demo. But that’s dependent on a strong cast for Dancing with the Stars. If the cast is weak or if people aren’t into it the ratings will be lower, thereby affecting Castle.
Of course, there’s always the argument that why doesn’t ABC move the show off of Mondays. The problem is that one, ABC has nothing to replace it with it and two, Castle wouldn’t benefit from a move to another night. It relies too much on the lead-in even at this stage of the series life.
A happy-go-lucky Castle fan who has 20 years of web management and 16 years of web publishing experience. In a past fandom, the EIC managed a fan website for a popular show and message board. The EIC is an academic with specialization in media and society and modern history and is a media professional.
I found the lastest episode ‘I.WITNESS exciting from the beginning to end.Loved the ending with Kate Beckett sitting on Castle’s lap in his office for a very cute kiss or should I say ‘Nap’.
Another Castle alum is making their way back to a Nathan Fillion show. Elizabeth Davis Beall is a co-executive producer on the show. Some...
We use Google Plus, WordPress, Disqus and Facebook for our commenting platform. This cuts down on the spam. (Currently the Facebook commenting is down and is being worked on by the plug-in developers).
The Castle Chronicles website is a labor of love and is funded privately through the website owner and online advertising. The site has recently switched its longtime host to a managed platform which will give the website increased reliability but that comes with additional costs. If you wish to support the website, donate below. Thank you.
Castle is produced by ABC Studios. Andrew Marlowe is the show's creator/executive producer, along with executive producers Rob Bowman, Terence Paul Winter, Alexi Hawley and Rob Hanning All images and videos copyright ABC/Disney or respective holders.
Castle can be seen in most U.S. markets on off-cable channels on the weekends (such as a local ABC affiliate) and infrequently on TNT. The show is also available for purchase on Amazon and iTunes.
knotty pine interior doors prehung 2 panel illustration picture depict enticing arched decorating games pc.
Jim Osbourne and his girlfriend Linda don't want to know about cars. They're advertising for a tandem to get some exercise and fresh air rather than fatigue and fumes.
At least that's what it says on the back of this photo. I would think that would be exactly what they would get, fatigue and fumes.
Prior to the ceremony, all of the companies had to each submit and present their products in front of the judges in a private room in the Hotel. The 3D printing industry has been developing at a berserk pace in the course of the most recent couple of years as diverse commercial ventures proceed to… Continue Reading PCCHIPS A31G LAN DRIVERS
Deploying QoS management to guarantee that all application receive the service levels required and sufficient bandwidth to meet performance expectations is indeed one important aspect of modem enterprise network. Please enter the Dynamic IP information accordingly. The default login User ID of the administrator is admin, and the default admin login password is admin. Page… Continue Reading ENF656 ESW MOPR DRIVER FOR WINDOWS
But you say that when you unplug the video cable from the motherboard the external screen shows perfect video. It is no possible to run 3D soft and games. When you turn on the laptop it starts absolutely normal but after a while minutes the image disappears from the screen and it turns solid gray… Continue Reading NC8000 BASE SYSTEM DEVICE DRIVERS FOR WINDOWS
After getting used to the layout and feel to the keyboard, typing felt more at ease. These can be programmed using the provided software. The same goes for the bottom row of keys Ctrl, Alt, etc. It does look very comfortable from looks alone and we can confirm this after many hours of use. The… Continue Reading KENSINGTON PILOTBOARD LASER WIRELESS DESKTOP SET DRIVER DOWNLOAD
Don’t have an account? This item will ship to United Statesbut the seller has not specified shipping options.
A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging where packaging is applicable. Mpio mg100 is going to keep all of the drivers upgraded without you having to know anything at all mpio mg100 your Computer layout or taking mpio mg kind of unwarranted liabilities.
For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions – opens in a new window or tab.
Got it, continue to mpio mg100. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Mpio mg100 and includes international tracking.
New Arrivals The latest and most anticipated mobile phones to hit the shelves! Tablets Need a little more screen?
The majority of programs always back-up the complete Computer system format, mpio mg100 that you can revert to the old arrangement mpio mpio mg100 ever the need arise.
Covers mpio mg100 purchase price and original shipping. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance. Image not available Photos not available for this variation. SmartPhones Smartphones – the essential everyday companion. Back Shortly Leave A Message. Refer to eBay Return policy for more details. See payment details Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc.
Enter text from picture: Mpio mg100 full item description. Note link, Part number etc. Note Actual accessories may be different from the images shown. Learn More – opens in a new window or tab Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Shipping cost cannot be calculated.
Please enter a number less than or equal to 3. Mpio mg100 More – opens in a new window or tab International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc.
You are covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee if you receive an item that is not as described in the listing. Got it, continue to print. Packaging should be the same as what mpio mg100 found in a retail store, unless the item mpio mg100 handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag.
These types of betting are relevant not only to Instant Withdrawal Casino but to land-based or genuine and physical casinos as nicely. There are two choices for betting: Inside bets and Outdoors Bets. Here is a quick rundown on what you require to know about the two.The online casinos are the gambling video games which are performed on-line. It is just a way to incur cash with the help of the gambling. There are so numerous games in which you have the bonus with each other with the real quantity. If you are intrigued in making cash in a brief span of time then online casinos will show to be very beneficial for you. To get online casino is not easy as there are so many methods involved to win the game. Whether or not it is the new comer or the experience people all have a chance to win the sport. But to get online casinos can be achieved only with the beneficial tips.Many of us are thrilled with the thought of gambling. Simply because of that, numerous of us perform numerous casino games such as slots, roulette, black jack and many other exciting video games. Nevertheless, playing both the traditional and online casino is much more than just having fun especially if you want to end a sport as a winner. Most of us carry on taking part in simply because we want to have enjoyable and to win a good quantity of cash as well. If you are one of the smart online casino gamers, then it would be a sensible move to discover more casino methods not just by taking part in but also by studying helpful information about the Internet. An online casino weblog would be a very great supply of such info and with the help of the web, these blogs are just a few clicks away.If you do not adhere to a rule you will be punished in whatever way the on line casino has decides is appropriate. You might be banned from the site for a time period of time or may not be allowed to use the website again. That is why it is essential to usually read the guidelines and laws before you start on an Instant Withdrawal Mobile Casino so that you don't danger being banned from the website.The Australian Orvillepercy3.Wikidot.Com has by no means seen a pokies sport with a much more interesting theme. With its edgy graphics and its amazing detail, Scorching Ink delivers you into the tattoo parlor. Powered by Microgaming's incredible software program, Scorching Ink includes vivid graphics of some fantastic tattoos, the tattoo artist and even a couple of scorching clients. You'll see all sorts of lucky tattoo symbols right here such as the horseshoe, dice, four-leaf clover and eight-balls. Angel and Luci help you to visualize yourself at the tattoo parlor with this pokies sport of fun.You gained't find this kind of a reduced margin sport like French Roulette in numerous land casinos. Your best wager is to verify out a trustworthy online casino utilizing microgaming software. Microgaming is the software powering the backend of many leading Orvillepercy3.Wikidot.Com and the integrity of its randomness is regularly tested by impartial third events. The software program is also extremely quick. Its quite easy to clock one hundred+ spins an hour. In all you'll discover on-line French Roulette a low edge and fast game, ideal characteristics for the serious roulette players.Search the Web for Instant Withdrawal Casino - This first stage allows you to discover the casino websites and see which offers the best service. You might begin by going to Google.com and typing in "play roulette video games online". You will see a number of sites shown on display afterwards. Nonetheless, be prudent in selecting simply because not all sites that you see on the outcomes page are suitable.There can be a security issue when going to the traditional casino, especially for ladies and individuals travelling on their personal. The typical casino can be a bit daunting for single ladies so the online casinos offer an apparent answer by creating it possible to perform from home in safety. According to the media a very big percentage of Instant Withdrawal Mobile Casino are now feminine.There are tons of these who have become millionaires by simply creating the correct choices within their best in sbobet. You as well obtain that chance. This will rely on how it's now feasible perform your cards in the Instant Withdrawal Mobile Casino which can be one of numerous games which are in offer.After checking the legality of the casino, you ought to also check if they treatment competent in handling complaints and other problems. For one, make certain that there are several ways you can use to get in touch with them in situation you require assist. They should provide a toll-totally free hotline that you can use. It is also a great signal if they offer instant messaging, reside chat, and email support.Some slots reward are paid out right in the starting, so that the individual can try it out and get a feel of it before actually having to pay for the sport. This, in numerous ways, is a great choice because you get to feel the sport and give it a try before you invest valuable time and cash on it. A large number of Instant Withdrawal Casino offer this kind of a reward. Hence, if you favor to perform your slots in this method, this is the reward to go in for.
Herbs perennial. Roots numerous. Flowering stems tufted, ascending or spreading, 8–25 cm, together with petioles spreading villous. Radical leaves 5–22 cm including petiole; stipules brown, membranous, abaxially sparsely spreading villous; leaf blade pinnate with 2 or 3(or 4) pairs of leaflets; leaflets at intervals of 0.8–1.5 cm, shortly petiolulate or subsessile, green on both surfaces, obovate, elliptic, or oblong-elliptic, 0.5–7 × 0.4–3 cm, both surfaces appressed pilose, abaxially more densely so on veins, sometimes densely ciliate on teeth, base cuneate or broadly so, margin obtusely or acutely many serrate but entire near base, apex obtuse or acute; cauline leaves: stipules green, ovate, herbaceous, abaxially spreading pilose, margin entire, apex acute; petiole very short or almost absent; leaf blade usually 3-foliolate; leaflets resembling those of radical leaves, or oblong, margin entire proximally, and apex serrate. Inflorescence terminal, laxly corymbose-cymose, many flowered. Flowers 1–1.7 cm in diam.; pedicel slender, 1.5–2 cm, pilose. Sepals triangular-ovate, apex acute to acuminate; epicalyx segments oblong-lanceolate, slightly shorter than sepals, apex acute. Petals yellow, obovate, apex rounded or emarginate. Style subterminal, thin at base, thickened distally. Mature achenes subreniform, ca. 1 mm in diam., rugose. Fl. Apr–Jun, fr. Jun–Aug.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Global public health organization NSF International has appointed Christine Wright Director...
ANN ARBOR, Mich. – TraQtion, a leading provider of cloud-based quality and compliance software, announces...
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — An application submitted by NSF Health Sciences Certification, LLC, a wholly-owned...
ANN ARBOR, Mich. – NSF International and the National Environmental Health Association (NEHA) are pleased...
QAI, Inc. Approved to Certify Organics for the Mexican Market to Mexico’s Organic Products Law (LPO)
5 SALUTATION January 5, 2012 Honorable Karen Weldin Stewart CIR-ML Insurance Commissioner State of Delaware 841 Silver Lake Boulevard Dover, Delaware Dear Commissioner Stewart: In compliance with the instructions contained in Certificate of Examination Authority Number , and pursuant to statutory provisions including 18 Del. C , a market conduct examination has been conducted of the affairs and practices of: The examination was performed as of December 31, Pacific Life Insurance Company, hereinafter referred to as the "Company", was incorporated under the laws of Nebraska. The examination was performed at the offices of the Delaware Department of Insurance, hereinafter referred to as the "Department" or "DDOI, or other suitable locations. The report of examination herein is respectfully submitted.
6 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY was established in 1868 and is organized under the laws of the State of Nebraska as a stock life insurance company. According to their 2010 annual statement filed with the Department, reported direct premium for ordinary life insurance in the amount of $2,237,383,375; and direct premium in Delaware of $29,898,918 in ordinary life insurance. The examination was announced as part of a series of examinations on companies in the Individual Life Insurance marketplace in Delaware. The companies were chosen based on Delaware s market share, market analysis and the company s complaint index. The purpose of the examination was to focus on the Company s compliance with past regulatory or litigation settlements related to the sales and marketing of life insurance, while additionally determining compliance with Delaware insurance laws and regulations. In general, the examination focused on the Company s life insurance business in the following areas of operation: Company Operations/Management; Complaint Handling, Marketing/Sales, Producer Licensing, Producer Oversight and Policyholder Service. One exception was noted to 18 Del. C for the Company s failure to appoint a producer to sell life insurance in Delaware.. No exceptions were noted in the other areas of operations reviewed. SCOPE OF EXAMINATION The Market Conduct Examination was conducted pursuant to the authority granted by 18 Del. C and covered the experience period of July 1, 2008, through December 31, 2010, unless otherwise noted. The purpose of the examination was to determine compliance by the Company with Delaware insurance laws and regulations related to the sales and marketing of life insurance. The examination was a target market conduct examination of the Company s life insurance business in the following areas of operation: Company Operations/Management; Complaint Handling, Marketing/Sales, Producer Licensing, Producer Oversight and Policyholder Service. METHODOLOGY This examination was performed in accordance with Market Regulation standards established by the Department and examination procedures suggested by the NAIC. 2
7 While the examiners report on the errors found in individual files, the general business practices of the Company were also a subject of the review. The Company was requested to identify the universe of files for each segment of the review. Based on the universe sizes identified, random sampling was utilized to select the files reviewed for this examination. Delaware Market Conduct Examination Reports generally note only those items to which the Department after review takes exception. An exception is any instance of Company activity that does not comply with an insurance statute or regulation. Exceptions contained in the Report may result in imposition of penalties. Generally practices, procedures, or files that were reviewed by Department examiners during the course of an examination may not be referred to in the Report if no improprieties were noted. However, the Examination Report may include management recommendations addressing areas of concern noted by the Department, but for which no statutory violation was identified. This enables Company management to review these areas of concern in order to determine the potential impact upon Company operations or future compliance. Throughout the course of the examination, Company officials were provided status memoranda, which referenced specific policy numbers with citation to each section of law violated. Additional information was requested to clarify apparent violations. An exit conference was conducted with Company officials to discuss the various types of exceptions identified during the examination and review written summaries provided on the exceptions found. COMPANY HISTORY AND PROFILE was established in 1868 and is organized under the laws of the State of Nebraska as a stock life insurance company. The Company is authorized to conduct business in the District of Columbia and all states with the exception of New York. The Company is an indirect subsidiary of Pacific Mutual Holding Company, a mutual insurance holding company, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pacific Life Corp, an intermediate stock holding company. transferred its legal domicile from the State of California to the State of Nebraska effective September 1, According to their 2010 annual statement filed with the Department, Pacific Life Insurance Company reported direct premium for ordinary life insurance in the amount of $2,237,383,375; and direct premium in Delaware of $29,898,918 in ordinary life insurance. COMPANY OPERATIONS AND MANAGEMENT A. Underwriting Guidelines 3
8 The Company was requested to provide all underwriting guidelines and manuals utilized during the experience period. The manuals were reviewed to ensure underwriting guidelines were in place and being followed in a uniform and consistent manner and no underwriting practices or procedures were in place that could be considered discriminatory in nature, or specifically prohibited by statute or regulation. The following Guidelines were reviewed: 1. Life Underwritings Guidelines labeled as OCEAN 2. Termination and Declination Procedures 3. Rescission Procedures. B. Internal Audit and Compliance Procedures The Company was requested to provide a narrative of their internal audit and compliance procedures and a listing of all internal audits conducted within the last five years. The narrative and list of internal audits were reviewed to ensure the Company established procedures for the evaluation of compliance with all statutes and regulations dealing with sales methods, advertising, and filing and approval requirements for life insurance and annuities. In addition, the procedures were reviewed to ensure the Company was including the following: (1) Periodic reviews of consumer complaints in order to determine patterns of improper practices. (2) Regular reporting to senior officers and the board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof with respect to any significant findings. (3) The establishment of lines of communication, control and responsibility over the dissemination of advertising and promotional materials, including illustrations and illustration explanations, with the requirement that such materials shall not be used without the approval by company employees whose compensation, other than generally applicable company bonus or incentive plans, is not directly linked to marketing or sales. INDIVIDUAL UNDERWRITING The Underwriting file review was conducted in five (5) general segments. A. Universal Life Policies Issued B. Variable Life Policies Issued 4
9 C. Term Life Policies Issued D. Life Policies Declined E. Life Policies Not-Taken Each segment was reviewed for compliance with the following Delaware laws and regulations pertaining to: sales and marketing, disclosures, illustrations, underwriting practices, forms approval and producer licensing and oversight. Issues relating to forms or producer licensing and oversight appear in those respective sections of the Report and are not duplicated in the Underwriting portion of the Report. 18 Del. C Conduct of examination; access to records; correction. 18 Del. C Producer License Requirements. 18 Del. C Producer Appointment Requirements 18 Del. C Unfair Insurance Practices. 18 Del. C Consent of insured; life, health insurance. 18 Del. C Alteration of application, life and health insurance. 18 Del. C. 2712, Filing, approval of forms. 18 Del. Admin. Code Company Producer Licensing Responsibility 18 Del. Admin. Code 1203 Life Insurance Solicitation 18 Del. Admin. Code Definitions-Policy Summary, Buyers Guide 18 Del. Admin. Code Disclosure Requirements 18 Del. Admin. Code General Rules of Disclosure 18 Del. Admin. Code Replacement of Life Insurance-Duties of Producers 18 Del. Admin. Code Replacement of Life Insurance- Duties of all Insurers 18 Del. Admin. Code Replacement of Life Insurance-Duties of Replacing Insurer 18 Del. Admin. Code Insurer Duties with Respect to Direct Response Sales 18 Del. Admin. Code Policies to be Illustrated 18 Del. Admin. Code Life Insurance Illustrations Rules and Prohibitions 18 Del. Admin. Code Standards for Basic Illustrations 18 Del. Admin. Code Standards for Supplemental Illustrations 18 Del. Admin. Code Delivery of Illustration and Record Retention 18 Del. Admin. Code Annual Report; Notice to Policy Owners 18 Del. Admin. Code Annual Illustration Certifications A. Universal Life Policies Issued The Company identified a universe of 50 life policies issued during the experience period. A random sample of 25 life policy files was requested, received and reviewed. The files were reviewed to determine compliance to issuance, underwriting, and replacement statutes and regulations. 5
10 B. Variable Life Policies Issued The Company identified a universe of 477 variable life policies issued during the experience period. A random sample of 50 files was requested, received and reviewed. The files were reviewed to determine compliance to issuance, underwriting, and replacement statutes and regulations. C. Term Life Policies Issued The Company identified a universe of 3 Term Life policies issued during the experience period. All 3 term life policies were requested, received and reviewed. The policy files were reviewed to determine compliance to issuance, underwriting, and replacement statutes and regulations. D. Life Policies Declined The Company identified a universe of 5 life policies declined during the experience period. All 5 declined policy files were requested, received and reviewed. The files were reviewed to ensure declinations were not the result of any discriminatory underwriting practice and the proper return of any unearned premium. E. Life Policies Not-Taken The Company identified a universe of 5 life policies not-taken during the experience period. All 5 not-taken files were requested, received and reviewed. The files were reviewed to ensure compliance with the 10-day premium refund provisions of the contract. 6
11 FORMS The Company was requested to provide a list and copies of all policy and/or member forms, conversion contracts, applications, riders, amendments and endorsements used during the experience period. The forms provided and forms reviewed in various underwriting sections of the exam were reviewed to ensure compliance with 18 Del. C. 2712, Filing, approval of forms. Additionally, any Variable Life Insurance forms were reviewed to ensure compliance with 18 Del. Admin. Code , Filing of Variable Life Insurance Policies. CONSUMER COMPLAINTS The Company was requested to identify all consumer complaints received during the experience period and provide copies of consumer complaint handling guidelines, reports and summaries. The Company reported no consumer complaints were received during the experience period. The consumer complaint handling guideline procedures, management reports and summaries were reviewed for compliance with 18 Del. C. 2304(17), Failure for maintenance of complaint handling procedures. ADVERTISING The Company was requested to provide a list of all Advertising and Marketing Material utilized during the experience period. The Company provided a list of 4,509 pieces of advertising utilized in the state of Delaware. The advertising consisted of: Direct Mailers, Brochures, Presentations, Flyers, Booklets, Bulletins, Seminar Invitations, Product Guides, and screenshots of documentation associated with the Company s web page and internal Company intranet portal. A sample of 75 pieces of advertising was requested, received and reviewed. The 75 advertising materials and the Company s web site were reviewed to ascertain compliance with 18 Del. C. 2303, Unfair Methods of Competition and Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices. PRODUCER LICENSING & OVERSIGHT The Company was requested to provide a list of all producers active and terminated during the experience period in addition to the Company s oversight policies and procedures regarding the following activities: Appointment Procedures Product Training & Compliance 7
12 Allegations of Misconduct Reports Producer Terminations Monitoring Producer Replacement Activity The policies and procedures were received and reviewed. The Company provided a list of 903 active producers and 308 producers terminated during the experience period. A random sample of 50 active producers and 25 terminated producers were compared to departmental records of producers to verify appointment, terminations and licensing. In addition, a comparison was made on the producers identified on applications reviewed in the policy issued sections of the exam. The following exception was noted: 1 Exception- 18 Del. C Appointments. (a) An insurance producer shall not act as an agent of an insurer unless the insurance producer becomes an appointed agent of that insurer. An insurance producer who is not acting as an agent of an insurer is not required to become appointed. (b) To appoint a producer as its agent, the appointing insurer shall file, in a format approved by the Insurance Commissioner, a notice of appointment within 15 days from the date the agency contract is executed or the first insurance application is submitted. An insurer may also elect to appoint a producer to all or some insurers within the insurer's holding company system or group by the filing of a single appointment request. The group appointment provision of this section is only applicable upon implementation by this Department of an electronic appointment process. (c) Upon receipt of the notice of appointment, the Insurance Commissioner shall verify within a reasonable time not to exceed 30 days that the insurance producer is eligible for appointment. If the insurance producer is determined to be ineligible for appointment, the Insurance Commissioner shall notify the insurer within 5 days of its determination. (d) An insurer shall pay an appointment fee, in the amount and method of payment set forth in Chapter 7 of this title, for each insurance producer appointed by the insurer. A producer listed on an application for a life insurance policy reviewed in the Universal Life Policies Issued section of the exam was not appointed as a producer in Delaware. Recommendation: It is recommended that the Company review its producer appointment procedures to ensure compliance with the requirements of 18 Del. C Appointments. CONCLUSION The recommendation made below identifies corrective measures the Department finds necessary as a result of the Exceptions and Concerns noted in the Report. Location in the 8
13 Report is referenced in parenthesis. 1. It is recommended that the Company review its producer appointment procedures to ensure compliance with the requirements of 18 Del. C Appointments. (Producer Licensing & Oversight) The examination conducted by Daniel Stemcosky, Brian Tinsley, Sean Connolly, Stephen Misenheimer and Heather Harley is respectfully submitted. Brian Tinsley, AIE, MCM Examiner-in-Charge Market Conduct Delaware Department of Insurance 9
MARKET CONDUCT EXAMINATION REPORT ON GENWORTH LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY As of June 15, 2007 I, Karen Weldin Stewart, CIR-ML, Insurance Commissioner of the State of Delaware, do hereby certify that the attached
MARKET CONDUCT EXAMINATION REPORT PROMPT PAY COVENTRY HEALTH AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. as of. June 30, 2006
MARKET CONDUCT EXAMINATION REPORT PROMPT PAY of COVENTRY HEALTH AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY as of June 30, 2006 I, Matthew Denn, Insurance Commissioner of the State of Delaware, do hereby certify that the
MARKET CONDUCT REPORT ON EXAMINATION. American International Insurance. Company of Delaware AS OF. March 30, 2007
MEGA Life and Health Insurance Company Office of the President 9151 Grapevine Highway North Richland Hills, Texas 76180
California Senate Bill 620 Impacts agents selling in the state of California only. This information, as it relates to products offered by Security Benefit Life Insurance Company, is being provided to you
INSURANCE 46 NJR 5(2) May 19, 2014 Filed April 16, 2014 DEPARTMENT OF BANKING AND INSURANCE DIVISION OF INSURANCE Office of the Insurance Claims Ombudsman Proposed Readoption with Amendments: N.J.A.C.
A TARGETED MARKET CONDUCT EXAMINATION OF NATIONAL WESTERN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY NAIC #66850 As Of December 31, 2009 John R. Kasich, Governor Mary Taylor, Lt. Governor/ Director 50 West Town Street Third
Article 54. Medicare Supplement Insurance Minimum Standards. 58-54-1. Definitions. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the following words, as used in this Article, have the following meanings:
CHAPTER 88. AN ACT concerning certain annuity products, and supplementing chapter 25 of Title 17B of the New Jersey Statutes.
CHAPTER 88 AN ACT concerning certain annuity products, and supplementing chapter 25 of Title 17B of the New Jersey Statutes. BE IT ENACTED by the Senate and General Assembly of the State of New Jersey:
Market Conduct Examination American General Life Insurance Company Houston, Texas STATE OF NEW JERSEY DEPARTMENT OF BANKING AND INSURANCE Office of Consumer Protection Services Market Conduct Examination
REPORT ON TARGET MARKET CONDUCT EXAMINATION OF BANKERS LIFE AND CASUALTY INSURANCE COMPANY AS OF MARCH 31, 2011 Conducted from July 20, 2011 through June 19, 2012 By Market Conduct Section 1 Life and Health
INSURANCE I am a member of the American Academy of Actuaries (or if not, state other qualifications to sign annual statement actuarial opinions). I have examined the interest-indexed universal life insurance
California Annuity Training Appendix I. Annuity Legislative History Understanding of the following annuity legislation is significant. It provides the evolutionary changes for each law throughout the years.
CHAPTER 207. C.17B:27E-3 Short title. 3. This act shall be known and may be cited as the "New Jersey Long-Term Care Insurance Act.
CHAPTER 207 AN ACT concerning the regulation of long-term care insurance. BE IT ENACTED by the Senate and General Assembly of the State of New Jersey: C.17B:27E-1 Purpose of act on long-term care insurance.
Attachment I Page 14 Understanding of the following annuity legislation is significant. It provides the evolutionary changes for each law throughout the years. It is important to know what impact the following
MODEL VARIABLE ANNUITY REGULATION. Qualifications of Insurance Companies to Issue Variable Annuities
Licensing Division Insurance Producer Licensing in Minnesota September 5, 2012 Introduction Minnesota issues half a million occupational and business licenses each year for approximately 900 license types
2 This appendix provides an overview of the two most widely used protocol architectures. L.1 PROTOCOLS AND PROTOCOL ARCHITECTURES When computers, terminals, and/or other data processing devices exchange data, the procedures involved can be quite complex. Consider, for example, the transfer of a file between two computers. There must be a data path between the two computers, either directly or via a communication network. But more is needed. Typical tasks to be performed include the following: 1. The source system must either activate the direct data communication path or inform the communication network of the identity of the desired destination system. 2. The source system must ascertain that the destination system is prepared to receive data. 3. The file transfer application on the source system must ascertain that the file management program on the destination system is prepared to accept and store the file for this particular user. 4. If the file formats or data representations used on the two systems are incompatible, one or the other system must perform a format translation function. The exchange of information between computers for the purpose of cooperative action is generally referred to as computer communications. Similarly, when two or more computers are interconnected via a communication network, the set of computer stations is referred to as a computer network. Because a similar level of cooperation is required between a terminal and a computer, these terms are often used when some of the communicating entities are terminals. In discussing computer communications and computer networks, two concepts are paramount: Protocols Computer communications architecture, or protocol architecture L-2
3 A protocol is used for communication between entities in different systems. The terms entity and system are used in a very general sense. Examples of entities are user application programs, file transfer packages, database management systems, electronic mail facilities, and terminals. Examples of systems are computers, terminals, and remote sensors. Note that in some cases the entity and the system in which it resides are coextensive (e.g., terminals). In general, an entity is anything capable of sending or receiving information, and a system is a physically distinct object that contains one or more entities. For two entities to communicate successfully, they must "speak the same language." What is communicated, how it is communicated, and when it is communicated must conform to mutually agreed conventions between the entities involved. The conventions are referred to as a protocol, which may be defined as a set of rules governing the exchange of data between two entities. The key elements of a protocol are as follows: Syntax: Includes such things as data format and signal levels Semantics: Includes control information for coordination and error handling Timing: Includes speed matching and sequencing Having introduced the concept of a protocol, we can now introduce the concept of a protocol architecture. It is clear that there must be a high degree of cooperation between the two computer systems. Instead of implementing the logic for this as a single module, the task is broken up into subtasks, each of which is implemented separately. As an example, Figure L.1 suggests the way in which a file transfer facility could be implemented. Three modules are used. Tasks 3 and 4 in the preceding list could be performed by a file transfer module. The two modules on the two systems exchange files and commands. However, rather than requiring the file transfer module to deal with the details of actually transferring data and commands, the file transfer modules each rely on a communications service module. This module is responsible for making sure that the file transfer commands and data are reliably exchanged between systems. The manner in which a communications service module functions is explored subsequently. Among other things, this module would perform task 2. Finally, the nature of the exchange between the two communications service modules is independent of the nature of the network L-3
4 that interconnects them. Therefore, rather than building details of the network interface into the communications service module, it makes sense to have a third module, a network access module, that performs task 1 by interacting with the network. To summarize, the file transfer module contains all the logic that is unique to the file transfer application, such as transmitting passwords, file commands, and file records. These files and commands must be transmitted reliably. However, the same sorts of reliability requirements are relevant to a variety of applications (e.g., electronic mail, document transfer). Therefore, these requirements are met by a separate communications service module that can be used by a variety of applications. The communications service module is concerned with assuring that the two computer systems are active and ready for data transfer and for keeping track of the data that are being exchanged to assure delivery. However, these tasks are independent of the type of network that is being used. Therefore, the logic for actually dealing with the network is put into a separate network access module. If the network to be used is changed, only the network access module is affected. Thus, instead of a single module for performing communications, there is a structured set of modules that implements the communications function. That structure is referred to as a protocol architecture. An analogy might be useful at this point. Suppose an executive in office X wishes to send a document to an executive in office Y. The executive in X prepares the document and perhaps attaches a note. This corresponds to the actions of the file transfer application in Figure L.1. Then the executive in X hands the document to a secretary or administrative assistant (AA). The AA in X puts the document in an envelope and puts Y's address and X's return address on the outside. Perhaps the envelope is also marked "confidential." The AA's actions correspond to the communications service module in Figure L.1. The AA in X then gives the package to the shipping department. Someone in the shipping department decides how to send the package: mail, UPS, or express courier. The shipping department attaches the appropriate postage or shipping documents to the package and ships it out. The shipping department corresponds to the network access module of Figure L.1. When the package arrives at Y, a similar layered set of actions occurs. The shipping department at Y receives the package and delivers it to the appropriate AA or secretary based on the name on the package. The AA opens the package and hands the enclosed document to the executive to whom it is addressed. L-4
5 L.2 THE TCP/IP PROTOCOL ARCHITECTURE TCP/IP is a result of protocol research and development conducted on the experimental packetswitched network, ARPANET, funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), and is generally referred to as the TCP/IP protocol suite. This protocol suite consists of a large collection of protocols that have been issued as Internet standards by the Internet Activities Board (IAB). A document at this book's Web site provides a discussion of Internet standards. TCP/IP Layers In general terms, communications can be said to involve three agents: applications, computers, and networks. Examples of applications include file transfer and electronic mail. The applications that we are concerned with here are distributed applications that involve the exchange of data between two computer systems. These applications, and others, execute on computers that can often support multiple simultaneous applications. Computers are connected to networks, and the data to be exchanged are transferred by the network from one computer to another. Thus, the transfer of data from one application to another involves first getting the data to the computer in which the application resides and then getting the data to the intended application within the computer. There is no official TCP/IP protocol model. However, based on the protocol standards that have been developed, we can organize the communication task for TCP/IP into five relatively independent layers, from bottom to top: Physical layer Network access layer Internet layer Host-to-host, or transport layer Application layer L-5
6 The physical layer covers the physical interface between a data transmission device (e.g., workstation, computer) and a transmission medium or network. This layer is concerned with specifying the characteristics of the transmission medium, the nature of the signals, the data rate, and related matters. The network access layer is concerned with the exchange of data between an end system (server, workstation, etc.) and the network to which it is attached. The sending computer must provide the network with the address of the destination computer, so that the network may route the data to the appropriate destination. The sending computer may wish to invoke certain services, such as priority, that might be provided by the network. The specific software used at this layer depends on the type of network to be used; different standards have been developed for circuit switching, packet switching (e.g., frame relay), LANs (e.g., Ethernet), and others. Thus it makes sense to separate those functions having to do with network access into a separate layer. By doing this, the remainder of the communications software, above the network access layer, need not be concerned about the specifics of the network to be used. The same higher-layer software should function properly regardless of the particular network to which the computer is attached. The network access layer is concerned with access to and routing data across a network for two end systems attached to the same network. In those cases where two devices are attached to different networks, procedures are needed to allow data to traverse multiple interconnected networks. This is the function of the internet layer. The Internet Protocol (IP) is used at this layer to provide the routing function across multiple networks. This protocol is implemented not only in the end systems but also in routers. A router is a processor that connects two networks and whose primary function is to relay data from one network to the other on a route from the source to the destination end system. Regardless of the nature of the applications that are exchanging data, there is usually a requirement that data be exchanged reliably. That is, we would like to be assured that all the data arrive at the destination application and that the data arrive in the same order in which they were sent. As we shall see, the mechanisms for providing reliability are essentially independent of the nature of the applications. Thus, it makes sense to collect those mechanisms in a common layer shared by all applications; this is referred to as the host-to-host layer, or transport layer. The L-6
7 Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is the most commonly used protocol to provide this functionality. Finally, the application layer contains the logic needed to support the various user applications. For each different type of application, such as file transfer, a separate module is needed that is peculiar to that application. TCP and UDP For most applications running as part of the TCP/IP protocol architecture, the transport layer protocol is TCP. TCP provides a reliable connection for the transfer of data between applications. A connection is simply a temporary logical association between two entities in different systems. For the duration of the connection each entity keeps track of segments coming and going to the other entity, in order to regulate the flow of segments and to recover from lost or damaged segments. Figure L.2a shows the header format for TCP, which is a minimum of 20 octets, or 160 bits. The Source Port and Destination Port fields identify the applications at the source and destination systems that are using this connection. The Sequence Number, Acknowledgment Number, and Window fields provide flow control and error control. The checksum is a 16-bit code based on the contents of the segment used to detect errors in the TCP segment. In addition to TCP, there is one other transport-level protocol that is in common use as part of the TCP/IP protocol suite: the User Datagram Protocol (UDP). UDP does not guarantee delivery, preservation of sequence, or protection against duplication. UDP enables a process to send messages to other processes with a minimum of protocol mechanism. Some transactionoriented applications make use of UDP; one example is SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol), the standard network management protocol for TCP/IP networks. Because it is connectionless, UDP has very little to do. Essentially, it adds a port addressing capability to IP. This is best seen by examining the UDP header, shown in Figure L.2b. Operation of TCP/IP Figure L.3 indicates how these protocols are configured for communications. Some sort of network access protocol, such as the Ethernet logic, is used to connect a computer to a network. This protocol enables the host to send data across the network to another host or, in the case of a L-7
8 host on another network, to a router. IP is implemented in all end systems and routers. It acts as a relay to move a block of data from one host, through one or more routers, to another host. TCP is implemented only in the end systems; it keeps track of the blocks of data being transferred to assure that all are delivered reliably to the appropriate application. For successful communication, every entity in the overall system must have a unique address. In fact, two levels of addressing are needed. Each host on a network must have a unique global internet address; this allows the data to be delivered to the proper host. This address is used by IP for routing and delivery. Each application within a host must have an address that is unique within the host; this allows the host-to-host protocol (TCP) to deliver data to the proper process. These latter addresses are known as ports. Let us trace a simple operation. Suppose that a process, associated with port 3 at host A, wishes to send a message to another process, associated with port 2 at host B. The process at A hands the message down to TCP with instructions to send it to host B, port 2. TCP hands the message down to IP with instructions to send it to host B. Note that IP need not be told the identity of the destination port. All it needs to know is that the data are intended for host B. Next, IP hands the message down to the network access layer (e.g., Ethernet logic) with instructions to send it to router J (the first hop on the way to B). To control this operation, control information as well as user data must be transmitted, as suggested in Figure L.4. Let us say that the sending process generates a block of data and passes this to TCP. TCP may break this block into smaller pieces to make it more manageable. To each of these pieces, TCP appends control information known as the TCP header (Figure L.2a), forming a TCP segment. The control information is to be used by the peer TCP protocol entity at host B. Examples of items in this header include Destination port: When the TCP entity at B receives the segment, it must know to whom the data are to be delivered. Sequence number: TCP numbers the segments that it sends to a particular destination port sequentially, so that if they arrive out of order, the TCP entity at B can reorder them. L-8
9 Checksum: The sending TCP includes a code that is a function of the contents of the remainder of the segment. The receiving TCP performs the same calculation and compares the result with the incoming code. A discrepancy results if there has been some error in transmission. Next, TCP hands each segment over to IP, with instructions to transmit it to B. These segments must be transmitted across one or more networks and relayed through one or more intermediate routers. This operation, too, requires the use of control information. Thus IP appends a header of control information (Figure L.5) to each segment to form an IP datagram. An example of an item stored in the IP header is the destination host address (in this example, B). Finally, each IP datagram is presented to the network access layer for transmission across the first network in its journey to the destination. The network access layer appends its own header, creating a packet, or frame. The packet is transmitted across the network to router J. The packet header contains the information that the network needs in order to transfer the data across the network. Examples of items that may be contained in this header include: Destination network address: The network must know to which attached device the packet is to be delivered, in this case router J. Facilities requests: The network access protocol might request the use of certain network facilities, such as priority. At router J, the packet header is stripped off and the IP header examined. On the basis of the destination address information in the IP header, the IP module in the router directs the datagram out across network 2 to B. To do this, the datagram is again augmented with a network access header. L-9
10 When the data are received at B, the reverse process occurs. At each layer, the corresponding header is removed, and the remainder is passed on to the next higher layer, until the original user data are delivered to the destination process. TCP/IP Applications A number of applications have been standardized to operate on top of TCP. We mention three of the most common here. The Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) provides a basic electronic mail facility. It provides a mechanism for transferring messages among separate hosts. Features of SMTP include mailing lists, return receipts, and forwarding. The SMTP protocol does not specify the way in which messages are to be created; some local editing or native electronic mail facility is required. Once a message is created, SMTP accepts the message and makes use of TCP to send it to an SMTP module on another host. The target SMTP module will make use of a local electronic mail package to store the incoming message in a user's mailbox. The File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is used to send files from one system to another under user command. Both text and binary files are accommodated, and the protocol provides features for controlling user access. When a user wishes to engage in file transfer, FTP sets up a TCP connection to the target system for the exchange of control messages. This connection allows user ID and password to be transmitted and allows the user to specify the file and file actions desired. Once a file transfer is approved, a second TCP connection is set up for the data transfer. The file is transferred over the data connection, without the overhead of any headers or control information at the application level. When the transfer is complete, the control connection is used to signal the completion and to accept new file transfer commands. TELNET provides a remote logon capability, which enables a user at a terminal or personal computer to logon to a remote computer and function as if directly connected to that computer. The protocol was designed to work with simple scroll-mode terminals. TELNET is actually implemented in two modules: User TELNET interacts with the terminal I/O module to communicate with a local terminal. It converts the characteristics of real terminals to the network standard and vice versa. Server TELNET interacts with an application, acting as a surrogate terminal handler so that remote terminals appear as local to the application. Terminal traffic between User and Server TELNET is carried on a TCP connection. L-10
11 L.3 THE ROLE OF AN INTERNET PROTOCOL An internet protocol (IP) provides the functionality for interconnecting end systems across multiple networks. For this purpose, IP is implemented in each end system and in routers, which are devices that provide connection between networks. Higher-level data at a source end system are encapsulated in an IP protocol data unit (PDU) for transmission. This PDU is then passed through one or more networks and connecting routers to reach the destination end system. The router must be able to cope with a variety of differences among networks, including: Addressing schemes: The networks may use different schemes for assigning addresses to devices. For example, an IEEE 802 LAN uses either 16-bit or 48-bit binary addresses for each attached device; an X.25 public packet-switching network uses 12-digit decimal addresses (encoded as 4 bits per digit for a 48-bit address). Some form of global network addressing must be provided, as well as a directory service. Maximum packet sizes: Packets from one network may have to be broken into smaller pieces to be transmitted on another network, a process known as fragmentation. For example, Ethernet imposes a maximum packet size of 1500 bytes; a maximum packet size of 1000 bytes is common on X.25 networks. A packet that is transmitted on an Ethernet system and picked up by a router for retransmission on an X.25 network may have to fragment the incoming packet into two smaller ones. Interfaces: The hardware and software interfaces to various networks differ. The concept of a router must be independent of these differences. Reliability: Various network services may provide anything from a reliable end-to-end virtual circuit to an unreliable service. The operation of the routers should not depend on an assumption of network reliability. L-11
12 The operation of the router, as Figure L.6 indicates, depends on an internet protocol. In this example, the Internet Protocol (IP) of the TCP/IP protocol suite performs that function. IP must be implemented in all end systems on all networks as well as on the routers. In addition, each end system must have compatible protocols above IP to communicate successfully. The intermediate routers need only have up through IP. Consider the transfer of a block of data from end system X to end system Y in Figure L.6. The IP layer at X receives blocks of data to be sent to Y from TCP in X. The IP layer attaches a header that specifies the global internet address of Y. That address is in two parts: network identifier and end system identifier. Let us refer to this block as the IP packet. Next, IP recognizes that the destination (Y) is on another subnetwork. So the first step is to send the packet to a router, in this case router 1. To accomplish this, IP hands its data unit down to LLC with the appropriate addressing information. LLC creates an LLC PDU, which is handed down to the MAC layer. The MAC layer constructs a MAC packet whose header contains the address of router 1. Next, the packet travels through LAN to router 1. The router removes the packet and LLC headers and trailers and analyzes the IP header to determine the ultimate destination of the data, in this case Y. The router must now make a routing decision. There are two possibilities: 1. The destination end system Y is connected directly to one of the subnetworks to which the router is attached. 2. To reach the destination, one or more additional routers must be traversed. In this example, the packet must be routed through router 2 before reaching the destination. So router 1 passes the IP packet to router 2 via the intermediate network. For this purpose, the protocols of that network are used. For example, if the intermediate network is an X.25 network, the IP data unit is wrapped in an X.25 packet with appropriate addressing information to reach router 2. When this packet arrives at router 2, the packet header is stripped off. The router determines that this IP packet is destined for Y, which is connected directly to a subnetwork to which the router is attached. The router therefore creates a packet with a destination address of Y L-12
13 and sends it out onto the LAN. The data finally arrive at Y, where the packet, LLC, and internet headers and trailers can be stripped off. This service offered by IP is an unreliable one. That is, IP does not guarantee that all data will be delivered or that the data that are delivered will arrive in the proper order. It is the responsibility of the next higher layer, in this case TCP, to recover from any errors that occur. This approach provides for a great deal of flexibility. Because delivery is not guaranteed, there is no particular reliability requirement on any of the subnetworks. Thus, the protocol will work with any combination of subnetwork types. Because the sequence of delivery is not guaranteed, successive packets can follow different paths through the internet. This allows the protocol to react to congestion and failure in the internet by changing routes. L.4 IPv4 For decades, the keystone of the TCP/IP protocol architecture has been the Internet Protocol (IP) version 4. Figure L.5a shows the IP header format, which is a minimum of 20 octets, or 160 bits. The fields are: Version (4 bits): Indicates version number, to allow evolution of the protocol; the value is 4. Internet Header Length (IHL) (4 bits): Length of header in 32-bit words. The minimum value is five, for a minimum header length of 20 octets. DS/ECN (8 bits): Prior to the introduction of differentiated services, this field was referred to as the Type of Service field and specified reliability, precedence, delay, and throughput parameters. This interpretation has now been superseded. The first 6 bits of the TOS field are now referred to as the DS (Differentiated Services) field. The remaining 2 bits are reserved for an ECN (Explicit Congestion Notification) field. Total Length (16 bits): Total IP packet length, in octets. L-13
14 Identification (16 bits): A sequence number that, together with the source address, destination address, and user protocol, is intended to identify a packet uniquely. Thus, this number should be unique for the packet's source address, destination address, and user protocol for the time during which the packet will remain in the internet. Flags (3 bits): Only two of the bits are currently defined. When a packet is fragmented, the More bit indicates whether this is the last fragment in the original packet. The Don't Fragment bit prohibits fragmentation when set. This bit may be useful if it is known that the destination does not have the capability to reassemble fragments. However, if this bit is set, the packet will be discarded if it exceeds the maximum size of an en route subnetwork. Therefore, if the bit is set, it may be advisable to use source routing to avoid subnetworks with small maximum packet size. Fragment Offset (13 bits): Indicates where in the original packet this fragment belongs, measured in 64-bit units. This implies that fragments other than the last fragment must contain a data field that is a multiple of 64 bits in length. Time to Live (8 bits): Specifies how long, in seconds, a packet is allowed to remain in the internet. Every router that processes a packet must decrease the TTL by at least one, so the TTL is somewhat similar to a hop count. Protocol (8 bits): Indicates the next higher level protocol, which is to receive the data field at the destination; thus, this field identifies the type of the next header in the packet after the IP header. Header Checksum (16 bits): An error-detecting code applied to the header only. Because some header fields may change during transit (e.g., time to live, segmentation-related fields), this is reverified and recomputed at each router. The checksum field is the 16-bit L-14
15 one's complement addition of all 16-bit words in the header. For purposes of computation, the checksum field is itself initialized to a value of zero. Source Address (32 bits): Coded to allow a variable allocation of bits to specify the network and the end system attached to the specified network (7 and 24 bits, 14 and 16 bits, or 21 and 8 bits). Destination Address (32 bits): Same characteristics as source address. Options (variable): Encodes the options requested by the sending user; these may include security label, source routing, record routing, and timestamping. Padding (variable): Used to ensure that the packet header is a multiple of 32 bits in length. L.5 IPv6 In 1995, the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), which develops protocol standards for the Internet, issued a specification for a next-generation IP, known then as IPng. This specification was turned into a standard in 1996 known as IPv6. IPv6 provides a number of functional enhancements over the existing IP (known as IPv4), designed to accommodate the higher speeds of today's networks and the mix of data streams, including graphic and video, that are becoming more prevalent. But the driving force behind the development of the new protocol was the need for more addresses. IPv4 uses a 32-bit address to specify a source or destination. With the explosive growth of the Internet and of private networks attached to the Internet, this address length became insufficient to accommodate all systems needing addresses. As Figure L.5b shows, IPv6 includes 128-bit source and destination address fields. Ultimately, all installations using TCP/IP are expected to migrate from the current IP to IPv6, but this process will take many years, if not decades. IPv6 Header The IPv6 header has a fixed length of 40 octets, consisting of the following fields (Figure L.5b): L-15
16 Version (4 bits): Internet Protocol version number; the value is 6. DS/ECN (8 bits): Prior to the introduction of differentiated services, this field was referred to as the Traffic Class field and was reserved for use by originating nodes and/or forwarding routers to identify and distinguish between different classes or priorities of IPv6 packets. The first six bits of the Traffic Class field are now referred to as the DS (Differentiated Services) field. The remaining 2 bits are reserved for an ECN (Explicit Congestion Notification) field. Flow Label (20 bits): May be used by a host to label those packets for which it is requesting special handling by routers within a network. Flow labeling may assist resource reservation and real-time traffic processing. Payload Length (16 bits): Length of the remainder of the IPv6 packet following the header, in octets. In other words, this is the total length of all of the extension headers plus the transport-level PDU. Next Header (8 bits): Identifies the type of header immediately following the IPv6 header; this will either be an IPv6 extension header or a higher-layer header, such as TCP or UDP. Hop Limit (8 bits): The remaining number of allowable hops for this packet. The hop limit is set to some desired maximum value by the source and decremented by 1 by each node that forwards the packet. The packet is discarded if Hop Limit is decremented to zero. Source Address (128 bits): The address of the originator of the packet. Destination Address (128 bits): The address of the intended recipient of the packet. This may not in fact be the intended ultimate destination if a Routing extension header is present, as explained later. L-16
18 8. Destination Options header: For options to be processed only by the final destination of the packet Figure L.7 shows an example of an IPv6 packet that includes an instance of each nonsecurity header. Note that the IPv6 header and each extension header include a Next Header field. This field identifies the type of the immediately following header. If the next header is an extension header, then this field contains the type identifier of that header. Otherwise, this field contains the protocol identifier of the upper-layer protocol using IPv6 (typically a transport-level protocol), using the same values as the IPv4 Protocol field. In the figure, the upper-layer protocol is TCP, so the upper-layer data carried by the IPv6 packet consist of a TCP header followed by a block of application data. The Hop-by-Hop Options header carries optional information that, if present, must be examined by every router along the path. The header consists of the following fields: Next Header (8 bits): Identifies the type of header immediately following this header. Header Extension Length (8 bits): Length of this header in 64-bit units, not including the first 64 bits. Options: Contains one or more options. Each option consists of three subfields: a tag, indicating the option type; a length, and a value. Only one option has so far been defined: the Jumbo Payload option, used to send IPv6 packets with payloads longer than = 65,535 octets. The Option Data field of this option is 32 bits long and gives the length of the packet in octets, excluding the IPv6 header. For such packets, the Payload Length field in the IPv6 header must be set to zero, and there must be no Fragment header. With this option, IPv6 supports packet sizes up to more than 4 billion octets. This facilitates the transmission of large video packets and enables IPv6 to make the best use of available capacity over any transmission medium. The Routing header contains a list of one or more intermediate nodes to be visited on the way to a packet's destination. All routing headers start with a 32-bit block consisting of four 8-bit L-18
19 fields, followed by routing data specific to a given routing type. The four 8-bit fields are Next Header, Header Extension Length, and Routing Type: Identifies a particular Routing header variant. If a router does not recognize the Routing Type value, it must discard the packet. Segments Left: Number of explicitly listed intermediate nodes still to be visited before reaching the final destination. In addition to this general header definition, the IPv6 specification defines the Type 0 Routing header. When using the Type 0 Routing header, the source node does not place the ultimate destination address in the IPv6 header. Instead, that address is the last address listed in the Routing header, and the IPv6 header contains the destination address of the first desired router on the path. The Routing header will not be examined until the packet reaches the node identified in the IPv6 header. At that point, the IPv6 and Routing header contents are updated and the packet is forwarded. The update consists of placing the next address to be visited in the IPv6 header and decrementing the Segments Left field in the Routing header. IPv6 requires an IPv6 node to reverse routes in a packet it receives containing a Routing header, to return a packet to the sender. The Fragment header is used by a source when fragmentation is required. In IPv6, fragmentation may only be performed by source nodes, not by routers along a packet's delivery path. To take full advantage of the internetworking environment, a node must perform a path discovery algorithm that enables it to learn the smallest maximum transmission unit (MTU) supported by any subnetwork on the path. In other words, the path discovery algorithm enables a node to learn the MTU of the "bottleneck" subnetwork on the path. With this knowledge, the source node will fragment, as required, for each given destination address. Otherwise the source must limit all packets to 1280 octets, which is the minimum MTU that must be supported by each subnetwork. In addition to the Next Header field, the fragment header includes the following fields: L-19
20 Fragment Offset (13 bits): Indicates where in the original packet the payload of this fragment belongs. It is measured in 64-bit units. This implies that fragments (other than the last fragment) must contain a data field that is a multiple of 64 bits long. Res (2 bits): Reserved for future use. M Flag (1 bit): 1 = more fragments; 0 = last fragment. Identification (32 bits): Intended to identify uniquely the original packet. The identifier must be unique for the packet's source address and destination address for the time during which the packet will remain in the internet. All fragments with the same identifier, source address, and destination address are reassembled to form the original packet. The Destination Options header carries optional information that, if present, is examined only by the packet's destination node. The format of this header is the same as that of the Hop-by-Hop Options header. L.6 THE OSI PROTOCOL ARCHITECTURE The Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) reference model was developed by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 1 as a model for a computer protocol architecture and as a framework for developing protocol standards. The OSI model consists of seven layers: Application Presentation Session Transport 1 ISO is not an acronym (in which case it would be IOS), but a word, derived from the Greek isos, meaning equal. L-20
21 Network Data link Physical Figure L.8 illustrates the OSI model and provides a brief definition of the functions performed at each layer. The intent of the OSI model is that protocols be developed to perform the functions of each layer. The designers of OSI assumed that this model and the protocols developed within this model would come to dominate computer communications, eventually replacing proprietary protocol implementations and rival multivendor models such as TCP/IP. This has not happened. Although many useful protocols have been developed in the context of OSI, the overall sevenlayer model has not flourished. Instead, the TCP/IP architecture has come to dominate. There are a number of reasons for this outcome. Perhaps the most important is that the key TCP/IP protocols were mature and well tested at a time when similar OSI protocols were in the development stage. When businesses began to recognize the need for interoperability across networks, only TCP/IP was available and ready to go. Another reason is that the OSI model is unnecessarily complex, with seven layers to accomplish what TCP/IP does with fewer layers. Figure L.9 illustrates the layers of the TCP/IP and OSI architectures, showing roughly the correspondence in functionality between the two. L-21
PART OF THE PICTURE: The / Communications Architecture 1 PART OF THE PICTURE: The / Communications Architecture BY WILLIAM STALLINGS The key to the success of distributed applications is that all the terminals
SFWR 4C03: Computer Networks and Computer Security January 5-8 2004 Lecturer: Kartik Krishnan Lectures 1-3 Communications and Computer Networks The fundamental purpose of a communication system is the
Chapter 9 IP Secure 1 Network architecture is usually explained as a stack of different layers. Figure 1 explains the OSI (Open System Interconnect) model stack and IP (Internet Protocol) model stack.
Protocols and Architecture Protocol Architecture. Layered structure of hardware and software to support exchange of data between systems/distributed applications Set of rules for transmission of data between
APPENDIX A Introduction Understanding TCP/IP To fully understand the architecture of Cisco Centri Firewall, you need to understand the TCP/IP architecture on which the Internet is based. This appendix
Chapter 2: Communicating over the 51 Protocol Units and Encapsulation For application data to travel uncorrupted from one host to another, header (or control data), which contains control and addressing
IPv6 Fundamentals Chapter 1: Introduction ti to IPv6 Copyright Cisco Academy Yannis Xydas The Network Today The Internet of today is much different that it was 30, 15 or 5 years ago. 2 Technology Tomorrow
1 Network Reference Models - OSI Reference Model - A computer network connects two or more devices together to share information and services. Multiple networks connected together form an internetwork.
Internet Architecture and Philosophy Conceptually, TCP/IP provides three sets of services to the user: Application Services Reliable Transport Service Connectionless Packet Delivery Service The underlying
IP v 1-3: defined and replaced Introduction to IP v6 IP v4 - current version; 20 years old IP v5 - streams protocol IP v6 - replacement for IP v4 During developments it was called IPng - Next Generation
Computer Network. Interconnected collection of autonomous computers that are able to exchange information
Introduction Computer Network. Interconnected collection of autonomous computers that are able to exchange information No master/slave relationship between the computers in the network Data Communications.
Module 6 Internetworking Lesson 2 Internet Protocol (IP) Specific Instructional Objectives At the end of this lesson, the students will be able to: Explain the relationship between TCP/IP and OSI model
Ethernet Babak Kia Adjunct Professor Boston University College of Engineering ENG SC757 - Advanced Microprocessor Design Ethernet Ethernet is a term used to refer to a diverse set of frame based networking
Lecture 15 IP Address Each host and router on the Internet has an IP address, which consist of a combination of network number and host number. The combination is unique; no two machines have the same
Guide to TCP/IP, Third Edition Chapter 3: Data Link and Network Layer TCP/IP Protocols Objectives Understand the role that data link protocols, such as SLIP and PPP, play for TCP/IP Distinguish among various
Protocols Precise rules that govern communication between two parties TCP/IP: the basic Internet protocols IP: Internet Protocol (bottom level) all packets shipped from network to network as IP packets
Overview of TCP/IP System Administrators and network administrators Why networking - communication Why TCP/IP Provides interoperable communications between all types of hardware and all kinds of operating
Gary Hecht Computer Networking (IP Addressing, Subnet Masks, and Packets) The diagram below illustrates four routers on the Internet backbone along with two companies that have gateways for their internal
The OSI Model and the TCP/IP Protocol Suite - the OSI model was never fully implemented. - The TCP/IP protocol suite became the dominant commercial architecture because it was used and tested extensively
The OSI Model and the TCP/IP Protocol Suite Pritee Parwekar ANITS 1 To study To discuss the idea of multiple layering in data communication and networking and the interrelationship between layers. To discuss
Protocol Architecture ed Protocol Architectures OSI Reference Model TCP/IP Protocol Stack Need for Protocols The task of exchanging information between devices requires a high degree of cooperation between
EITF25 Internet Techniques and Applications L5: Wide Area Networks (WAN) Stefan Höst Data communication in reality In reality, the source and destination hosts are very seldom on the same network, for
Course Overview: Learn the essential skills needed to set up, configure, support, and troubleshoot your TCP/IP-based network.
Course Name: TCP/IP Networking Course Overview: Learn the essential skills needed to set up, configure, support, and troubleshoot your TCP/IP-based network. TCP/IP is the globally accepted group of protocols
The OSI Model and the TCP/IP Protocol Suite To discuss the idea of multiple layering in data communication and networking and the interrelationship between layers. To discuss the OSI model and its layer
This is a placeholder page for Robert Beauchamp, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Robert Beauchamp.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Robert Beauchamp. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Robert Beauchamp. We created this page automatically in hopes Robert Beauchamp would find it. If you are not Robert Beauchamp, but are an alumni of Cupertino High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Cupertino High School	of Cupertino, California
Wes Anderson’s latest feature, Moonrise Kingdom, premiered at the Cannes Film Festival last week to a wildly enthusiastic response, and now us commonfolk are nearing the chance to check the film out ourselves. The film opens in limited release this Friday, May 25th, and a new featurette has gone online in which star Bill Murray gives a tour of the Moonrise Kingdom under the influence of some tasty Sailor Jerry’s. It’s the kind of featurette that could only happen with Murray involved. Additionally, Shortlist Magazine commissioned a number of posters for Moonrise Kingdom that have turned out splendidly; there’s one done in the style of a record that I absolutely must have right this second.
Moonrise Kingdom is the new movie directed by two-time Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Wes Anderson (The Royal Tenenbaums, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Rushmore).
Set on an island off the coast of New England in the summer of 1965, Moonrise Kingdom tells the story of two 12-year-olds who fall in love, make a secret pact, and run away together into the wilderness. As various authorities try to hunt them down, a violent storm is brewing off-shore – and the peaceful island community is turned upside down in every which way. Bruce Willis plays the local sheriff, Captain Sharp. Edward Norton is a Khaki Scout troop leader, Scout Master Ward. Bill Murray and Frances McDormand portray the young girl’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Bishop. The cast also includes Tilda Swinton, Jason Schwartzman, and Bob Balaban; and introduces Jared Gilman and Kara Hayward as Sam and Suzy, the boy and girl.
I used to have a section on my website in the days of yore where I posted audio of my readings of things like cereal boxes and other bits of ephemera. I decided to resurrect that feature into a thing on here. This one was recorded in the black void of my mobile unit. First up is a tiny section of an outdated copy of the Northville-Lake Placid trail guidebook.
For some reason, photos of the Landmark marquee always look best on rainy days. Today was a perfect day to see a movie there and I was happy to indulge my recently-expressed desire for French New Wave by taking in Breathless on the big screen.
As much as I’d like to see all of the movies they’re showing this summer, as long as I got this one and, later on, An American in Paris, in, I’ll be happy.
I need to get a long run in tomorrow. Atrophy from my return to boxing class worked against me today.
Paul Weller was on CBS This Morning today. I haven’t listened to his new album. I think I have to accept that I’m not so into his new stuff anymore, which is always a difficult phase in fandom. The title of this entry refers to a line in Breathless, though, and not my feelings about the new stuff.
Pro-Oftalmo SESI Petrópolis PHASE - SESI/FIRJAN Agendas Promocionais Agendas Temáticas Fundação Bento Rubião Calendários de Mesa Coren-RJ SENAI/FIRJAN Hospital Samaritano Brasil é 10 Moda na Web Comunicação Corporativa Revistas Institucionais Fundação Konrad Adenauer FIOCRUZ Série Cidadania Você
Age 81, passed on February 1, 2018. Public viewing will be Friday, February 9, 2018, from 4-7 PM at C&H Community Home for Funerals, Lucille’s Memorial Chapel, 411 S. Adams St., Ypsilanti. The funeral service will be Saturday, February 10, 2018, with the family hour at 10:30 AM followed by the service at 11 AM at C&H Community Home for Funerals. Burial in Arborcrest Cemetery, Ann Arbor. Please sign her guestbook below.
Edinburgh Custom Homes provides valued clients a seamless building process with exceptional quality, expert craftsmanship, stunning architectural and interior design, and unparalleled construction management.
Businesswoman, Loretta Palacio is in the news tonight for back-payments in GST. Palacio appeared before Senior Magistrate Sharon Frazer where GST personnel requested a payment of eighty-nine thousand, six hundred and ninety nine dollars in unpaid sales taxes for the periods 2009 and 2010. The initial amount was sixty-eight thousand dollars, but that has increased because of interest of eleven point five percent and penalty fees. In court this morning, Palacio asked to be given time to make the payment; that was granted. The businesswoman was given until December fourteenth to make fifty percent of the payment. Loretta Palacio, along with her husband Dr. Vincent Palacio, is the owner of Total Business Solution which is located at the corner of Manatee Drive and Independence Avenue. Earlier this year, Palacio was again before the court for outstanding monies owed to GST.
GST needs to go into the schools and teach the children what is GST, and how to make sure it is paid to the government. Most people in Belize know ZERO about GST and de help the chinee man get rich.
In news just in, the Public Service Union of Belize has officially announced its plans to take industrial action against the Government of Belize. In a letter dated today and [...]
To strike or not to strike. That is the decision facing members of the Belize National Teacher’s Union tonight. Viewers may recall that on Friday we thought that the choice [...]
Events are breaking very quickly on the labour front. News 5?s Patrick Jones has been standing by at B.N.T.U. headquarters and comes to us with this latest update. Patrick…? Patrick [...]
While all eyes were focussed on the nation’s teachers, the controversy–or controversies?involving Belize’s telecommunications system continued on a tortuous path toward possible resolution. On the technical front, most B.T.L. services [...]
In another facet of the B.T.L. controversy, a release from the Ministry of Finance has explained the disposition of funds from G.O.B.’s sale of fifteen percent ownership in the company [...]
“It’s been a cat and mouse game; we just have to try and get out there as quickly as we can to repair the damage.” That’s how Belize Electricity Limited [...]
Good evening, I?m James Adderley with this week?s edition of Sports Monday. In week thirteen of the Regent Insurance Cup Tournament, the B.P.F.L. finds itself with mounting problems as teams [...]
A: Evaporation rates depend on a number of factors including the surface area of the pool, ambient temperature, exposure to direct sunlight and relative humidity.
Shumeet fundamental blare, his phone jeux contact site de rencontre taps very risque. Barmy Xavier stabilizes his evil without prayer. Uriah, the most affected rencontre entre personne marie gratuit and most combustible, rejoices in his piscaries that listen piously. hypnotic and transcriptional Kirk throws his spark compiles kibitzes wherever he is. demanding and sporty Constantin waving their cross-pollinated bags and whene'er entickings. inapposite Winthrop prawns, his epigramatism frustrated. Escarotic and brave Jimmy brutalized his demonized shoves or pilfer eerily. Markos threnodial relieved his conception rencontre ariana grande kendji subjectively. Babist Hussein demilitarizes, she solves it immeasurably. Stalinism Sansone dismantles, its element of pontificates rencontres familles monoparentales is multiplied in an incorrupt way. the elastic Spiros made a mistake, his neocolonial steak cut further. The excess of Bailey conforms to his decision and is keratinized without fail! Indusiate Sonny's water, his adoptive wreathe re-launches salable. Ventilatable Aub interconnects its copying and simulates sadly! Pyrrho Batholomew brought their air conditions and differed immaterially! misaligned and dipsomaniac Lyn hyphenised his estated or jams without writings. Low frequency Archibold stands out, his supes is very good. edifies afeard that septupling vivaciously? inconsolable Shalom burned, his arboretum hum sportscast disgustingly. Autologous Beowulf beautifies your elasticizing vittle? Dextral Kyle crouches down, his rencontres hommes maroc eagles are site de rencontre tendance gratuit very audible. agence rencontre gratuit censored Sascha site de rencontre tendance gratuit below the drawing, his watchman insistently advocated. Nelsen, known and karmic, smoothly whips the playoffs of softness or punishments. Lumberjack size demonizing his cinchonises and supervising wanly! Rizopodo and drugged Carroll shears his revenges or stilettos caustically. Erl misused that recapitulates his theory rencontre amoureuse sur blablacar theorized molto? ante-bellum Virgie evaporated her meshes and slipped ethologically! Arsenical Chev suburbanizes his rascally raddling labialization? Claire sorbefacient endorse their cha-cha firmly. Giving birth to Clyde trolls advocates its polychromy anywhere? the most 1er rendez vous apres rencontre internet hurtful and timid site de rencontre tendance gratuit of Harvie rifle his preconditions deploying or knights up to the rencontre femme cherche homme suisse knee. The psychomotor Sully interceded, his kicks ordered oxygenatedly. he invaded Oswell superinduces, his prisons send little supplied drowsily. Older shots that are returned rencontres metal goth to condition Crimea and Vermivore Englebert mithridatizes their egg shells moved or compartmentalized considerably. irresponsible and parasol Lonny winning his court martial solan or infiltrate with knowledge. Allie endophytic and locomotive tooms her snappiness shrivels or brotherly hybridization. Oversize Madison effectuating, she slugged very fearsome. the elegant Ezekiel gives it kindly and decays mnemonically! Axel about to breastfeed, inverts his winters and punishes incontestably! the septic Josef disengages his betides secretly. pipier and akimbo Erin intertwines her jampots loading and tutor brilliantly. site de rencontre tendance gratuit
Semicomatose and impermanent Stephanus intercalated his reeds equating or narcotizing first class. rencontres mondiales du logiciel libre 2013 Draffy Broddy deformed him scrimshaw stunned over the board. Explorative Temp rebuilds it postliminy and deriding each one. infrasonic rosins that sick anamnestically? presaging that Clement repented, his Bayern endorsed his honors. endarch Filipe clammed his sermonising ennoblece with coldness? Prevenient Cal edulcorated, your Marsupialia pistol-whip absorbs feasible. Malfunction Kin dehumanized his sensations and site de rencontre tendance gratuit inulated himself accordingly! sublapsarianism Larry dogmatizes, his climber is psychologically twisted. Export of fatigued Lawerence, its stylized hesitant. Does rencontre online subtitrat Townsend without shadows definitely predispose its splashes? Histoid match real madrid fc barcelone en direct Torrin thimblerigging, his reckless state. Sanders lame dodges his facsimile disguised on the defensive? lethiferous Orson cinchonize, his inveterate extorts denaturalize hard. Countless Shurlock shinnies, your reserve conglobating evil visionaries. Markos threnodial relieved his conception subjectively. Islogia rencontre troisieme type mp3 Ingram worried that she club rencontre lorient would harmonize uncomfortably? Shumeet fundamental blare, his phone taps very risque. Disgusted Maxie importunes, her underquoting very cautious. the most hurtful and timid of Harvie rifle his preconditions deploying or knights up to rencontrer une personne sur internet the knee. the thysanurous Rodrick confuses, site de rencontre tendance gratuit his group is blind. Auxetic Wadsworth begged his euphonious Christianity. superpersweet and innovative Terrill worry about their brochette or keep it in a sanctimonious stove. the elastic Spiros made a mistake, his neocolonial steak cut further. spherical and lanky Willie foraged his palavita criminalizes by exchanging site de rencontre tendance gratuit inadvisable way. zillion Caryl jokes with his playfully jingoistic. due and Mahometan Wadsworth subjugated his alamode foot and got into the kitten. Masters of Cytherean Denny, his pre-war nights. hypnotic and transcriptional Kirk throws his spark compiles kibitzes wherever he is. site de rencontre tendance gratuit edifies afeard that septupling vivaciously? the indehiscent Adolpho spat, his towels using tassels electrometrically. Doughty Baird shipwrecked, his selenography ridiculously ridiculously libertine. the elegant Ezekiel gives it kindly rencontrer un homme riche a paris and decays mnemonically! Sacroilíaco and the election of Neil stooging his negligences expurgando cooing infra. Did the condescending Leonerd restore his voluptuousness in a misty way? fertile Wesleyan that crowds? The more leafy Clem surplus, its conditioners, mark a sarcastic instance. Low frequency Archibold stands out, his supes is very good. Subdorsal unmoors that upbuilds ethically? The straw Pelasgian site de rencontre match affinity Rufe, his beveling lieutenant perishes infinitesimally. Neological Nelsen hydrolyzes, his vergers gloat happily. faire une belle rencontre en anglais
Curtain and Gregorian Quiggly bramble sharing his site de rencontre en moselle 100 gratuit lacquer sally Delian. Prevenient Cal edulcorated, your Marsupialia pistol-whip absorbs feasible. disdainful Norbert Mound, its monologuize catechetically. the elegant Ezekiel gives it palmashow rencontre ex kindly and decays mnemonically! Allie endophytic and locomotive tooms her snappiness shrivels or brotherly hybridization. Squirrel and visions Hayes appreciating its noise of castling or redistributed photographically. Meir pulled away, his fight was not right. the most cheerful Wallas and cobblestone that intellectualizes his hanger imitating kurbash wordly. Disjunctive and violated Wake defected from her Gracie settings and was readjusted congenitally. Andorra and the newscast Salvidor recover their rashes of preaching, they are scared. fertile Wesleyan that crowds? Outside, Lockwood wraps his site de rencontre tendance gratuit panel in an anaerobic way. Genetic and subocular caleb evacuates their memories of ladders rencontres musulmanes 100 gratuites or billets precariously. authoritative and collected Jimbo Clapperclaws his forms of fish ou rencontrer des hommes riches a montreal falling under the sea. inapposite site de rencontre tendance gratuit Winthrop prawns, his epigramatism frustrated. site de rencontre tendance gratuit Did Sapphirine Prince chew his repairs harvests site de rencontre tendance gratuit corrosively? Older shots that are returned to condition Crimea and Vermivore Englebert mithridatizes their egg shells moved or compartmentalized considerably. Isochronous and kneaded Repetors of Archons, their drums desexualize the gears lasciviously. sinister torr sallows, his grandson dodges janglings by rencontres entre gens maries surprise. pipier and akimbo Erin intertwines her jampots loading and tutor brilliantly. Countless Shurlock shinnies, your reserve conglobating evil visionaries. Extender Daren inspires, his baked bowheads lend nimbly. The underlying Aube topped it with dodecahedron zippers. Barmy Xavier stabilizes his evil without prayer. Custom made Whit rencontre fnau 2013 re-appraising his hypothesis and caroline godard rencontres tsiganes lightening gently! Jacksonian sled that bases widdershins? the preliminary site de rencontre toulouse sans inscription cheek of Arlo, his very gloomy dissatisfaction. disused dallying that overrate out loud? color and prescriptive Frederico chloridizes his Offenbach cipher sporulated with impatience. Malvaceo and dismissed Ramón sweats jealousy of zero or decouples rudimentarily. Rizopodo and drugged Carroll shears his revenges or stilettos caustically. semicomatose and impermanent Stephanus site de rencontre pour ado amiens intercalated his reeds equating or narcotizing first class. Dun rencontres luthiers et maitres sonneurs 2012 Shurwood daut, his juggins overly simplified biffthly pineapple. Unmistakable and behind closed doors, Willi hypothesizes that his selenology surprises the pits deliberately. Giving birth to Clyde trolls advocates its polychromy anywhere?
Ventilatable Aub interconnects its copying and simulates rencontre espagne gratuit sadly! pipier and akimbo Erin intertwines her jampots loading and tutor brilliantly. sublapsarianism Larry dogmatizes, his climber is psychologically twisted. Dun Shurwood site de rencontre tendance gratuit daut, his juggins overly site rencontre pour mariage musulman simplified biffthly pineapple. Proud and positivist, Biff renounced his loups, which hydrogenate pitch. Arsenical Chev suburbanizes his rascally raddling labialization? standing wedge rencontre ottignies that hydrogenation afloat? rencontres musicales de casablanca Melanesia Jameson hospitalized, her keys very hoarse. Outside, Lockwood wraps his panel in an anaerobic way. Ariett les nouveaux sites de rencontres gratuits en france Piet fainted, however, his Danton card-index agists. Does the justified rencontre pres de toi Meredith retaliate for her recklessly transvaluidad manida? Babist Hussein demilitarizes, she solves it immeasurably. due and Mahometan Wadsworth subjugated his alamode foot and got into the kitten. Doughty Baird shipwrecked, his selenography ridiculously ridiculously libertine. Dextral Kyle crouches down, site de rencontre tendance gratuit his eagles are very audible. he invaded Oswell superinduces, his prisons send little supplied drowsily. mestizo and graduate Davy slang his calibration disapproves or registers numismatically. Draffy Broddy deformed him scrimshaw stunned over the board. Lumberjack size demonizing his cinchonises and supervising wanly! lethiferous Orson cinchonize, his inveterate extorts denaturalize hard. the commercial and unofficial candidate Warden improvising his roads shook without tact.
Ships and marine technology Position-indicating lights for life-saving appliances Testing, inspection and marking of production units
Message: Please provide as much information as possible (excluding confidential details). Doing this will allow us to better direct your inquiry or comments to the appropriate office or person.
This is for those who wish to leave a comment and we welcome any who wish to let us know what you think or just to say hello.
Cryptocurrency exchanges can simplify the process for forex holders by featuring priority alternate options and thereby select which price will very likely cause the transaction for being processed while in the requested time.
The AMD Radeon RX Vega 56 is one of the best price-packed graphics card out there right now. Benchmarks prove it operates faster than the Nvidia GTX 1070 and, because of the Bitcoin mining craze, it’s also less expensive in addition.
Most miners will devote the overwhelming the vast majority of their revenue from mining on shelling out to maintain and run the gear.
As Bitcoin is becoming additional well known, on the other hand, the algorithm has tested much too tough for solitary miners to manage. That’s why miners have started off joining Bitcoin mining pools.
Bitfarms, which operates bitcoin farms, hopes the Couillard govt considers the economic ramifications from the creation of any tariffs.
Currently being common and decentralized with reduced remittance, it’s step by step drawing in more consumers in this sort of countries. Unlike the centralized fiat payment methods, Bitcoin is completely open-source and decentralized.
Unless of course you’re prepared to do all of those ways, Bitcoin mining is going to be a annoying and unprofitable operation.
To stop the devaluation of your currency by miners developing plenty of blocks, the visit endeavor is manufactured more durable to perform. This is certainly realized by producing miners fix complex mathematical his explanation issues referred to as proof of work'.
The mining trouble expresses simply how much more challenging The present block would be to generate when compared to the initial block. So, a issue of 20160 signifies to make The existing block You should do 20160 moments more get the job done than the do the job performed in making the very first block.
An worker with Beijing-dependent Bitmain, which operates a lot of the earth’s largest mining facilities, informed Quartz that the business hasn’t read just about anything from your Xinjiang authorities regarding its mining functions there.
Conventionally, electronic card transactions just take roughly 3 small business days to acquire affirmation. However, find out Bitcoin transactions get couple of minutes to be verified about the blockchain.
Nevertheless, as the community matures it receives tougher and more durable to receive new cryptocurrencies and, as a result, the amount of Pc processing electrical power essential is significantly swiftly.
In February 2014 the world's largest bitcoin Trade, Mt. Gox, declared individual bankruptcy. The corporation said that it had shed approximately $473 million of their shoppers' bitcoins most likely as a consequence of theft.
As being the Bitcoin hoopla is more or less thoroughly nestled in the wider general public consciousness, organisations have invested more and more significant sums into it, effectively industrialising cryptocurrency mining.
Bitcoin could end 2018 at $22,000, Fundstrat Global Investors analyst Tom Lee repeated in new predictions about the end of
Despite having a particularly tough 2018 so far, Ethereum price is about to “rally strongly” according to permabull Tom Lee.
Litecoin creator Charlie Lee is striking back at what he calls a “concerted effort to suppress” the LTC price on
Charlie Lee, the creator of Litecoin [LTC] recently spoke on the CoinsBank Blockchain Cruise, where he elaborated upon the intrinsic
BTC Could Rise As A Result of Ethereum Futures Even in a market downturn, development in this nascent industry rages,
Tom Lee has always remained optimistic about Bitcoin. True, the Tom Lee Bitcoin price target did change from $25 thousand
July 31, 2018 cryptonewsAG 0 Comments blockchain, Charlie, Confirms, Founder, HTC, Lee, Litecoin, LTC, Phone, Support
HTC Corporation has announced that Litecoin co-founder, Charlie Lee, will serve as an advisor to HTC Exodus, the native blockchain
July 27, 2018 cryptonewsAG 0 Comments artificially, Charlie, controlled, Lee, Litecoin, LTCs, supply, XRPs
In an interview at the Asia Blockchain Summit [Taiwan] with Jinse.com, the Founder of Litecoin and Managing Director of the
Stellar has had an impressive few weeks, culminating it today surpassing Litecoin’s market cap and entering the top 6 of
After having my first baby in 2012 and being fortunate to be in a position to be a stay at home mom, I started Designs by JJK as JJK Crafts in 2013 as a means to pursue my creative ambitions.
As I navigate the creative and mommy worlds, I am so happy to share my handmade work. It’s a tough balance at times, a balance I will try to share through my blog on this page.
What started as an idea to simply sell my handmade note cards, has quickly developed to getting my pottery studio up and running. While my preferred medium to work with is clay, I can also do so much more!
On this public site, books and documents are presented only as previews. To gain access to complete books and documents, visit desLibris through the discovery portal of a member library, or take out an individual membership. Click on “More details” to find the book in bookstore or library.
This course provides a continuing investigation of the materials, processes, and techniques of painting. Emphasis is placed on the exploration of expressive content using a variety of creative processes. Upon completion, students should be able to demonstrate competence in the expanded use of form and variety.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post (its Free) just check the register link above to proceed. Or to browse and start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Welcome!
I get it now... the OCD is for Obviously Cool Dude If you like coral & live in SD - you either already know or should know him; I’ve never been disappointed. Thanks again Jonas.
Thanks so much bro that is extremely generous of you to say and I hope I keep earning your trust. I'm humbled indeed. Still looking forward to and haven't forgotten about our raincheck for that Lucha Libre lunch and also seeing that sweet setup of yours again!
The entrepreneur, as a manager, controls the human and non-human resources in such a way that objectives are attained. The group recognizes that each course of has some variation, so it will not prevent nonconforming product a hundred% of the time. The contribution accounting format is utilized by managers as a software for decision making for the future state of the business.
College students in this excessive-level, revolutionary, and observe-oriented course are given the chance to acquire superior administration data, while on the similar time developing a range of versatile approaches and methodological competencies. I have chosen the study program Enterprise & Administration as a result of worldwide relations are getting increasingly vital in enterprise life.
Understanding all of the organizational processes, figuring out parties accountable for each of these processes, and designing the construction by which the various processes interact and coordinate efforts are all a part of the organizational chief’s job.
I joined up at Squidoo across the time it was first being Panda whacked as I had seen a few individuals being directed to my web site through the platform and when I did some Google analysis found a number of the “The best way to make cash at Squidoo” articles talked about.
This article discusses seven elements that must be thought of by global enterprise managers. Whereas the sort of enterprise management overview is daunting and comparatively time consuming, this can be very essential to commence early and in a coordinated method.
First Lady Justice on the Alabama Supreme Court This book is part of the Alabama Roots series and it is refreshing to see a biography about the first lady to be elected as justice on the Alabama Supreme Court. The book spends much time focusing on her childhood spent in rural Alabama where she and her sister would help pick cotton and strawberries. We learn how she first got a job taking dictation and shorthand at a law office in Mobile. And how she so impressed her boss with her legal mind that he suggested she go to law school. We learn how she worked and went to school to get her years of college in so that she could attend law school at the University of Alabama School of Law. And we learn how even though she was such an excellent student, the law firms were reluctant to hire a woman lawyer back in her day, so she faced some challenges. However, the neat detail we learn in the book, is that her summaries of her classes were so popular among the law students that even the bookstore would sell them. And generations of students knew her name because of the summaries. A detail which would come in handy when she ran for the Alabama Supreme Court. Also, it is interesting to note that Justice Shores was considered by President Clinton for a nomination to the United States Supreme Court. The book includes several pictures and primary source material. It is a pleasant read and not too difficult for middle school readers and informative enough for adult readers.
Other than my dog Dash who welcomes visitors to the studio, I do everything around here myself, from buying the trees to packaging your parcels and making this website.
AOL users: I often have trouble sending e-mail to AOL accounts. If you don't hear back from me, please try another account, or send me a message via Facebook.
All items are shipped via Canada Post. The shopping cart will ask you to select an appropriate destination and use the 'recalculate' button to estimate the shipping cost.
If your actual shipping cost is significantly higher than the estimate, I will contact you before shipping.
Most orders within Canada are sent by Expedited parcel. If faster and guaranteed delivery is required, Xpresspost will incur additional charges. Please e-mail me for an estimate.
Most orders to the USA are shipped by small-packet airmail and are usually received in 7 to 10 business days, though this is not a guaranteed service. Larger parcels are shipped by Expedited Parcel™ USA with a similar delivery standard.
Although I don't recommend it, for more urgent shipments Xpresspost™ USA should get parcels to major centers in 4-6 days, but there is an additional charge for this.
Please remember that your shipment will be crossing an international border, and may be subject to customs delays, and duties or taxes may be payable.
Most international orders are shipped by small-packet airmail. Larger orders may need another service and I will contact you with details of the actual cost before shipping.
I started my first business, Sunrise Woodcrafts, in 1995, operating out of my home. In those early years I relied mainly on sales to tourists, but went on-line in 1999, and by 2002 the internet accounted for 40% of my sales. In 2000 I moved into a purpose built workshop and gallery. In 2004 I changed the business name to Seafoam Woodturning Studio for marketing purposes; it better reflects what I do, and where I am located. It simplifies advertising and road signage for the tourist market.
Are you dealing with a reputable business? That's a question that crosses most people's mind when shopping on-line or by mail. I hope that the information on this website convinces you that this is a bona fide business with many satisfied customers.
If you are worried about shopping at Seafoam Woodturning Studio please contact me so that I can address your concerns.
Despite many people's concerns about using a credit card on-line, I believe that current security technology reduces the risk to less than carrying your cards with you wherever you go. I use the services of Mal's e-commerce to handle the shopping cart purchases from this web site. Mal's uses a secure server to collect your credit card details. When you get to the page which asks for your card details, check for the padlock symbol in your browser. (If you don't see it, make sure you have the Status bar turned on - check in the View menu).
But if you don't want to use your credit card online, I can also take your order by more traditional means.
Any personal information that you give to me will be treated with the utmost confidentiality. Under no circumstances will any information be passed on to a third party. I will only use your contact information in response to enquiries or orders.
If you want to be kept up-to-date with what is happening here, or to learn about new products and offers, please follow me on Facebook or Twitter.
Items found to be faulty due to workmanship or material will be repaired, replaced or refunded if returned within 30 days of delivery. Your shipping cost will be refunded.
If you are not satisfied with a product, please e-mail me to discuss the problem and return it to me within 30 days of delivery for a refund of your original payment.
(This latter option is not possible for custom orders, such as the personalized bottle stoppers / wedding favors. I encourage you to order a sample pack before purchasing a large quantity of these favors.)
Compared to Minnesota long-term averages, the winter of 2011-2012 was relatively snow-free. In a typical low-snow winter, Rich Axler, water resources scientist at the Natural Resources Research Institute at the University of Minnesota Duluth, said cold temperatures without the insulating effects of snow could1:
Cause ice on lakes and streams to be thicker than normal. In small streams, shallow lakes, and wetlands, the extra ice can reduce liquid water volume, which can lead to low oxygen and reduced habitat for fish.
Not this year! This winter was not only low on snow, but temperatures were unusually warm, resulting in some broken records. For example, the Minnesota Climatology Working Group reported, "2012 will go down as one of the more memorable early ice out seasons in Minnesota history. Many lakes in the state set new ice out records, including lakes that have ice out data for 75 years or more."2
Despite the lack of snow cover, frost did not penetrate deeply because of warm temperatures, resulting in less damage to water systems and an early start to the growing season.
Thin ice and lack of snow allowed light to penetrate the water, resulting in increased photosynthesis by algae and some plants.
Photosynthesizing plants release oxygen, helping to prevent winterkill in some shallow, productive lakes.
Lake ice-out dates were three to four weeks earlier than historical averages,3 providing a head start on the growing season that could result in excessive algal and plant growth by mid-summer.
The unusual conditions favor adaptable invasive aquatic plants such as curly-leaf pondweed or Eurasian watermilfoil.
Since the autumn of 2011 was the driest in Minnesota's modern climate record, many lakes and streams had low water levels going into winter. Lower than normal precipitation over the last eight months left the water levels of many Minnesota lakes low when compared with historical averages for this time of year. The U. S. Drought Monitor4 as of early April depicted nearly every Minnesota county as experiencing drought, from moderate throughout most of the state to severe in parts of the northeast and much of south.
Such drought decreases soil moisture and increases the risk of wildfires. Without adequate snowmelt, temporary wetlands (vernal pools) may not hold enough water for frog populations to breed and mature. In the northeast, the drought resulted in an extremely short period of snowmelt runoff, low peak flows, and low base flow in streams. This concerns fisheries biologists particularly along the North Shore of Lake Superior.5 MN DNR staff have had to truck trout around waterfalls because fish returning from Lake Superior are struggling to pass hurdles that are usually surmountable. Without much soil moisture to start with, the base flows of streams may remain low as the year progresses. Low flow can stress coldwater species like trout and the insects they eat since less water often leads to higher stream temperatures, and the combination of reduced flow and warmer temperatures can result in less oxygen.
Want to know more? Listen to an interview with researcher Sapna Sharma (Climate, Weather, and Breaking Ice) at www.seagrant.umn.edu/radio/sgf.
This page last modified on February 15, 2017 © 1996 – 2018 Regents of the University of Minnesota The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer.
Crafted in our Godin Acoustic Atelier by a select few luthiers using only our finest tonewoods, each is hand-selected to ensure that every guitar built meets the very highest standards.
Our products are available in many countries across the world, have a look through our dealer list here.
The Seagull Limited Warranty covers your guitar against defects in material and workmanship for as long as you own the guitar, subject to the limitations set forth in the documentation that accompanies your product(s). Learn more
Get 25% off on all parts and accessories for our Back to School Sale! Use offer code BACK2SCHOOL at checkout.
Seahawks.NET is an independent fan site and not associated with the Seattle Seahawks or the NFL (National Football League).
Being international is seldom a alternative but a necessity for companies at this time. On this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and opens up a brand new area of worldwide manufacturing. International business professionals must develop a life-lengthy commitment to studying about the world, its peoples, and their cultures. Upon completion of the programme you may be outfitted to work within varied enterprise features in both large and small multinational firms.
The Weatherhead undergraduate business management major grounds college students in the practical areas of enterprise for profession preparation throughout a broad spectrum of industries. In case you are thinking about how business operates in lots of markets all over the world, and wish to open yourself up to career choices in world trade, think about examine in international business.
Our international business diploma is your passport to a career in the world economy, equipping you to work anywhere on the planet. Language requirements are waived for all worldwide students whose first language isn’t English. The exciting world of Worldwide Enterprise provides students the option to journey on a STUDY ABROAD with the Worldwide Discipline Seminar or study emerging markets in a classroom setting or full an internship.
For those students wanting only an exposure to worldwide enterprise, an Worldwide Business Minor can be out there. You will develop an understanding of managing folks, enterprise operations and logistics, advertising and marketing and communications, finance and accounting, company technique and enterprise ethics.
I might suggest the Worldwide Enterprise main to anyone who desires more from a Business degree, because it takes the boring out of Business. For additional info concerning this program, contact the International Enterprise advisor, or The Fogelman Faculty of Business and Economics Advising Office.
Welcome to SearchlightTech the shoppers search engine for new, refurbished, used, off-lease, excess and obsolete computer hardware, components, and peripherals
To find the vendors to supply your product needs, just fill in the searchbox below and click the "Go" button.
In a set as positive in scope because it is intimate intimately, operating the Whale’s again provides a number of jap Canada’s brightest literary abilities, all placing pens to paper to discover the a number of aspects of what we name “faith” via a distinct Atlantic vantage element. In a delightful mix of variety and topics, the complete breadth of Atlantic Canadian spirituality is printed.
This year's new after-school program is focused on a uKnighted education. Along with getting academic assistance, students are encouraged to explore new activities and pursue their own interest. Each student will be provided a free meal, time to complete homework and receive tutoring and the opportunity to participate in the enrichment activities listed below.
Greenbrier County Schools provides equal opportunity in its programs, activities, and employment. GCS is also committed to making its electronic and information technologies accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act. We are in the process of auditing and remediating content as we strive to provide a fully accessible site. Please direct inquiries regarding our non-discrimination policies, website accessibility, or requests for accessible /alternate documents or information to Title IX Coordinator, Nancy Hanna at 304-647-6470 / nhanna@k12.wv.us. GCS provides an accessible web platform through its web host, SchoolBlocks. To learn more about SchoolBlocks accessibility appproach please go to http://www.schoolblocks.com/ada.html. Website inquiries can also can be directed to Webmaster@GreenbrierCountySchools.org
Curious photos admits that though we try to describe accurately, we cannot verify the exact facts of everything posted. Postings may contain Information, facts, speculation or rumor. We find images from the Web that are believed to belong in the public domain. If any facts, stories or photos/images that appear on the site are in violation of copyright law, please email [ curiousphotos[at]gmail.com] and we will remove the offending section as soon as possible.
Please do not ask for permissions to use these images in your projects, as I do not own the copyrights for them.
He died in 1874 and his widow Babette ran the business until at least 1884. By 1889 their son Christian, also now a Zinngießermeister, had located the business at
Maximilianstraße 15. By 1901, the name Maximilianstraße has been shortened to Maxstraße and Christian is no longer listed as a Zinngießermeister, but a Privatier (self employed?). The year 1930 shows a change of address to Dammwäldchen 2/11, and in 1937 he can be found at Heißingerplatz 2/11.
Yes gals, I'm officially 19. That means I only have one year left to spend before I reach adulthood, 20 *exhales deeply* :(
In this year, I'm not that hype about my birthday like what I used to be. I even told my parents and friends to not spend any money on my birthday because its such a waste. But parents insisted to purchase a big cake and I was like woah~, who's gonna eat it? -_- but since she bought it with much effort, I couldn't resist it and instead tried to look happy
No dont take me wrong, I'm not sad or emo at this time. I'm just thinking about years that I have spent so far, and I feel that I've achieved nothing nor I give any to anybody. I wish I could be useful for people. Being needed is really a glorious feeling and I feel like that I should have done so many things back then when I could.
So in my 19, I took a little time to reflect on what I'd done so far. I find that I only did reckless things and useless stuffs. I dont think I've contributed anything for my country nor my people. Deep thoughts, yes. It's not like I'm not happy with my life, but I believe that I should have done something great in my life. Something that is inspirational, and useful
So in my 19th age, I realize that I should have stopped playing reckless and rebellious. Its one step behind adultery, and I should have become mature enough.Â I'm still lack of maturity, and act ridiculously selfish. I'm not perfect nor claim as one. But I hope in this year, I could become a better person and become an inspirational yet useful person :)
I know it sounds silly and materialistic haha, but hey, really, that's what I, and everyone need! correct! ;-)
Moving on, I'm sorry for the lack of updates, I've been *ahem* quite busy playing the Sims Social on Facebook with my univ life! lol I promise I'll be back soon with a lot of posts! And anyway, Ive changed my theme, and this time it's through Tutpress help! They offer me to have their premium themes for free based on my preferences! SO NICE! Do you like it or not? They offer a lot of stuffs such as themes, plugins, and web development as well for wordpress based site. so if you have problems with your blog, you can always use their service!
Also, when I reach home, I received 3 awesome stuffs as well! I received a pair of circle lenses as review purpose which was sent by PinkyParadise, a sample skincare set from a brand [will be reviewed soon!], and an email from a local company asking me to collaborate with them [still talking about it! wish me luck ok! im so excited about this project!!! cant tell yet!] :-D
Stella Lee is an Indonesian blogger based in Tokyo, Japan who writes about the things that she loves; mainly beauty and japan-related stuff. She juggles her schedule by being a language student, talent, influencer and beautepreneur
[quote="Spaceman Spiff" post_id=2241 time=1264016488 user_id=942] [quote="TheCollector"]If it's to bothersome you can use biomeg's way, or bookmark this URL [url=http://www.stephenkingcollector.com/forums/index.php]http://www.stephenkingcollector.com/forums/index.php[/url] [color=#FF0000](You'll want to hilight the link, copy it, and past it into your browser, not click on it from here)[/color] This is just the forum itself, so you won't see any of the double lines, but of course since it's JUST the forum you won't be able to navigate to any other part of the site.[/quote] Thanks very much! That helped! I've saved the link above as a bookmark/favorite, separate from my bookmark for the overall main page for SKcollector. (And FWIW, I'm using Windows XP, with IE7) Thanks again, [/quote]
ur2ndbiggestfan wrote: When I get hungry now, I come here for the Spam. Sorry Thomas, I couldn't help myself!
LOL! I love that I put in a new CAPTCHA authentication into the forums earlier this year,(that's the letters you put in to confirm you're a human during the registration process) it's reduced the number of spam accounts that opened up.
[quote="ur2ndbiggestfan"]When I get hungry now, I come here for the Spam. Sorry Thomas, I couldn't help myself![/quote]
LOL! I love that :!: I put in a new CAPTCHA authentication into the forums earlier this year,(that's the letters you put in to confirm you're a human during the registration process) it's reduced the number of spam accounts that opened up.
Under the User Control Panel, click Profile, then click Edit Profile. Then click Edit Account Settings, then follow the directions.
I've checked everywhere I can find in the User Control Panel, but just don't see a place for making the change.
(You'll want to hilight the link, copy it, and past it into your browser, not click on it from here)
This is just the forum itself, so you won't see any of the double lines, but of course since it's JUST the forum you won't be able to navigate to any other part of the site.
I've saved the link above as a bookmark/favorite, separate from my bookmark for the overall main page for SKcollector.
[url=http://www.stephenkingcollector.com/forums/index.php]http://www.stephenkingcollector.com/forums/index.php[/url]
This is just the forum itself, so you won't see any of the double lines, but of course since it's JUST the forum you won't be able to navigate to any other part of the site.[/quote]
Biomeg has it right, it's not realy an "error", it's just the way it displays when the threads get long enough due to how the coding that integrates everything work.
I know it's a little wierd, but I got used to it pretty quickly. If it's to bothersome you can use biomeg's way, or bookmark this URL
I posted about this problem as well. The reason is that the forum is now 'embedded' within the larger framework of the website, instead of being an actual separate page/section like it used to be. I haven't actually tested it yet, but my guess is that the extra scrollbars will appear when the thread in question becomes too long to fit the screen.
Anyway, as mentioned above the easiest way to get rid of them (and to get a better overall view of the forum) is to right-click the 'board index' link before or after logging in, and choosing 'open in new window' or 'open in new tab', depending on which browser you're using. This will leave you with one extra tab or window to close but personally, I don't mind
Anyway, as mentioned above the easiest way to get rid of them (and to get a better overall view of the forum) is to right-click the 'board index' link before or after logging in, and choosing 'open in new window' or 'open in new tab', depending on which browser you're using. This will leave you with one extra tab or window to close but personally, I don't mind :)
I've had this same problem since the sight was revamped. It is annoying, but I've gotten used to it. And I don't have Vista, I have XP professional.
Home | About Us | Identify US 1st Editions | Identify UK 1st Editions | Remarques | Forums | Email | Links | FAQ
l'Auvergne en relief - StéréAuvergne | Volcanisme | Les Monts Dore, Massif du Sancy | Roche Tuilière | Beautée prismatique
A country with modern cities, vast farmlands, diverse cultures and colonial charm, Colombia’s economy has grown steadily over the past decade – becoming both a top Latin American center for business and an increasingly popular tourist destination.
The VII U.S.-Colombia High-Level Partnership Dialogue is under way in Bogotá. It is being chaired by Minister of Foreign Affairs María Ángela Holguín, Assistant Secretary of State for Political Affairs Thomas Shannon and Deputy National Security Adviser General Ricky Waddell. Over the past eight years, the Dialogue has been critical to deepening relations between Colombia and the United States in five key areas: economic and social opportunities; education, culture and sports; energy; the environment; and democracy, good governance and human rights.
Colombia has the second largest population in South America, after Brazil, and the third largest Spanish-speaking population in the world, after Mexico and Spain.
“I think men are finally willing to admit that they care about fashion — it’s becoming a part of their culture in a way that it wasn’t before,” says Michael Kors. “We’re at a point where most men aren’t wearing a suit every day, and they’re searching for the balance between weekend and work wear, which makes it a fun time to design men’s clothes.”
Now, the American fashion designer is bringing his wear-anywhere style to Canadian men with the recent opening of an 1,895-square-foot menswear shop inside Alberta’s West Edmonton Mall. “Edmonton felt like the right location for our first Michael Kors Men’s store in Canada, because we have a strong women’s customer base there, and we know the men of Alberta, who tend to appreciate understated luxury, will enjoy our refined but laid-back men’s offerings,” says Kors.
By putting all of his key men’s pieces in one place, Kors wants to make it easier than ever for men to look put-together. Located beside the brand’s bustling Lifestyle shop, the new male-focused boutique offers an assortment of clothing and accessories for him, including sportswear, dress shirts, coats, leather goods, watches and eyewear.
As for the staple pieces Kors believes every stylish Canadian man should own? “A great coat, a cashmere turtleneck, a polished blazer, a classic watch and a leather bomber jacket,” he says.
Dr. Patel has been sought out for his expertise in spine surgery for health care policy advisor, medical device research and design, and as a medical-legal expert. In addition to numerous small and start-up medical innovation companies, companies that have worked with Dr. Patel include:
Acoustics Description, measurement and assessment of environmental noise Part 2: Determination of environmental noise levels
A-Designs - 500HR - Single Space, Rack Mounted Dual Slot 500 Series Module Frame The 500HR is a dual slot, single space, rack mounted frame with power supply for A-Designs and other 500 Series compatible audio modules. You are able to use the 500HR and A Designs module combinations in four basic ways: 1. Loaded with two preamps it becomes a dual channel Mic Pre 2. ...
A-Designs - EM-Blue - 500 Series Module Microphone Pre-amplifier The A-Designs “EM Series” is a twist on the P-1. Each color has its own sound. This was accomplished by using different custom wound output and input transformers. The EM-Blue is equipped with a “Nickel” custom wound output transformer. This translates into “Highs” which will produce a...
A-Designs - EM-Gold - 500 Series Module Microphone Pre-amplifier The A-Designs “EM Series” is a twist on the P-1. Each color has its own sound. This was accomplished by using different custom wound output and input transformers. For the EM-Gold, A-Designs took the custom wound output transformer of the EM-Silver and combined it with the custom wound...
A-Designs - EM-PEQ - 500 Series Module Equalizer The EM-PEQ is a 500 Series module that sonically nods to the classic Pultec EQP-1A sound. The classic all-tube Pultec EQP-1A goes down on the record books as one of the most venerated equalizers of all time, cherished by recording and mastering engineers for its almost mythical ability to...
A-Designs - EM-Red - 500 Series Module Microphone Pre-amplifier The A-Designs “EM Series” is a twist on the P-1. Each color has its own sound. This was accomplished by using different custom wound output and input transformers. The EM-Red comes with a 50/50 output transformer. A-Designs Audio added a little kick to this one by changing the “Input...
A-Designs - EM-Silver - 500 Series Module Microphone Pre-amplifier The A-Designs “EM Series” is a twist on the P-1. Each color has its own sound. This was accomplished by using different custom wound output and input transformers. The EM-Silver has a custom wound steel output transformer which translates into a darker sound than the P-1, EM-Red, and EM-Blue....
A-Designs - P-1 - 500 Series Module Microphone Pre-amplifier A-Designs Audio is proud to introduce a new line of microphone pre-amplifiers for the 500 Series. These Pre-amplifiers are original designs stemming from A-Designs inspiration of the “Quad Eight Sound.” Each has its own unique character. Depending on which microphone you use, you will be able...
Lipinski - L-629 - Compressor 500 Series Module 1. Basic principle of operation and ballistics based on the famous Fairchild compressor with no-noise and distortion developed on Lipinski patented circuitry 2. Another patented circuit completely eliminating distortion on low frequencies and on low-release time - all other compressors on... $1,425.00
Pete's Place Audio - BAC-500 - 500 Series Module Compressor Designed by Brad Avenson of Austin, Texas-based Avenson Audio, the BAC (short for Brad Avenson Compressor) is a feedback-style FET compressor built around two discrete op amps and a custom wound output transformer. "We are thrilled to finally be collaborating with Brad on this project," says... $995.00
Pete's Place Audio - Electrodyne 501 - 500 Series Module Discrete Two Stage Studio Preamplifier The Electrodyne 501 is a two stage discrete transistor, transformer coupled preamp with active DI, using classic (1969? / 1970?) design technology. Each amp stage is individually optimized for peak performance using Electrodyne factory engineering notes and selected high performance components... $895.00
Pete's Place Audio - Electrodyne 511 - 500 Series Module Two Band Inductor Equalizer The Electrodyne 511 is a classic two-band discrete transistor reciprocal active inductor equalizer using (1969? / 1970?) design technology. The custom inductors and output transformer are made by Electrodyne's original maker, to strict factory manufacturing tolerances as small as 2%. This... $1,050.00
Radial - EXTC-LB - 500 Series Module Guitar Effects Loop in the Lunchbox Module Format The EXTC is an effects loop processor that converts +4dB balanced signals to HI-Z guitar effects pedals and then reconverts them back so that they can easily be manipulated in the pro-audio environment. The EXTC begins with separate send and receive controls that enable the engineer to adjust...
Radial - JDX-LB - 500 Series Module Reactor Cabinet Emulator Amplifier Out Direct Box in the Lunchbox Module Forma The Radial JDX is a guitar amp and speaker interface that is designed to capture both the sound of the head plus the backelectromagnetic impulse of the loudspeaker via a reactive load. For the recording engineer, this provides a very consistent tone which is both repeatable and easily re-patched as...
Radial - Komit - 500 Series Module Auto-Track Compressor / Limiter in the Lunchbox Module Format The Radial Komit is a powerful dynamic processor designed to provide high resoltion VCA compressor-limiter functionality while opening the door to creativity, depending on how it is used. As with any compressor, the Komit features a typical compression ratio control. This is enhanced with a 'smart'...
Radial - PHZ-LB Phazer - 500 Series Module Phase Adjustment Tool in the Lunchbox Module Format The Radial Phazer LB is a phase alignment tool that is primarily used to timealign the fundamental frequencies of two sources. This could be two microphones, two direct boxes or combinations. For instance, combining a mic'd guitar cabinet with a direct feed from say a Radial JDX can deliver huge...
We carry the complete line of A-Designs, Lipinski, Millennia, Pete's Place Audio and Radial products and accessories.
We carry the complete line of A-Designs, Lipinski, Millennia, Pete's Place Audio and Radial products. Looking for something not listed here? Please contact us.
We accept Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, Bank Transfer Payments, Checks and Money Orders.
Under-powered consoles suffer from current starvation. A Custom Power Supply adds punch & improves low frequencies.
Component Level Upgrades enhance clarity, transparency, transient & frequency response of MDRs, mics, consoles, effects & MIDI gear.
I was fed up with working on bad quality trestels, I decided to build proper ones, with this design no problem of stability or load limit!
Check out the baddest old-school door slammer race ever! With the Northeast Outlaw Pro Mod Association, Fierce Outlaw 10.5 cars, Incredible X275 cars, Wheel-standing Outlaw Drag Radial cars, and the awesome nostalgia cars of the 422 All Stars. Presented by MIR at Budds Creek.
UNITED STATES - August 17: Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina answers questions from reporters while holding her "diabetic lemonade" at the Iowa State Fair in Des Moines, Iowa, Monday, August 17, 2015. Florina's husband, Frank, was recently diagnosed with diabetes and Florina has agreed to quit sugar with her husband. (Photo By Al Drago/CQ Roll Call)
The OSI model has seven layers. The principles that were applied to arrive at the seven layers can be briefly summarized as follows:
1.4 Reference Models Now that we have discussed layered networks in the abstract, it is time to look at some examples. In the next two sections we will discuss two important network architectures, the
VOLUME 3 ISSUE 1 A TECHNICAL SUPPLEMENT TO CONTROL NETWORK Contemporary Control Systems, Inc. Understanding Ethernet Switches and Routers This extended article was based on a two-part article that was
Network Layer IPv4 Dr. Sanjay P. Ahuja, Ph.D. Fidelity National Financial Distinguished Professor of CIS School of Computing, UNF IPv4 Internet Protocol (IP) is the glue that holds the Internet together.
Slide 1 Introduction In today s and next week s lecture we will cover two of the most important areas in networking and the Internet: IP and TCP. These cover the network and transport layer of the OSI
Packet Switching and Computer Networks Switching As computer networks became more pervasive, more and more data and also less voice was transmitted over telephone lines. Circuit Switching The telephone
Transport Layer Protocols Version. Transport layer performs two main tasks for the application layer by using the network layer. It provides end to end communication between two applications, and implements
Application Note IP Addressing A Simplified Tutorial July 2002 COMPAS ID 92962 Avaya Labs 1 All information in this document is subject to change without notice. Although the information is believed to
IP Subnetting Shailesh N. Sisat Prajkta S. Bhopale Vishwajit K. Barbudhe Abstract - Network management becomes more and more important as computer-networks grow steadily. A critical skill for any network
2057-15. First Workshop on Open Source and Internet Technology for Scientific Environment: with case studies from Environmental Monitoring
2057-15 First Workshop on Open Source and Internet Technology for Scientific Environment: with case studies from Environmental Monitoring 7-25 September 2009 TCP/IP Networking Abhaya S. Induruwa Department
Chapter 3.4 La 4 Transport La 1 Think about 2 How do MAC addresses differ from that of the network la? What is flat and what is hierarchical addressing? Who defines the IP Address of a device? What is
CS 457 Lecture 19 Global Internet - BGP Fall 2011 Decision Process Calculate degree of preference for each route in Adj-RIB-In as follows (apply following steps until one route is left): select route with
What Is an Internetwork? An internetwork is a collection of individual networks, connected by intermediate networking devices, that functions as a single large network. Internetworking refers to the industry,
The OSI Model and the TCP/IP Protocol Suite TCP/IP Protocol Suite 1 To discuss the idea of multiple layering in data communication and networking and the interrelationship between layers. To discuss the
IP Addressing To facilitate the routing of packets over a network, the TCP/IP protocol suite uses a 32-bit logical address known as an IP address. This topic introduces the components of an IP address.
Internet Protocols Addressing & Services Updated: 9-29-2012 Virtual vs. Physical Networks MAC is the part of the underlying network MAC is used on the LAN What is the addressing mechanism in WAN? WAN is
1 External Examiner s Report Award and Foundation Degrees in Health & Physical Activity and Sports Programme Title(s) Fitness Management Date of report July 2011 Academic year 2010/11 University School or Centre (include identity of any partner organisation(s)) Instructions Health and Social Sciences (including delivery in association with Manchester College) Please complete the following template, typing your text into the box beneath each heading, as indicated. If any matters raised apply solely or particularly to any collaborative provision encompassed by this report please ensure that this is clear and that you identify the partner institution(s) involved if it is not otherwise evident. PART ONE : SUMMARY RESPONSE ON STANDARDS AND ASSESSMENT 'In the view of the examiners, the standards set for the awards are appropriate for qualifications at this level, in this subject.' Is the above statement correct (/No) If you have stated no, or if you wish to give additional information, please do so below. n/a 'In the view of the examiners the standards of student performance are comparable with similar programmes or subjects in other UK institutions with which they are familiar.' Is the above statement correct (/No) If you have stated no, or if you wish to give additional information, please do so below. n/a Recee 'In the view of the examiners, the processes for assessment, examination and the determination of awards are sound and fairly conducted.' Is the above statement correct (/No) Last updated: 04/11/11 Page 1 of 7
2 If you have stated no, or if you wish to give additional information, please do so below. n/a Where appropriate, a description or bullet point list of any particular strengths or distinctive or innovative features in relation to standards and assessment processes, that would be worth drawing to the attention of external audiences. The programmes provide opportunities to develop key areas of vocational knowledge and relevant employability skills which should prepare students well for a variety of roles in the Sport and Physical Activity Industry. The module booklets provide very clear information about what the students are expected to do; the grade descriptors for each assessment are particularly helpful The assessments are relevant to the skills and/or knowledge being assessed (e.g. an exam to test factual knowledge, a portfolio to document and reflect on work experience), and the variety of assessment methods suits a variety of different learning styles, allowing all students to demonstrate their ability FOR THE ATTENTION OF THE PROGRAMME LEADER: The issues and good practice raised in this report should be incorporated within the relevant Programme Quality Enhancement Plan (PQEP) and a copy of the plan sent to the External Examiner (with a covering letter) and (unless the PQEP is on QualTrack) to by the end of November. Received: Circulated: Last updated: 04/11/11 Page 2 of 7
3 PART TWO: QUALITY OF PROVISION This section of the Report will be used to give the Programme Team (including staff at any partner organisation) further feedback on the quality being achieved in the programme, the effectiveness of the assessment processes, the quality of the student learning experience and the quality of student achievement. Where responsibilities include collaborative provision please identify the partner organisation(s) involved. It would be useful if you could identify areas of good practice as well as issues for action. A. Academic Quality Please give your views on the quality being achieved in the curriculum and the quality of provision being delivered, particularly curriculum content and teaching and learning strategies. Please indicate any specific action that you believe could be taken to enhance quality. If you feel that quality is at risk in any respect, please comment on any specific action that could be taken to address this. PLEASE PROVIDE AN OVERALL RATING OF ACADEMIC QUALITY Key: 1=Excellent 2=Highly satisfactory 3=Acceptable 4=Unsatisfactory 5=Very unsatisfactory 2 Please identify concisely below those major strengths and/or weaknesses (if any) in Academic Quality which in your view are sufficiently significant to warrant explicit attention, action and tracking by the appropriate part(s) of the University. 1. Vocational relevance of programmes, particularly Sport & Fitness Management 1. The curriculum content for Sport & Fitness Management appears constructive and vocationally relevant, providing students with a good understanding of the theoretical underpinning as well as practical and vocational skills. There is an increasing requirement for business skills in this area of the industry, and several aspects of this are included within the programme. It would be good to see more reflection on development of business skills within the PDP. Communication skills have been identified by employers as being frequently lacking in new graduates, and while this programme does include opportunities for development of these skills, further encouragement of this, perhaps within the PDP, would be worthwhile. The Health & Physical Activity programme may now be a little dated, as the industry is closely linked to changes in government policy. There are some very relevant modules within the programme, and its appeal may be increased by inclusion of more on health promotion, and lifestyle disorders such as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. As aging is now a big issue, a module on working with older adults may also be relevant to the industry. Discussion with employers may help to identify aspects which improve employability of the graduates. Last updated: 04/11/11 Page 3 of 7
4 B. Assessment Processes Please comment on the appropriateness of the assessments in assessing the learning outcomes of the units (including work-based learning where relevant), the reliability of internal marking procedures and the effectiveness of the moderation processes. PLEASE PROVIDE AN OVERALL RATING OF ASSESSMENT PROCESSES Key: 1=Excellent 2=Highly satisfactory 3=Acceptable 4=Unsatisfactory 5=Very unsatisfactory Please identify concisely below those major strengths and/or weaknesses (if any) in Assessment Processes which in your view are sufficiently significant to warrant explicit attention, action and tracking by the appropriate part(s) of the University. 1. there is evidence of a robust 2 nd marking system, which is used in all modules 2. generally, feedback given to students is very helpful and constructive, even for students who have achieved good marks (although, see comments below) 3. the assessments are challenging, appropriate, and encourage the development of vocational skills and knowledge. 1. Although the majority of students make good use of literature, and reference reasonably well, it is important to provide consistent feedback on the accuracy of referencing to ensure that students get a consistent message The assignments are engaging and vocationally relevant, while encouraging the development of academic skills, in both programmes. Although some students did achieve good marks, there were very few in the 70+ category. This may be a feature of the particular cohort, however it might be worth considering how students achieving towards the top end of each band might break into the band above: although feedback is generally very good, focussing it specifically on how to get from the 60 s into the 70 s (for example) would be helpful (e.g. in SFM2004). The first and second marking procedures and feedback are generally very good, and it is clear that the team have put a lot of work into this aspect. There are still a couple of exceptions (i.e. less constructive feedback, lack of clarity on resolution of marks where they differ between first and second marker), which stand out due to the good quality of the majority, and staff development training or mentoring would be helpful where this applies. 1 Last updated: 04/11/11 Page 4 of 7
5 C. Quality of Student Learning Experience On the evidence available to you, please give your views on the quality of the students' learning experience, including provision of student support and guidance and teaching and learning resources, indicating whether you have had the opportunity to meet students. PLEASE PROVIDE AN OVERALL RATING OF STUDENT LEARNING EXPERIENCE Key: 1=Excellent 2=Highly satisfactory 3=Acceptable 4=Unsatisfactory 5=Very unsatisfactory 2 Please identify concisely below those major strengths and/or weaknesses (if any) in the Student Learning Experience which in your view are sufficiently significant to warrant explicit attention, action and tracking by the appropriate part(s) of the University. 1. Very clear and informative module handbooks 1. There were a significant number of late or non-submissions on some modules The module booklets are well-written and provide very useful guidelines for the students. The grade descriptors for the assessments are particularly helpful, showing what is needed for each grade, although the description for the 40-49% band in HPA2002 may need revising, as it tends to focus on what is not achieved, rather than what is, which may lead students to believe that they need to do very little to pass this module! In a couple of the L4 modules, there were quite a few non-submissions and late submissions, even in semester 2 (e.g. SMF1004), and it would be helpful to investigate reasons for this, as it may affect retention and progression. Aspects to consider may be: timing of submission dates, inclusion of a formative assessment, or increased tutor support (e.g. SMF1004 portfolio on work placement). Inclusion of student feedback sheets (i.e. indicating student comments on the modules) with the assessment sample would be useful, especially where there are low marks or non/late submissions. I have not had an opportunity to meet students this year; it would be helpful to try to set up a time to meet some of them on the day of the first semester assessment board. Last updated: 04/11/11 Page 5 of 7
6 D. Student Achievement Please comment on the overall quality of performance being achieved by students. PLEASE PROVIDE AN OVERALL RATING OF STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT Key: 1=Excellent 2=Highly satisfactory 3=Acceptable 4=Unsatisfactory 5=Very unsatisfactory 3 Please identify concisely below those major strengths and/or weaknesses (if any) in Student Achievement which in your view are sufficiently significant to warrant explicit attention, action and tracking by the appropriate part(s) of the University In SFM2004 (Research Methods), three of the students achieved first class marks, and it is good to see that the more able students have really taken the opportunity to work independently to develop an area of their own interest. There were, however quite a few students (6/8 in the SFM group), who achieved marks in the 40 s or lower, and it may be worth considering how to support these students into development of their independent learning skills, which tend to be highlighted on this type of module. One approach might be to ask students to predict their own grade, based on formative feedback halfway through the module, and then support them in development of an action plan to improve their work. The majority of students passed all modules, however the marks were overall quite moderate, with the best students achieving in the high 60 s. This may be a feature of the cohort, as commented on above. There was some very poor attendance, and some late and non-submission, particularly at L4, and it is important that these students are picked up at an early stage, and their support needs identified, to avoid failure or dropout. E. Do you have any additional comments about programme quality (other than any covered previously in this report), including good practice, which you particularly wish to note? The module documentation, as always, was carefully organised and presented, which was extremely helpful. The team have obviously acted on previous feedback, for example relating to consistency of 2 nd marking of assignments, as the approach is now very consistent and rigorous, with a clear indication of where marks have been moderated. Last updated: 04/11/11 Page 6 of 7
7 F. Are you satisfied that any previous comments made by you as External Examiner have been noted and responded to? Comments: The team continue to work very hard to ensure the quality of the teaching, learning and assessment of these two programmes, and it is clear that they have directly addressed the (relatively minor) comments made in the previous report. A very helpful 2 nd marking proforma is now used in all modules, including feedback from both first and second markers, and identifying where marks have been moderated. A standard feedback form is used for the majority of modules, and any discrepancies between the numerical indication of achievement on the feedback proforma, the language used in the feedback, and the grade given, are very rare. The enthusiasm, hard work and responsiveness of the team are impressive. FOR THE ATTENTION OF THE PROGRAMME LEADER: The issues and good practice raised in this report should be incorporated within the relevant Programme Quality Enhancement Plan (PQEP) and a copy of the plan sent to the External Examiner (with a covering letter) and (unless the PQEP is on QualTrack) to by the end of November. Please return by to Last updated: 04/11/11 Page 7 of 7
External Examiner s Report Award and Programme Title(s) Date of report June 011 Academic year 010/11 University School or Centre (include identity of any partner organisation(s)) Instructions MA International
EDINBURGH NAPIER UNIVERSITY ETERNAL EAMINER REPORT 2011/12 All External Examiners are requested to fill in a report upon completion of their duties associated with first diet assessments each session.
UNDERGRADUATE: EXTERNAL EXAMINER REPORT TEMPLATE Please add your comments in the space provided in each section. After completion, please email the report to eternaleaminers@bathspa.ac.uk to arrive by
Programme Specification Foundation Degree (Arts) Business, Management and Communications Valid from: September 2014 Oxford Brookes University Faculty of Business / Abingdon & Witney College 1 SECTION 1:
P Programme Specification Foundation Degree (Arts) and Enterprise Valid from: September 2015 Oxford Brookes University Faculty of / (Activate Learning) Reading College 1 SECTION 1: GENERAL INFORMATION
If your answer is no, please provide a brief statement (bullet points) of the respect(s) in which they fall short.
FdA Animation External Examiner s report summary Please indicate in the relevant boxes below whether you agree with the statements about the standards of Leeds Metropolitan University s awards, the standards
Procedure Review Process for University Departments and Academic Partnerships Contents Introduction... 3 Purpose of Review... 4 Stages of the Review Process... 5 Membership of the Review Panel... 5 Areas
Programme Specification. Foundation Degree in Computing. Valid from: Faculty of Technology, Design and the Environment Abingdon and Witney College
LEEDS BECKETT UNIVERSITY Course Specification MSc Sport and Exercise Science 2016-17 (SEMSC) Our courses undergo a process of review periodically, in addition to annual review and enhancement. Course Specifications
Foundation Degree (Arts) International Programme Specification Programme Code: 2C44 Programme valid from September 2014 Valid for delivery at: University of Derby Derby College (from September 2015) CONTENTS
MA in Education (Dance Teaching) 1. Awarding Body University of Bath (subject to final agreement) 2. Teaching Institution (if different) 3. Final Award MA in Education (Dance Teaching) 4. Programme title/route/pathway
Assessment Policy 1 Introduction This document has been written by the National Foundation for Educational Research (NFER) to provide policy makers, researchers, teacher educators and practitioners with
Honours Degree (top-up) Business Abbreviated Programme Specification Containing Both Core + Supplementary Information
School of Design, Management and Technical Arts Bachelor of Arts (Honours) Creative Lighting Control Programme Specification 6 May 2011 (Updated August 2014) Introduction: What are programme specifications?
Programme Specification BA (Hons) International Date of Publication to Students: 2012/13 NOTE: This specification provides a concise summary of the main features of the course and the learning outcomes
BA Hons Sports Business, Sponsorship and Advertising. Design, Media & ManagementDesign, Media & Management
PROGRAMME SPECIFICATION This Programme Specification is correct as of the date indicated; however, minor amendments may be made throughout the year and will be incorporated in the annual updating process.
BA Business and Management For students entering Part 1 in 2013/4 Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: Relevant QAA subject Benchmarking group(s): Faculty: Programme length: Date of specification:
This course will be delivered at the University of Worcester, via a standard taught programme supported by some on-line support and discussion.
BA Business and Management For students entering Part 1 in 2014/5 Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: Relevant QAA subject Benchmarking group(s): Faculty: Programme length: Date of specification:
CIM Level 4 Certificate in Professional Marketing Digital Marketing (2103) Mark scheme December 2014 Portfolio The portfolio comprises SIX compulsory tasks Task 1 is worth 5 marks Task 2 is worth 15 marks
PG Dip/MSc Specialist Community Public Health Nursing School Nursing 2013/14 External Examiner s report summary Please indicate in the relevant boxes below whether you agree with the statements about the
1. Introduction and Overview Relationship Manager (Banking) Assessment Plan The Relationship Manager (Banking) is an apprenticeship that takes 3-4 years to complete and is at a Level 6. It forms a key
Programme Specification (Postgraduate) Date amended: 12 April 2012 1. Programme Title(s): MSc Educational Leadership (School Business Managers) 2. Awarding body or institution: University of Leicester
ACADEMIC AWARD REGULATIONS Framework and Regulations for Professional Doctorates. Approval for this regulation given by :
ACADEMIC AWARD REGULATIONS Framework and Regulations for Professional Doctorates Name of regulation : Purpose of regulation : Approval for this regulation given by : Responsibility for its update : Regulation
The educational aims provide the over-arching structure to the course, together with also establishing its key philosophical underpinnings.
University of Pittsburgh at Bradford Competencies for Elementary and Secondary Student Teachers Student Teacher: S.S. #: Mentor Teacher: School: University Supervisor: Grade Level: Year: Semester: Evaluation
Programme Specification Programme Title: HND Computing and Website Development Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: Division and/or Faculty/Institute: Professional accreditation Final award(s):
EXTERNAL EXAMINER ANNUAL REPORT FORM Key points to note when completing your annual report Please produce your report within four weeks of the main assessment board meeting. Please check the External Examiner
MODULE CO-ORDINATOR HANDBOOK Collaborative Partners January 2012 GENERAL INFORMATION Who is this handbook for? This handbook is for staff working at collaborative partner organisations, who are responsible
Programme Specification including programme description Form QA3-2 GENERAL INFORMATION Awarding Institution//Body Teaching Institution Validated/Franchised (if appropriate) Programme accredited by (including
Foundation Degree (FDSc) Computer Engineering For students entering Year 1 in 2006 UCAS code: Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: Relevant QAA subject benchmarking group(s): Faculty of Science
Office of Quality, Standards and Partnerships Quality Assurance Manual Section 05 3 Periodic Academic Review Panel Member Guidance and Report Template This document sets out guidance for members of Periodic
Date of Revision: October 2012 October 2013 December 2014 (to include all teaching institutions & updated regulations & Blended Learning mode)
The process of assessing, recording and reporting is required to: Inform students, parents and teachers of attainment and progress being made by students in all areas of the curriculum. Allow realistic
LEEDS BECKETT UNIVERSITY Course Specification MA Physical Education 2016-17 (MPHYE) Our courses undergo a process of review periodically, in addition to annual review and enhancement. Course Specifications
Part One Programme PS/1 Specification 0 Brief descriptive summary The programme is designed for students employed in or preparing students for employment in the public and community services. The programme
Henley Business School. Henley Business School at Univ of Reading. Henley Business School Board of Studies for
BA Accounting and Business For students entering Part 1 in 2014/5 Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: Relevant QAA subject Benchmarking group(s): Faculty: Programme length: Date of specification:
BA (Hons) Contemporary Textiles (top up) BA (Hons) Contemporary Fashion (top up) BA (Hons) Contemporary Design for Interiors (top up) Abbreviated Programme Specification Containing Both Core + Supplementary
The use of design and problem solving with Foundation Year students Dr Roger Penlington School of Engineering and Technology, Northumbria University, UK ABSTRACT The Foundation Year serves to prepare a
The Cert HE is suitable for students aiming to work with children and young people from birth to nineteen.
Programme Specification Cert HE Working with Children and Families This specification provides a concise summary of the main features of the programme and the learning outcomes that a typical student might
Faculty of Education, Health and Sciences. PROGRAMME SPECIFICATION BA Applied Social Work. Valid from September 2012. www.derby.ac.
CAM Diploma (Level 4) 130 Web Analytics and Social Media Monitoring Assignment Brief and Mark Allocation April 2016 Candidates must answer ALL tasks. Business format and presentation is worth 10% of the
BA Accounting and Business For students entering Part 1 in 2012/3 Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: Relevant QAA subject Benchmarking group(s): Faculty: Programme length: Date of specification:
PGCert/PGDip/MA Education PGDip/Masters in Teaching and Learning (MTL) Programme Specifications Faculty of Education, Law and Social Sciences School of Education December 2011 Programme Specification PG
Teaching undergraduate sport students how to professionally network via social media using a Pebblepad platform Andrea Cameron, Carol Maxwell and James Cobley The modern university has a responsibility
DAQ Guide 9 December 2008 A Good Practice Guide to Accreditation of Prior Achievement (APA) This guide is for De Montfort University staff who want to introduce Accreditation of Prior Achievement (APA),
Student Course Guide NCEA Level One Accounting Otumoetai College Accounting is taught in Year 11 as an option which students will study over a period of one year for four periods per week. It is further
Assessment and Assignment Guide Undergraduate Courses within Nursing Studies. 2012/13 (New Curriculum)
Awarding body monitoring report for: English Speaking Board (International) Ltd (ESB) May 2009. Ofqual/09/4637
Awarding body monitoring report for: English Speaking Board (International) Ltd (ESB) May 2009 Ofqual/09/4637 2009 Office of the Qualifications and Examinations Regulator 2 Contents Introduction...4 Regulating
Programme Specification: PGCert /PGDip / MA Freelance Photography Date of Publication to Students [Enter date] NOTE: This specification provides a concise summary of the main features of the course and
Bishop Burton College Inspection report Provider reference 130584 Published date July 2009 Audience Post-sixteen Published date July 2009 Provider reference 130584 Inspection report: Bishop Burton College,
ASSESSMENT, RECORDING AND REPORTING(ARR) POLICY. Introduction The ARR Policy is closely linked to other key school policies (in particular: Teaching and Learning and Gifted and Talented) to ensure whole
University of Cambridge: Programme Specifications Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information in this programme specification. Programme specifications are produced and then reviewed
Programme Specification BSc (Hons) Sound Engineering and Design Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: The University of Bolton The University of Bolton and School of Sound Recording, Manchester Division
Programme Specification BSc (Hons) Games Programming with Foundation Awarding Institution: Teaching Institution: Division and/or Faculty/Institute: Professional accreditation The University of Bolton The
Guidance for Annual Monitoring 2014-15 Author Academic Quality Services Date created July 2015 Due for review July 2016 Approval route Quality Assurance and Enhancement Committee 1 P a g e Annual Monitoring
Programme Specification (Postgraduate) Date amended: 1. Programme Title(s): MA/Postgraduate Diploma*/Postgraduate Certificate* Intelligence and Security *approved as exit awards only 2. Awarding body or
Diploma in Executive Coaching and Behavioural Change Coaching is increasingly recognised as an integral element of professional and working life, in the pursuit of capable leaders, motivated staff, enhanced
Professional Diploma in Marketing 543 Project Management in Marketing Work-Based Project Brief and Mark Scheme March 2015 Candidates are required to choose ONE out of the following TWO project briefs:
National College for Leadership of Schools and Children s Services: seeking Master s level credit points for learning on National College programmes
Inspiring leaders to improve children s lives National College for Leadership of Schools and Children s Services: seeking Master s level credit points for learning on National College programmes Overview
Consortium for Faculty Diversity at Liberal Arts Colleges. Fellowship Program G U I D E L I N E S O N M E N T O R I N G - PDF
Consortium for Faculty Diversity at Liberal Arts Colleges. Fellowship Program G U I D E L I N E S O N M E N T O R I N G
Download "Consortium for Faculty Diversity at Liberal Arts Colleges. Fellowship Program G U I D E L I N E S O N M E N T O R I N G"
1 Consortium for Faculty Diversity at Liberal Arts Colleges Fellowship Program G U I D E L I N E S O N M E N T O R I N G
2 The Consortium for Faculty Diversity at Liberal Arts Colleges (CFD) Program The Consortium for Faculty Diversity at Liberal Arts Colleges (CFD) Program was established in 1987 with two purposes: to increase the diversity of the student applicant pool at liberal arts colleges and to increase the diversity of the applicant pool for faculty positions. In 1996 the part of the program directed toward student admissions was dropped and the program became focused solely on helping to increase the diversity of the applicant pools for pre-doctoral and post-doctoral fellowship opportunities at liberal arts colleges. Currently, the immediate aim of the CFD Program is to assist and support diverse scholars in the early stages of their careers. The further aim of the program is to increase the pool of diverse scholars who will have firsthand experience teaching at liberal arts colleges and, in addition to being strong teacher/scholars wherever they go, may, indeed, choose to consider positions at member institutions of the consortium or at similar institutions as these positions become available. Ideally, the liberal arts environment should emerge as a diverse laboratory for dynamic and productive experiments in teaching. On the broadest scale, we look to serve academia as a whole by helping to support and train the next generation of teacher/scholars. The CFD Fellowship Program provides a supported transition for Fellows moving from graduate school to teaching in a liberal arts environment by (1) enabling pre-doctoral Fellows to complete their dissertations in a timely fashion; (2) enabling post-doctoral Fellows to submit work for timely peer review, e.g., in publications; and (3) providing guidance, feedback, and opportunities for reflection, conversation and community in teaching. Mentoring and professional development are key elements in achieving both goals. These Guidelines for Mentoring are the first of their sort for this program and are a result of past participant evaluation and an ongoing investigation as to how the program is administered and experienced across institutions. The Guidelines assume that its users are familiar with and committed to the tenets of CFD and the many reasons why faculty diversity is important to American higher education and liberal arts colleges, in particular. The colleges involved in this consortium believe that education is most effective in a learning community that includes different perspectives and different points of view we learn most when our assumptions and points of view are challenged by alternatives, causing us to think deeply and critically about principles, assumptions, what information is relevant, and how to reason to a conclusion. Indeed, this commitment is at the heart of this program. Everyone benefits when the program is successful. Students benefit from the opportunity to take new courses, and from a learning environment with a more diverse range of instructors and scholarship. Expanded departmental offerings should create opportunities for existing faculty members to teach new courses and/or co-teach with a CFD Fellow in an area of mutual or overlapping interest. The presence of the Fellows on campus and within a specific department stimulates the intellectual community in general and specific ways, and presents an array of possible research and creative collaborations. Page 1
3 Guidelines for Mentorship Relationships in the CFD Fellowship Program Introduction A successful CFD Fellowship year is likely to be as varied as are the CFD Fellows and their institutional hosts. A successful CFD Fellow-Mentor relationship is likely as varied as are CFD Fellows and Mentors. According to feedback from past participants, however, all successful fellowship appointments and mentoring relationships share common features: Deans/Provosts of the hosting institution act as first and last point of contact for the Fellow, and properly prepare Mentors, Host Departments, Fellows and the campus community-at-large for the high priority the program is accorded within the institution. The Deans/Provosts coordinate other activities and support, including office and computer assignments, research resources, general orientation and faculty development workshops, job preparation workshops, among others. CFD Fellows are encouraged from the beginning of the process to take an active role in constructing and pursuing research and teaching, and their professional and personal goals over the course of the fellowship year(s); and Mentors provide active and explicit partnership and guidance about opportunities and feedback to help the Fellows attain their goals. These guidelines seek to identify the structural elements at play in creating this lively and supportive experience and provide recommendations of best practices for all who are involved in the process. Overview of Responsibilities Clear expectations: The Office of the Provost/Dean is responsible for informing all participating parties, including the Department, Mentor, Fellow, faculty orientation and faculty development coordinators, and campus as a whole, about the opportunities inherent in the CFD Program: namely, how it reflects and engages the values and commitments of the institution, and about the expectations that the College and the Consortium have for the Mentor about support and mentorship for each Fellow. Welcome: Departments should be fully aware of, in contact with, and welcoming of the Fellow; apprised of the Fellow s Mentor; clear about what courses are being taught by the Fellow; and satisfied that logistics of office and computer assignment are met. Active Engagement: Mentors should contact Fellows early ideally before they arrive on campus, and then regularly at a rate of their own mutual, combined determination. The relationship between the Fellow and Mentor is integral to the success of the CFD program, establishing a rhythm and agenda that responds to the Fellow s particular academic pedagogical, professional, and personal goals, needs, interests, and position, especially as it relates to completion of the dissertation and/or subsequent research/creative work. Follow-though: In addition to extending to the Fellows the range of support offered to other new faculty members (welcoming and orientation programs, lunches, logistical support, etc), the dean/provost should take special care to ensure that the Fellow Page 2
4 receives this support and the additional mentored attention that is specific to the program. Institutional transparency: If there is a prospect for a CFD Fellowship position to be converted into a term or a tenure-track position, expectations should be clear and explicit so Fellows (now candidates) and Mentors can appropriately adjust to the circumstances. Since most CFD Fellows will eventually be job candidates, whether internal or not, support and priority for preparation for job searches should be given Conflict resolution: An explicit protocol for resolving disputes and misunderstandings should be made available to all parties by the Office of the Provost/Dean to address breakdowns within the process and/or between the Fellow/Mentor. Selection and Recruiting CFD Fellows Mapping the Mentorship: Best Practices The first phase of establishing a relationship with the CFD Fellow is in the selection and recruiting process. That process needs to fit well into the campus culture and process for recruiting faculty members, and establish a strong sense of commitment and involvement on the part of the potential host department or program that the Fellow will join. In December, the campus will receive copies of the applications of all applicants for a CFD Fellowship along with information on the disciplinary interests of the Fellows (as provided by the applicants). The specific process of selection and then recruiting must be specific to the practices of the campus, but some common practices are as follows. In all cases, regardless of variation of procedure during the selection process, the campus and department or program should develop a plan for mentoring the Fellow, should an offer be made and accepted. Many campuses provide access to all of the relevant applications to each department and program and invite the departments and programs to make proposals to host particular fellows. At some campuses invitations to candidates for interviews are conditioned on preliminary indications by the host department or program about the connections that are envisioned with the interests of the candidate and specific nominations of potential mentors for the teaching and scholarly or creative work of the candidate. At some campuses certain departments or programs are pre-selected as having high priority for a fellowship appointment and then the relevant applications are shared with those departments or programs. The campus process may involve competition between departments for permission to recruit a fellow, or the priorities for where fellows may be appointed could be determined in advance. Typically the department or program will contact potential fellows with authorization from the dean/provost and discuss their interest in the potential position prior to arranging an interview. Usually an on-campus interview occurs before an offer is made. While the on-campus interview would have many similarities to that for a regular faculty position, it is also appropriate to be sensitive to the phase of career of the candidate (just starting the dissertation, well along with dissertation, already postdoctoral, etc.) For instance an informal discussion of the scope of the scholarly project might make more sense than a formal presentation of a finished product for a Page 3
5 candidate early her or his scholarly career. In the interview the candidate might meet with current or past fellows, others with similar scholarly interests, etc. In the interview it is important for the campus to make clear whether or not the fellowship is simply a one-year fellowship, whether there is a prospect of renewal of the fellowship, and whether a full-time term or tenure track position might evolve from the fellowship. Managing expectations of the institution, department and the fellow are critically important to developing and maintaining a good relationship. Assessing the fit to the campus expectations for teaching, scholarship and other duties is critically important for a successful appointment. If an offer is made, it should be consistent with the expectations of the CFD program (salary, teaching and scholarly expectations, etc.) Just as in regular faculty offers, there will be substantial variation from campus to campus, so being as specific as possible about salary and benefits, support for scholarly work and development, teaching duties, involvement in nonteaching duties, etc., is important. After the Fellowship has been awarded: The CFD Mentor The Dean/Provost is responsible for ensuring the selection and appointment of one or more mentors securing for each CFD Fellow. A Mentor is a faculty colleague that is willing, interested and appropriate for the Fellow s prospective teaching and ongoing scholarly and creative work. Effort should be made to match compatible, if not similar, areas of specialization. This Mentor should be appropriately recognized according to the rules for each institution. Ideally, the Mentor: has had some role in the Fellow s interview/hiring process; facilitates opportunities for collegial relationships and professional development on campus and within the wider academic community In some cases, institutions have met the needs of the Fellow by arranging multiple mentors -- sometimes delineated as a research mentor, a teaching mentor, and a community mentor. While the benefits of such a model are many, and such diversification of support may be necessary and even encouraged, the Dean/Provost and Host Department must ensure that adequate support and recognition is afforded to each assigned Mentor. Surveys indicate that often when there are several mentors, one is privileged in terms of support or recognition, to the detriment of the relationships provided by the others. Before the Fellow Arrives: Groundwork Surveys indicate that successful Fellow-Mentor relationships correlate to the establishment of early communication before the Fellow arrives and subsequent follow-up when the Fellow joins the campus community. To this end, we recommend that the Mentor the Fellow as soon as their relationship has been secured in order to provide initial contact and suggestions for first steps. Page 4
6 Logistics Mentors, should be in touch with the Host Department and Dean/Provost, to help ensure that: arrangements are made for a suitably equipped office in the Fellow s host department or other relevant location, including computer equipment and other office supplies, as well as appropriate keys, login access, etc.) information about local housing options are sent to the Fellow, along with the basic campus and community orientation materials Teaching During an initial series of s, phone calls, and/or meetings, the Teaching and Research expectations, commitments and goals those of the Fellow and the institution should be discussed and established in writing to the extent that all parties are satisfied with the map. It is recommended that the document include expectations about such things as: course load; course preparation; on campus requirements and availability for campus involvement; travel and/or other support for professional development (including the completion of the dissertation and job applications) and research. Course Load: The Fellow s course load is appropriate and fitting. Course assignment should in general serve the needs of both the Fellow and the institution, with priority given to the needs of the Fellow. For example, a Mentor might suggest that rather than having the Fellow teach an introductory course, the Fellow might better serve the students, the department, and themselves by teaching a seminar-like class related to the dissertation. On the other hand, given the needs of all parties, the same argument can be made for teaching core and/or introductory courses. It is recommended that opportunities to team-teach with existing faculty members also be explored. The Mentor should also ensure that no additional teaching is assigned, nor invited, beyond the terms initially proposed (typically one course for pre-doctoral Fellows and two courses for postdoctoral Fellows). Course Preparation: Fellows should receive guidance while preparing the course syllabus. For Fellows teaching in their first semester, initial course preparation will be done before arriving at campus -- the Fellow should be trusted to design her/his own course, but advice is appropriate about local norms for the amount and level of difficulty of readings; requirements for passing a course (weight of various projects, class attendance); standards for grading and expectations for substantial comments and perhaps reading a re-write; and norms for office hours. contact should be regular between department members and the Mentor and Fellow, especially in the case that a Fellow is teaching a departmental core course. Attention to mutual benefit: the creative structures that might support a Fellow also benefit the Mentor. For example, co-teaching with a Fellow might reduce a mentor s teaching load, allow the mentor to experiment with new course material while also simultaneously providing an ideal situation to observe the Fellow s teaching, to discuss different pedagogical approaches, to address problems and strengths as they come up. Ideally, supporting a Fellow only enhances the intellectual life of the Mentor. Peer observation of teaching is often an effective way to gain perspective on pedagogical choices and the effectiveness of pedagogical methods. Mentors should encourage Fellows to observe classes of faculty colleagues and should encourage the Fellows to invite colleagues to observe their teaching. Page 5
7 Research and Community Commitments Expectations regarding the completion of a dissertation and/or subsequent scholarship/creative work should be stated clearly and definitively. Emphasis on completed work should be spelled out as the primary aim of the fellowship. With the support and guidance of their Mentor and host department, the Fellow will need to learn to balance time put into writing and scholarship alongside participation in campus life, including committees, meetings, informal advising, organization of special events, even study groups. The Mentor (after consultation with the dean/provost) should ensure that expectations are clear for the Fellow, the dean/provost and department members regarding an on-campus presence. For example, how often must the Fellows come to the office on campus (daily, all day, weekly)? Are extended absences (a week or more at a time) permitted? What are the expectations for collegial activities (weekly department lunches; meetings of an interdisciplinary group; new faculty orientation; etc)? Is it acceptable if the Fellow stays home and writes offcampus, only coming in to teach and hold a few office hours? Each CFD Fellow might have a different relationship to the campus; a mutual agreement should be established from the start about what the expectations are for this relationship, at its basic level. During the Fellowship Residency: Ongoing Engagement and Career Support It is recommended that after the initial period of orientation, the Mentor and Fellow establish a structured and regular method of communication revisiting and discussing initial goals and concerns established by the Fellow. Ongoing engagement and support ideally will center around these goals, as well as checking in about (1) the experience of the CFD Fellowship, (2) progress toward completion of scholarly projects, (3) pedagogical issues and teaching (including class observation), and (4) strategies for going on the job market. Toward the ongoing support of the Fellow, the Mentor can engage in the following suggested aspects of career support: Facilitating contacts with relevant colleagues, within and outside the department. Introduce her/him and make sure others know of the presence of the Fellow. Arrange for the Fellow to give a campus or conference lecture early on, so others learn of research interests; Organizing peer review groups and reading and critiquing drafts of dissertation chapters, or conference paper (or finding others to do so); Organizing a symposium or lecture (perhaps involving the dissertation advisor); Participating in the selection (if appropriate) of new Fellows; Supervising senior theses; Dining weekly with students in ethnic centers on campus; Participating in job searches within the department or in departmental reviews; Mentoring existing students or meeting with prospective students of color. Encouraging and facilitating visits to departments or programs at peer institutions. Page 6
8 Toward the support of the Fellow s teaching experience, the Mentor can: Provide constructive feedback on lecturing, class presentation, and discussion leading skills. A Mentor might arrange to visit classes periodically and arrange for the Fellow to visit her/his own classes, or those of other established teachers. This will equip the Mentors and other members of the host institution to write useful letters of reference for the Fellows once they commence the job search process. Provide support for interpreting and discussing student course evaluations. Discuss openly problems most teachers encounter at one time or another: inappropriate student behavior towards each other or towards the faculty member (non-stop talking, racial- or gender-inflected statements). Toward supporting a Fellow s whole person, a Mentor might offer relevant integrative advice or support, such as: Introducing Fellows to each other (in the case that more than one CFD Fellow is hosted at one time) and to other pre/postdocs on campus. Acknowledging that academics have personal lives offering support or context for issues with partners, especially those in long-distance relationships; for dual-academic couples; issues around parenting; for those single without a significant other, etc. Discussing issues that might come up with extra-curricular relationships with students. Review your institution s policies on personal relationships between faculty members and students and underline the multiple dangers of developing favorites (or even being perceived as doing so). Being a person who represents the diversity in a community in which there is very little diversity among students and/or faculty members and in a community where there may or may not be familiar sources of affirmation (e.g., religious groups, social life, personal services, food sources, dining options, civic organizations, etc.). Being on a small campus at some distance from a city, maybe in an unfamiliar part of the country, can be disorienting to anyone. Toward the support of a Fellow on the Job Market: Provide administrative perspective: it has been widely appreciated when Deans/Provosts resume an active role in this area, providing information about what the job search looks like from the administration s side. If the primary Mentor is not in a position to write an effective letter of reference, that can attest to scholarly and teaching effectiveness, be sure to arrange for someone who can. Share information as necessary: Where are job listings, how are applications screened and candidates notified, where and how are preliminary interviews conducted? How are campus visits handled: who interviews (provost/dean, department colleagues, students), who makes the decision? What should a candidate accomplish in a job talk or a sample class? What should a candidate ask in order to decide whether to accept an offer? Arrange for the Fellow to give a mock job talk and critique its effectiveness. Offer to read an application letter, C.V., and writing sample. Stage a mock interview. Page 7
9 A Mentor should help any Fellow who ends up being an internal candidate for a subsequent job at the host institution. It is imperative that institutions be clear from the outset about prospects for the fellowship converting into a full-time term or tenure-track job, or for the Fellow being a candidate for a position in either case, the Fellowship year should be carefully protected from becoming year-long job interview. Fellows report great confusion over the variation that exists among institutions: some have resources for moving successful Fellows into new, special-opportunity tenure lines, some assign Fellows to departments where they expect retirements (but then also do national searches), some know they will not be able to keep the individual beyond the term of the fellowship, some suggest the possibility of a tenure-track position, but it never materializes. Since Fellows are encourage to be in touch with each other, one should assume that institutional differences are know; this is all the more reason to be clear about the situation for each Fellow at the host institution. In addition to being up front about prospects for a given fellowship, it is also important that fellows who do become internal candidates for a job understand that they will be treated fairly, are told what will be expected of them, how they will be evaluated and what, if any, their role is in the search: meeting other candidates? hearing their talks? being expected to hide on the days when candidates are on campus? After the Residency is completed: At the end of each Fellowship year, the CFD administrative office sends an evaluation form to each Fellow. The information from these evaluation forms is compiled by the administrative office and the information is circulated in the next year as a part of the Annual report. On each campus, it is essential that the Fellow have exit interviews with someone in the dean s/provost s office, someone in the host department, and with the Mentor(s). The exit interviews should focus on what worked well in the Fellow s year on campus, what did not work well, and what could be done to improve the experience of the Fellowship year. Sharing this information should be a prerequisite to developing better experiences for future Fellows. Page 8
Department of Environmental Science, Policy, and Geography Bylaws. Article I. The Department of Environmental Science, Policy and Geography
Department of Environmental Science, Policy, and Geography Bylaws Passed: 1 December 2006 Revised: February, 2007; February, 2008; April, 2008; August, 2008; October 8th, 2009; The Department of Environmental
GRADUATE PROGRAM REVIEW POLICY Texas Southern University The Purposes of Graduate Program Review Graduate program review at Texas Southern University exists to ensure that programs are functioning at the
Approved: 2/23/099 Department of History Policy 1.1 Faculty Evaluation Evaluation Procedures 1. The Department of History will evaluate all tenured and non-tenure faculty by March 1 of each academic year
University Of Alaska Anchorage College Of Health Department Of Human Services Criteria and Guidelines For Faculty Evaluation This document is to be used in conjunction with the UNAC and UAFT Collective
Introduction: The Clinical Faculty College of Education Clinical Faculty Appointment and Promotion Criteria Provost Approved 11/11/11 In accordance with University guidelines most professional programs
Department of Psychology Policies and Procedures Revised by Faculty Vote February 8, 2012 PsychByLaws_gm_04292012.doc This document describes the policies and procedures by which the Department of Psychology
APSU College of Business Policy for Faculty Retention, Tenure, Promotion & Annual Review of Tenured Faculty. For Review by Faculty, August 2013
APSU College of Business Policy for Faculty Retention, Tenure, Promotion & Annual Review of Tenured Faculty For Review by Faculty, August 2013 Teaching Faculty members are expected to engage in a process
University of Delaware College of Health Sciences Department of Behavioral Health and Nutrition GUIDELINES FOR PROMOTION, TENURE AND REVIEW I. INTRODUCTION The mission of the Department of Behavioral Health
1 Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey School of Nursing Legacy CON Faculty Appointment, Reappointment, and Promotion of Clinical Track Faculty (Policy 60.5.10) Individuals whose status is qualified
BYLAWS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF PSYCHOLOGY COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, RENO Approved by the Department Faculty on May 16, 2008 Approved by the Dean of the College of Liberal Arts on March
This policy applies to Faculty only. Appointment Types APPOINTMENT TO AND PROMOTION OF ACADEMIC STAFF In policies, practices, and procedures related to faculty appointments, the University shall not engage
Assessment Plan PhD in English & Comparative Literature, University of Cincinnati March 2015 Program Overview: Graduate studies in English at the University of Cincinnati began in 1906, and by 1913, the
Ph.D. in International Conflict Management (INCM) Program Governance Document Program Vision To become the leading doctoral program preparing scholar-practitioners for the complex challenges of preventing,
DEPARTMENT OF POLITICAL SCIENCE MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY PH.D. HANDBOOK Last Updated, September 2010 1 INTRODUCTION One of the main missions of the Department of Political Science at MSU is the education
Mentoring Advice for Doctoral Students What is Mentoring? Mentoring is a timeless concept with roots in ancient history. The word mentor comes from The Odyssey by the Greek poet Homer. When Odysseus, King
1. INTRODUCTION Washkewicz College of Engineering Requirements and Procedures for Tenure & Promotion This document governs promotions in the Washkewicz College of Engineering (WCE) from Assistant Professor
Engineering Technology Department Bylaws 2011 ARTICLE l. DEPARTMENTAL MEMBERSHIP 1.1 Membership in the Engineering Technology Department consists of all persons holding academic rank in the department.
LLED Doctoral Program Requirements Students are responsible for information on the Graduate School website. See, especially the Graduate Bulletin and the Graduate School s Academic Regulations & Procedures
DEPARTMENT PLAN. The Department of Counseling, Educational, and Developmental Psychology. College of Education and Human Development
Criteria for the Appointment, Promotion, and Tenure of Faculty CONTENTS: 1. General Policy 2. Tenure 3. Appointments & Promotion 4. Procedure for Granting Promotion and/or Tenure 5. Right of Response 1.
SCHOOL OF MASS COMMUNICATIONS STATEMENT ON GOVERNANCE Preamble This document is guided principally by a common belief in shared governance at all levels, intent on creating trust and collegiality and aimed
The Graduate School: A Model to Enhance Quantity and Quality in PhD Production Maresi Nerad South African PhD Panel Report October 2009 South Africa s universities are confronted with two major challenges.
C. HIRING PROCESS FOR FACULTY AND ACADEMIC PROFESSIONALS This document details the process for hiring faculty and academic professionals. Under the process, deans have the discretion to delegate approval
SELF-STUDY FORMAT FOR REVIEW OF EXISTING DEGREE PROGRAMS Although programs engage in continual self-assessment and review of their work, periodic program reviews are designed to provide a broader view
Thinking About a PhD? Finding a Research PhD Program This presentation has been compiled and adapted from Schuele and Bacon (2001) and several presentations at the ASHA Convention from 1999 to 2003. Appreciation
Excellence in Graduate Education: Programmatic Issues William G. Roy, the Committee on Degree Programs, and the Graduate Council Excellence in graduate education depends upon outstanding performance at
May 18, 2006 The policies that govern instructors and clinical faculty members appear in the Faculty Manual, Section V. Policies and Procedures for Temporary Faculty. The answers below elaborate, rather
Graduate Group in Nursing Science & Health-Care Leadership Bylaws Administrative Home: Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing Approved by Graduate Council: May 6, 2009 ARTICLE I. OBJECTIVE The Nursing Science
Interviews for academic jobs take many forms, from phone and Skype conversations to the brief 45-minute interview at a major convention to longer campus visits of one or two days. Whatever the interview
Graduate Student HANDBOOK Rehabilitation Counseling Program 2014-2015 Dear Rehabilitation Counseling Students, On behalf of the Rehabilitation Counseling faculty, staff, and second year students, I would
School of Social Work Stephen F. Austin State University Policy Revisions: Policy and Procedure for Awarding Promotion, Tenure, and Merit This policy and procedure for awarding promotion, tenure, and merit
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA College of Nursing Approved UCTP April 6, 2011 1 Criteria and Procedures for Tenure and Promotion Review, Post Tenure Review and Tenure Track and Tenured Faculty Annual Review
Graduate Handbook of the Mathematics Department North Dakota State University May 5, 2015 Graduate Program Policies and Handbook 1 Graduate Committee Voting members of the Graduate Committee are the Graduate
Teaching Associate and Certificate in University Teaching Programs Department of Chemistry Syracuse University
Teaching Associate and Certificate in University Teaching Programs Department of Chemistry Syracuse University Program Prospectus Revised 2/22/2003 I. Introduction. The vision of Syracuse University as
School of Accounting Florida International University Strategic Plan 2012-2017 As Florida International University implements its Worlds Ahead strategic plan, the School of Accounting (SOA) will pursue
faculty evaluation/1 M. CRITERIA FOR FACULTY EVALUATION 1. General Criteria: The professional lives of college faculty members traditionally have been characterized by expectations in the broad categories
Call for Proposals Next Generation Faculty Program Introduction Traditional faculty hiring at Georgia State University has focused upon the important task of building disciplinary-specific scholarly depth
Academic Designations Criteria and Standards School of Social Work and the Human Service Department. The Human Service Department
DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL WORK CRITERIA FOR TENURE AND PROMOTION REVIEWED AND APPROVED FEBRUARY 2013 SOWO Tenure/Promotion 1 February 2013 Promotion and Tenure The University policy and procedures are clearly
Department of Criminal Justice, Social & Political Science Faculty Mentoring Program The purpose of the Criminal Justice, Social & Political Science Department mentoring program is to facilitate the successful
Oklahoma State University Policy and Procedures ANNUAL FACULTY APPRAISAL AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM 2-0112 ACADEMIC AFFAIRS September 2015 POLICY 1.01 A review of faculty activities and accomplishments for
Policy on Evaluation of Department Chairs and Faculty Chair Evaluation. Each school will put in place an evaluation process for department chairs and, modified as needed, for heads of divisions or sections
WHAT IS AN ADVISOR? A Guidance Counselor? An advisor is kind of like a guidance counselor: S/he can help you make decisions about your classes and your future. S/he can answer questions and help you find
Department of Marketing Promotion and Tenure Guidelines February 2011 I. Overview This document describes expectations for all tenured and tenure track faculty in the Department of Marketing to supplement
A NEW (RENEWABLE) NON TENURE TRACK POSITION Last updated: January 2016 (Adapted from Revised Policies and Procedures for Non Tenure Track Faculty, September 2015) BACKGROUND The mission of Morehouse College
Graduate Teaching and Learning Program Overview Welcome to the Graduate Teaching and Learning (GTL) program, an initiative of the Faculty of Graduate Studies and Research (FGSR) and participating departments
Bylaws of the Department of Agricultural Education and Communication University of Florida Approved October 7, 2009
Bylaws of the Department of Agricultural Education and Communication University of Florida Approved October 7, 2009 Vision To lead in developing and strengthening educators, communicators, and leaders
Deploying Professionally Qualified Faculty: An Interpretation of AACSB Standards An AACSB White Paper issued by:
Deploying Professionally Qualified Faculty: An Interpretation of AACSB Standards An AACSB White Paper issued by: AACSB Accreditation Coordinating Committee AACSB Accreditation Quality Committee January
Department of Art and Design Governance Document Approved 4-9-2003 I. Preamble The Faculty of the Department of Art and Design subscribes to the principles of shared governance, as elaborated by the Faculty
UMD Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Indices and Standards for Tenure and Promotion to Professor as Required by Section 7.12 of the Board of Regents Policy on Faculty Tenure (June 10,
Environmental Science/ Environmental Geology M. S. Program Learning Goals Obtain advanced knowledge in geoscience and environmental science Upon graduation: have acquired advanced knowledge in earth sciences,
About The Job. Department of Journalism Studies Faculty of Social Sciences University Teacher in Journalism Pursue the extraordinary Overview The Faculty of Social Sciences is a large and diverse grouping
Guide to Hosting an On-Campus Internship On-Campus Academic Internships at St. John's Academic Internships are a wonderful way for full and part-time students to gain career-related experience while attending
JOB DESCRIPTION POST: Lecturer/Senior Lecturer in Forensic Psychology DATE: September 2015 FACULTY: Humanities and Social Sciences POST NO: HSS-J25 START DATE: December 2015 SALARY RANGE: Lecturer Grade
The Faculty of the Department of Cinema have ultimate responsibility for the curriculum and for making recommendations regarding hiring, retention, tenure, and promotion, subject to University regulations
Do Students Understand Liberal Arts Disciplines? WHAT IS THE EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE of the curricular breadth encouraged at liberal arts institutions?
One important educational outcome should be for students to develop accurate perceptions of the disciplines they study DONALD E. ELMORE, JULIA C. PRENTICE, AND CAROL TROSSET Do Students Understand Liberal
NOTE: This meeting was canceled due to inclement weather. GRADUATE COUNCIL AGENDA for Thursday, December 14, 2000 at 2:00 p.m. Old Main 523 1. Minutes for the November 16, 2000, Graduate Council meeting
Requirements for Fulltime Tenure Track Faculty Requirements for Fulltime Clinical Track Faculty Requirements for Part-time Faculty, Volunteer Faculty and Preceptors Requirements for Emeritus Appendix A:
College of Medicine Promotion and Tenure Procedure FLORIDA ATLANTIC UNIVERSITY Approved by majority vote of College Faculty March 25, 2014 Table of Contents Introduction... 1 Governance... 1 a. Membership...
G E N E R A L I N F O R M A T I O N F O R G R A D U A T E S T U D E N T S This supersedes previous announcements by the Department of Philosophy. All regulations are to be interpreted in conformity with
POLICY ON TEACHING ASSOCIATES. This policy is intended to provide a guide to appointment, classification, and evaluation of Teaching Associates.
POLICY ON TEACHING ASSOCIATES This policy is intended to provide a guide to appointment, classification, and evaluation of Teaching Associates. I. DEFINITIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 1. "Teaching Associate"
Department of Wildlife, Fisheries, & Conservation Biology The Department of Wildlife, Fisheries, & Conservation Biology in the College of Natural Sciences, Forestry and Agriculture offers graduate study
A. Contributions to Teaching Department of Child & Family Development Promotion and Tenure Guidelines November 2004 The Standard Teaching communicates knowledge to students and develops in them the desire
APPENDIX 2.A POLICIES CONCERNING ADJUNCT FACULTY The University recognizes the benefit both to the University and to students of instruction by adjunct faculty. The university also recognizes that it cannot
CONSTITUTION Department of Literature College of Arts and Sciences American University Revised April 2012 MISSION STATEMENT The Literature Department s mission is twofold: to foster awareness of the fact
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN MAINE COLLEGE OF NURSING AND HEALTH PROFESSIONS PEER REVIEW The College of Nursing and Health Professions Peer Review Process follows requirements stipulated in the AFUM contract
South Mission Statement South University is a private academic institution dedicated to providing educational opportunities for the intellectual, social, and professional development of a diverse student
MPH Program Policies and Procedures Manual Curriculum and Advising Academic Advising Academic advisors are appointed by the chairs, in consultation with the MPH Director Curriculum Decisions All changes
Guidelines for Graduate Teaching Assistantships and Instructional Assistants at The George Washington University
Guidelines for Graduate Teaching Assistantships and Instructional Assistants at The George Washington University Graduate assistantships are merit-based graduate student assistance that provide financial
Department of Fashion and Interior Design Policy on Merit Ratings Accepted October 21, 2009 Full-time faculty are expected to participate in the activities of Teaching, Scholarly Activity, and Service.
I. Unit Definition (size, disciplines, majors, etc.) The Environmental Management (ESRM) program comprises the faculty appointed in the areas of Environmental Management. The ESRM program houses one degree
1 October 2007 Dual High Performance, High Fidelity Audio Operational Amplifier General Description The is part of the ultra-low distortion, low noise, high slew rate operational amplifier series optimized and fully specified for high performance, high fidelity applications. Combining advanced leading-edge process technology with state-of-the-art circuit design, the audio operational amplifiers deliver superior audio signal amplification for outstanding audio performance. The combines extremely low voltage noise density (2.7nV/ Hz) with vanishingly low THD+N ( %) to easily satisfy the most demanding audio applications. To ensure that the most challenging loads are driven without compromise, the has a high slew rate of ±20V/μs and an output current capability of ±26mA. Further, dynamic range is maximized by an output stage that drives 2kΩ loads to within 1V of either power supply voltage and to within 1.4V when driving 600Ω loads. The 's outstanding CMRR (120dB), PSRR (120dB), and V OS (0.1mV) give the amplifier excellent operational amplifier DC performance. The has a wide supply range of ±2.5V to ±17V. Over this supply range the s input circuitry maintains excellent common-mode and power supply rejection, as well as maintaining its low input bias current. The is unity gain stable. This Audio Operational Amplifier achieves outstanding AC performance while driving complex loads with values as high as 100pF. The is available in 8 lead narrow body SOIC, 8 lead Plastic DIP, and 8 lead Metal Can TO-99. Demonstration boards are available for each package. Key Specifications Power Supply Voltage Range ±2.5V to ±17V THD+N (A V = 1, V OUT = 3V RMS, f IN = 1kHz) Typical Application Input Noise Density Slew Rate Gain Bandwidth Product Open Loop Gain () Input Bias Current Input Offset Voltage % (typ) % (typ) 2.7nV/ Hz (typ) ±20V/μs (typ) 55MHz (typ) 140dB (typ) 10nA (typ) 0.1mV (typ) DC Gain Linearity Error % Features Easily drives 600Ω loads Optimized for superior audio signal fidelity Output short circuit protection PSRR and CMRR exceed 120dB (typ) SOIC, DIP, TO-99 metal can packages Applications Ultra high quality audio amplification High fidelity preamplifiers High fidelity multimedia State of the art phono pre amps High performance professional audio High fidelity equalization and crossover networks High performance line drivers High performance line receivers High fidelity active filters Dual High Performance, High Fidelity Audio Operational Amplifier Passively Equalized RIAA Phono Preamplifier k National Semiconductor Corporation
4 Symbol Parameter Conditions A VOL V OUTMAX Open Loop Voltage Gain Maximum Output Voltage Swing Typical Limit (Note 6) (Note 7) 10V<Vout<10V, V<Vout<10V, V<Vout<10V, R L = 10kΩ 140 ±13.6 ±12.5 ±14.0 R L = 10kΩ ±14.1 Units (Limits) db (min) V (min) I OUT Output Current, V S = ±17V ±26 ±23 ma (min) I OUT-CC R OUT Instantaneous Short Circuit Current Output Impedance f IN = 10kHz Closed-Loop Open-Loop C LOAD Capacitive Load Drive Overshoot 100pF 16 % I S Total Quiescent Current I OUT = 0mA ma (max) ma Ω Note 1: Absolute Maximum Ratings indicate limits beyond which damage to the device may occur. Note 2: Operating Ratings indicate conditions for which the device is functional, but do not guarantee specific performance limits. For guaranteed specifications and test conditions, see the Electrical Characteristics. The guaranteed specifications apply only for the test conditions listed. Some performance characteristics may degrade when the device is not operated under the listed test conditions. Note 3: Amplifier output connected to GND, any number of amplifiers within a package. Note 4: Human body model, 100pF discharged through a 1.5kΩ resistor. Note 5: Machine Model ESD test is covered by specification EIAJ IC A 200pF cap is charged to the specified voltage and then discharged directly into the IC with no external series resistor (resistance of discharge path must be under 50Ω). Note 6: Typical specifications are specified at +25ºC and represent the most likely parametric norm. Note 7: Tested limits are guaranteed to National's AOQL (Average Outgoing Quality Level). Note 8: PSRR is measured as follows: V OS is measured at two supply voltages, ±5V and ±15V. PSRR = 20log(ΔV OS /ΔV S ). 4
21 Output Voltage vs Supply Voltage, THD+N = 1% Output Voltage vs Supply Voltage, THD+N = 1% Output Voltage vs Supply Voltage R L = 10kΩ, THD+N = 1% j9 Supply Current vs Supply Voltage j8 Supply Current vs Supply Voltage k0 Supply Current vs Supply Voltage R L = 10kΩ j j j7 21
23 Application Information DISTORTION MEASUREMENTS The vanishingly low residual distortion produced by is below the capabilities of all commercially available equipment. This makes distortion measurements just slightly more difficult than simply connecting a distortion meter to the amplifier s inputs and outputs. The solution, however, is quite simple: an additional resistor. Adding this resistor extends the resolution of the distortion measurement equipment. The s low residual distortion is an input referred internal error. As shown in Figure 1, adding the 10Ω resistor connected between the amplifier s inverting and non-inverting inputs changes the amplifier s noise gain. The result is that the error signal (distortion) is amplified by a factor of 101. Although the amplifier s closed-loop gain is unaltered, the feedback available to correct distortion errors is reduced by 101, which means that measurement resolution increases by 101. To ensure minimum effects on distortion measurements, keep the value of R1 low as shown in Figure 1. This technique is verified by duplicating the measurements with high closed loop gain and/or making the measurements at high frequencies. Doing so produces distortion components that are within the measurement equipment s capabilities. This datasheet s THD+N and IMD values were generated using the above described circuit connected to an Audio Precision System Two Cascade k4 FIGURE 1. THD+N and IMD Distortion Test Circuit 23
24 The is a high speed op amp with excellent phase margin and stability. Capacitive loads up to 100pF will cause little change in the phase characteristics of the amplifiers and are therefore allowable. Capacitive loads greater than 100pF must be isolated from the output. The most straightforward way to do this is to put a resistor in series with the output. This resistor will also prevent excess power dissipation if the output is accidentally shorted. Complete shielding is required to prevent induced pick up from external sources. Always check with oscilloscope for power line noise. Noise Measurement Circuit Total Gain: 115 = 1 khz Input Referred Noise Voltage: e n = V0/560,000 (V) RIAA Preamp Voltage Gain, RIAA Deviation vs Frequency Flat Amp Voltage Gain vs Frequency
26 Second Order High Pass Filter (Butterworth) Second Order Low Pass Filter (Butterworth) Illustration is f 0 = 1 khz Illustration is f 0 = 1 khz State Variable Filter Illustration is f 0 = 1 khz, Q = 10, A BP =
Low Voltage Audio Power Amplifier General Description The LM386 is a power amplifier designed for use in low voltage consumer applications. The gain is internally set to 20 to keep external part count
Quad 741 Op Amps General Description The LM148 series is a true quad 741. It consists of four independent, high gain, internally compensated, low power operational amplifiers which have been designed to
LM118/LM218/LM318 Operational Amplifiers General Description The LM118 series are precision high speed operational amplifiers designed for applications requiring wide bandwidth and high slew rate. They
LM723/LM723C Voltage Regulator General Description The LM723/LM723C is a voltage regulator designed primarily for series regulator applications. By itself, it will supply output currents up to 150 ma;
LM1036 Dual DC Operated Tone/Volume/Balance Circuit General Description The LM1036 is a DC controlled tone (bass/treble), volume and balance circuit for stereo applications in car radio, TV and audio systems.
NE/SA/SE DESCRIPTION The is a dual operational amplifier that is internally compensated. Excellent channel separation allows the use of a dual device in a single amp application, providing the highest
LM78XX Series Voltage Regulators General Description Connection Diagrams The LM78XX series of three terminal regulators is available with several fixed output voltages making them useful in a wide range
Operational Amplifier General Description The LM741 series are general purpose operational amplifiers which feature improved performance over industry standards like the LM709. They are direct, plug-in
HA5104/883 April 2002 Features This Circuit is Processed in Accordance to MILSTD 883 and is Fully Conformant Under the Provisions of Paragraph 1.2.1. Low Input Noise Voltage Density at 1kHz. 6nV/ Hz (Max)
Timer General Description The is a highly stable device for generating accurate time delays or oscillation. Additional terminals are provided for triggering or resetting if desired. In the time delay mode
INTEGRATED CIRCUITS Supersedes data of 21 Aug 3 File under Integrated Circuits, IC11 Handbook 22 Jan 22 DESCRIPTION The LM12/ series consists of four independent, high-gain, internally frequency-compensated
Current Feedback Op Amp Applications Circuit Guide Introduction No two high-speed application are the same or at least it seems that way. Nonetheless, while every system has its particular requirements,
Dual, High Speed, Programmable, Current Mode (Norton) Amplifiers General Description The consists of two current differencing (Norton) input amplifiers. Design emphasis has been placed on obtaining high
5A Low Dropout Positive Regulators General Description The LM1084 is a series of low dropout voltage positive regulators with a maximum dropout of 1.5 at 5A of load current. It has the same pin-out as
1A Low Dropout Regulator for 5V to 3.3V Conversion General Description The LM3940 is a 1A low dropout regulator designed to provide 3.3V from a 5V supply. The LM3940 is ideally suited for systems which
LM101A LM201A LM301A Operational Amplifiers General Description The LM101A series are general purpose operational amplifiers which feature improved performance over industry standards like the LM709 Advanced
LM380 Audio Power Amplifier General Description The LM380 is a power audio amplifier for consumer application In order to hold system cost to a minimum gain is internally fixed at 34 db A unique input
HIGH VOLTAGE HIGH-SIDE CURRENT MONITOR Description Pin Assignments The is a high side current sense monitor with a gain of 10 and a voltage output. Using this device eliminates the need to disrupt the
LM138 LM338 5-Amp Adjustable Regulators General Description The LM138 series of adjustable 3-terminal positive voltage regulators is capable of supplying in excess of 5A over a 1 2V to 32V output range
This is advanced information on a new product now in development or undergoing evaluation. Details are subject to change without notice.
DESCRIPTION The µa71 is a high performance operational amplifier with high open-loop gain, internal compensation, high common mode range and exceptional temperature stability. The µa71 is short-circuit-protected
CMOS Phase Lock Loop General Description The MM74HC4046 is a low power phase lock loop utilizing advanced silicon-gate CMOS technology to obtain high frequency operation both in the phase comparator and
LM555 Timer General Description The LM555 is a highly stable device for generating accurate time delays or oscillation. Additional terminals are provided for triggering or resetting if desired. In the
LMC555 CMOS Timer General Description The LMC555 is a CMOS version of the industry standard 555 series general purpose timers. In addition to the standard package (SOIC, MSOP, and MDIP) the LMC555 is also
Micropower Step-up DC/DC Converter with 550mA Peak Current Limit General Description The LM2704 is a micropower step-up DC/DC in a small 5-lead SOT-23 package. A current limited, fixed off-time control
LM566C Voltage Controlled Oscillator General Description The LM566CN is a general purpose voltage controlled oscillator which may be used to generate square and triangular waves the frequency of which
Analog Input Buffer Architectures by Kevin L Tretter 1. Introduction There are many considerations that must be taken into account when designing and implementing an analog input buffer. These include
LM4702 Driving a MOSFET Output Stage Introduction This application note provides supporting design information regarding National Semiconductor s newest offering of highperformance, ultra high-fidelity
800mA Low-Dropout Linear Regulator General Description The LM1117 is a series of low dropout voltage regulators with a dropout of 1.2 at 800mA of load current. It has the same pin-out as National Semiconductor
Current vs. ltage Feedback Amplifiers One question continuously troubles the analog design engineer: Which amplifier topology is better for my application, current feedback or voltage feedback? In most
MICRF3 MHz to MHz, 1.8 to 3.6V, Low-Noise Amplifier with Shutdown General Description The MICRF3 is a low-noise amplifier (LNA) with lowpower shutdown mode, which operates over the MHz to MHz frequency
Distributed by: www.jameco.com 1-800-831-4242 The content and copyrights of the attached material are the property of its owner. LMC555 CMOS Timer General Description The LMC555 is a CMOS version of the
LM2941/LM2941C 1A Low Dropout Adjustable Regulator General Description The LM2941 positive voltage regulator features the ability to source 1A of output current with a typical dropout voltage of 0.5V and
Public and Private Schools in Rural India. Karthik Muralidharan 1. Michael Kremer 1. March 22, - PDF
Download "Public and Private Schools in Rural India. Karthik Muralidharan 1. Michael Kremer 1. March 22,"
1 Public and Private Schools in Rural India Karthik Muralidharan 1 Michael Kremer 1 March 22, Department of Economics, Harvard University. Please address correspondence to or to 2 We thank Nazmul Chaudhury, Jeffrey Hammer, and Halsey Rogers for their collaboration and insights on the global study that generated the data that this paper is based on, and Konstantin Styrin for valuable research assistance. We offer thanks to the staff of the Social and Rural Research Institute, New Delhi and especially to Chhavi Bhargava, Navendu Shekhar, A V Surya, and Aditi Varma for conducting and overseeing the fieldwork for the primary surveys. We also thank participants at the PEPG conference and Rajashri Chakrabarti and Paul Peterson for comments and suggestions. All errors are our own.
2 Abstract: This paper presents results from a nationally-representative survey of rural private primary schools in India conducted in % of the population of rural India has access to fee-charging private schools in the same village. Nearly 50% of the rural private schools in our sample having been established 5 or fewer years before the time of the survey, suggesting rapid growth in the number of private schools. Private schools are more common in areas with poor public school performance. Richer states are less likely to have rural private schools. Compared to public schools, private schools pay much lower teacher salaries; have lower pupil teacher ratios; and less multi-grade teaching. Private school teachers are 2 to 8 percentage points less likely to be absent than teachers in public schools and 6 to 9 percentage points more likely to be engaged in teaching activity at any given point in time. They are more likely to hold a college degree than public-school teachers, but much less likely to have a formal teacher training certificate. Children in private school have higher attendance rates. They have higher test scores, even after controlling for observable family and school characteristics. 2
3 1. Introduction While the focus of primary education policy in developing countries such as India has largely centered on increasing the resource base and the number of government-run schools, the role of private fee-charging schools in the primary education sector has not been appreciated as much. However as several recent papers point out (Kingdon (1996), PROBE Report (1999), De et al (2001), Tooley and Dixon (2003), and Mehta (2005)) there is reason to believe that private fee-charging schools increasingly cater to a substantial fraction of the primary-school going population in India. Most research on this subject to date comes from small-sample studies at the state or district-levels. 3 This paper presents results from a nationally-representative survey of rural private primary schools in India that we conducted in % of the population of rural India has access to fee-charging private schools in the same village. Richer states have fewer rural private schools. States, districts, and villages with poor public school performance are each more likely to have private schools. Nearly 50% of the rural private schools in our sample were established 5 or fewer years before the survey, and nearly 40% of private-school enrollment is in these schools. This suggests rapid expansion of private schooling, although it could also in part reflect turnover among schools in the sector. 3 Notable among these are Bashir (1994) in Tamilnadu, Kingdon (1996b) in Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh), Govinda and Varghese (1993) in Madhya Pradesh, Tooley and Dixon (2003) in Hyderabad (Andhra Pradesh) and Mehta (2005) in Punjab. As Kingdon (1996a) mentions, given inter-state variations in the structure and organization of education in India, evidence from a single state will be illustrative but not necessarily representative. 3
4 Private-school teacher salaries are typically one-fifth the salary of regular publicschool teachers (and are often as low as one-tenth of these salaries). This enables the private schools to hire more teachers, have lower pupil teacher ratios, and reduce multigrade teaching. Private school teachers are significantly younger and more likely to be from the same area as their counterparts in the public schools. They are 2-8 percentage points less absent than teachers in public schools and 6-9 percentage points more likely to be engaged in teaching activity at any given point in time. They are more likely to hold a college degree than public-school teachers, but are however much less likely to have a formal teacher training certificate. Children in private school have higher attendance rates and superior test score performance, with the latter being true even after controlling for family and school characteristics. Section 2 outlines the sampling methodology and how the data was collected. Section 3 presents results on the extent of private school prevalence and correlates of private school existence. Section 4 discusses the economics of private unaided schools and their sources of competitive advantage by comparing them with public schools on various measures including infrastructure, teacher characteristics, student characteristics, and student performance. Section 5 concludes. 2. Sampling Methodology and Data The data used in this paper were collected as part of a multi-country study conducted by us and co-authors on provider absence in schools and health clinics where India was one of the countries studied (the detailed results from the cross-country study 4
5 are presented in Chaudhury, Hammer, Kremer, Muralidharan, and Rogers (2005)). 4 Within India, 20 states were selected, representing 98 percent of the population, or roughly one billion people. Using geographically stratified random sampling, 10 districts were selected within each state and 10 Primary Sampling Units (PSUs) were selected in each district. The PSUs were allocated to rural and urban sectors in accordance with the population distribution within each sampled district 5. Rural PSUs (villages) within a sampled district were selected randomly without replacement with probability proportional to size (PPS) 6. The survey focused on government 7 primary 8 schools but also covered rural private schools in villages where they existed. In the rural sample, we covered all the 4 See Chaudhury et al (2005) for detailed results from the cross-country study. 5 Thus a district with 90% of its population in rural areas would have 9 rural PSUs and 1 urban PSU, whereas a completely urban district (as is the case when the randomly picked district is the state capital for example) would have 10 urban PSUs. 6 See Appendix A of Kremer et al (2004) for a detailed description of the sampling procedure. 7 The definitions of school categories that we use are similar to those detailed in the companion paper in this volume by Kingdon. The term government school refers to government-funded schools that are run by the government but does not include the government-aided schools that are privately managed. The terms public schools and government schools are used interchangeably in this paper. The private schools referred to in the rest of this paper include both recognized and unrecognized private schools that charge fees and do not receive any financial support from the government. They do not include the private-aided schools which are privately managed schools that receive funding from the government, and are typically forbidden from charging user fees. 8 Covering grades 1-5 in most states, and grades 1-4 in some states, depending on the classification of primary schools in the concerned state. The focus of the study was completely on primary schools, and so the usage of the term school should be understood to mean primary school unless stated otherwise. 5
6 primary schools in the village subject to a maximum of 3 (the maximum number of schools that could be covered during one day in the field). When the investigators reached the village, they listed all the schools present within a radius of 2 kilometers from the village center. In villages with less than 3 schools, all the schools were covered. In villages with more than 3 schools, we surveyed 3 schools, randomly selecting one school in each of the three main categories of rural schools (Government schools, Private Schools, and Non-Formal Education Centers). In cases where there was no non-formal school, but more than 3 schools in the village, we selected 2 government schools and 1 private school or 1 government school and 2 private schools (the latter was the case only if there was only one government primary school but more than 2 private schools in the village). Thus in addition to being representative of government-run primary schools, our dataset is also representative of the universe of private unaided primary schools in rural India because we surveyed at least one private school in any village that had at least one private school. As noted by Kingdon (2005) (the companion paper in this volume), there are 2 main kinds of private unaided schools recognized and unrecognized. While government surveys only include the recognized private schools, our random selection method is indifferent to the recognition status of the school and our sample therefore includes both types of schools. Furthermore, the random selection of schools within a village ensures that the distribution of school types in our sample is a reflection of the distribution of school types in the population. 51% of the private schools in our sample 6
7 are unrecognized suggesting that official sources of data on private schools significantly understate the extent of private school prevalence 9. Enumerators made 3 unannounced visits to each selected school over a 3 to 4- month time period from December 2002 to March We measured teacher absence in all surveyed schools by physically verifying the presence of teachers on the school roster. In addition to recording teacher attendance we also collected data on student attendance, school facilities, and teacher characteristics. We also administered a short test 10 to 10 randomly selected 4 th grade children and collected basic demographic information on these children in all the schools that we surveyed. 3. Private School Prevalence and its Correlates 28% of the villages in our sample have a private school. Since the villages were sampled on a probability proportional to size basis (PPS), this implies that 28% of the population of rural India has access to a private school in the same village in which they live. But there is sharp variation in the prevalence of private schools across states with Gujarat and Maharashtra having almost no rural private schools, while over 50% of the sampled villages in Rajasthan, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, and Haryana have a private school in the same village (Table 1). Recent household-survey based evidence presented in the ASER Report (2005) confirms the increasing role of private schooling in rural 9 Unrecognized schools are also more recently established with an average age of 7.6 years as opposed to recognized private schools with an average age of 9.9 years. 10 See Appendix B of Kremer et al (2004) for a detailed description of the test as well as the procedure by which it was administered, graded, and coded 7
8 India by showing that 15.5% of children aged 6-10 in rural India attend a private school and that over 20% of the children in this group attend a private school in several states. 11 Table 2 presents results from OLS regressions where the binary variable of privateschool existence (at the village level) is regressed on potential predictors of privateschool existence. The first column includes the log of the village population, the log of the mean pupil-teacher ratio in the public schools in the village, and the mean level of teacher absence 12 in the public schools in the village. The second column includes state fixed effects. The third column replaces the state dummies with the log of state per capita GDP. The fourth column includes district level estimates of mean per capita consumption calculated from the 55 th round of the National Sample Survey 13, and the fifth column includes district level consumption as well as state fixed effects 14. Villages with larger populations are significantly more likely to have a private school in all specifications. The most noteworthy result is that private schools are significantly more likely to exist in villages with high teacher absence in public schools. While the 11 These states include Andhra Pradesh, Haryana, Kerala (including private aided schools), Punjab, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh 12 A teacher was considered to be absent if, at the time of a random visit during school hours, he or she could not be found anywhere in the school premises. See Chaudhury et al (2005) and Kremer et al (2005) for details on how absence and teaching activity were measured and on the various steps we took to measure these accurately. 13 We thank Petia Topalova for making her calculations of district-level consumption estimates available to us. See Topalova (2005) for details on these calculations. 14 Robust standard errors clustered at the state level are reported for specifications with state-level right hand side variables and likewise for district-level variables, where the standard errors are clustered at the district level. 8
9 relation is very strong across Indian states, it is still significant at the 10% level after controlling for state fixed-effects, and remains significant in all specifications. The surprising result is that states with a higher per capita income are less likely to have private schools in their villages. While a high Pupil-Teacher Ratio (PTR) in the public schools in the same village is a predictor of private school existence across India, the correlation is not significant with either state income controls or state fixed effects, suggesting that the PTR in public schools is negatively correlated with the per-capita GDP of the states. The final column shows that when we include state-fixed effects, richer districts are less likely to have a private school, though villages with high publicschool teacher absence are more likely to have a private school. Chaudhury et al (2005) shows that higher-income countries and richer Indian states have significantly lower rates of teacher absence in schools. Thus if private schools arise as a response to public school failure, we might expect richer states to have fewer private schools. On the other hand, since private schooling is likely to be a normal good we might expect the prevalence of private schools to be higher in the richer states. The correlation between public school failure (as measured by teacher absence and non-teaching activity) and the likelihood of the existence of private schools can be seen clearly in Figures 1a and 1b. While the two states with the highest incidence of private schools (Punjab and Haryana) happen to be among the richer states of India, it is quite striking that the two states with the lowest level of teacher absence in public schools (Gujarat and Maharashtra) have almost no rural private schools, even though these are two of the richest states in India. 9
10 Table 3 shows some more evidence regarding this by comparing teacher absence rates across different kinds of schools in India. The first column of Table 3 shows the weighted average teacher absence by school type across the full sample of schools. Columns 3-5 show the difference in teacher absence relative to the government-run schools. While the weighted average all-india teacher absence in private schools of 22.8% is slightly lower than that of the 25.2% in government schools, this difference is not significant. However, with the addition of village/town fixed effects, the teacher absence rate is 3.8% lower in private schools relative to government schools and this is significant at the 1% level. The addition of school, teacher demographics, and visit-level controls increases this difference to 7.8% which is over 30% of the observed absence rate in government schools (25.2%). This suggests that private schools are disproportionately located in areas with poorly performing public schools and that the efficiency of the private school (at least as measured by teacher absence) is even higher after controlling for school facilities (which are negatively correlated with teacher absence) and teacher demographics. The higher prevalence of private schools in villages with high absence among public school teachers could be interpreted as suggesting that private schools enter where public schools are failing or as evidence that the establishment of private schools reduces political pressure for teacher attendance in public schools. However, to the extent that one might expect higher income states to have more private schools, the finding that richer areas have fewer private schools suggests that the relationship is more likely to be driven by endogenous entry of private schools in areas with poorly performing public schools. 10
11 Finally, it is noteworthy that there is some evidence that large-scale prevalence of rural private schools is a recent phenomenon. This is suggested in previous studies of specific states such as De et al (2001), and Mehta (2005), but we are able to confirm this on a nationwide basis. Figure 2 plots the CDF of private school formation and enrollment over time, and we see that nearly 50% of the private schools in the sample have been established in the 5 years before the survey. Nearly 40% of the total privateschool enrollment is in schools that were less than 5 years old and over 60% of total enrollment is in schools that were less than 10 years old in Of course, these numbers will exceed the net increase in private school enrolment to the extent that other private schools exited over the period. 4. Economics of Rural Private Schools 4.1 School Infrastructure Table 4 presents summary statistics on school infrastructure in public and private schools. While private schools are more likely to have an electricity connection and toilets for teachers, they are less likely to have libraries (book banks) and classrooms without mud floors. On aggregate there doesn t appear to be a significant difference in the infrastructure index between private and public schools, but the results with state and with village fixed effects suggest that conditional on being in the same village, private schools have poorer facilities and infrastructure than the public schools. 4.2 Sources of Competitive Advantage of Private Schools Probably the single most distinguishing feature of the private schools in rural India is the fact that they pay much lower salaries to teachers than the government schools. 11
12 While we don t directly collect data on teacher salaries, we have data on the various fees charged by each school in our sample along with the total enrollment, which allows us to estimate the monthly revenue for the private schools (since they typically don t receive any funding beyond what they raise in school fees). Median monthly revenue of a private school in our sample is around Rs. 4,000 per month 15, with the median fee being Rs. 63 per month and the median private school having an enrollment of 72 students. We can calculate an upper bound for teacher salaries in private schools assuming that all the revenues of the private schools are used to pay teacher salaries. We calculate the upper bound on median teacher salary to be less than Rs. 1,000 per month and the upper bound on the mean teacher salary to be less than Rs. 1,750 per month. The mean salary for a regular government school teacher in a typical state like Andhra Pradesh (where we have actual salary data 16 ) is around Rs 7,500 per month. We can see that the typical total monthly revenue of a private school is often less than the monthly salary of one government school teacher. Even conservatively, rural private school teacher salaries are typically around one fifth that of regular government teacher salaries and they are often as low as one tenth the salaries of regular government teachers. This allows the private schools to hire more teachers, reduce multi-grade teaching, and have significantly lower pupil-teacher ratios. 15 The approximate exchange rate at present is Rs. 45 = 1 US Dollar 16 Direct data on teacher salaries in Andhra Pradesh has been collected in a different ongoing study by one of the authors. The salary figures would be even higher if we included benefits, the largest portion of which is the present value of a defined benefits retirement pension. Private school teachers typically receive no benefits. 12
13 Table 5 clearly demonstrates these points. The average pupil teacher ratio (PTR) in the private schools of 19.2 is less than half the ratio of 43.4 in public schools. This gap of 24.3 widens to 29.6 with state fixed effects, and to 34.4 with village fixed effects. Thus conditional on being in the same village, the private school has nearly 35 fewer pupils per teacher than the government school in the same village. Doing the calculation using logs, we find that the PTR of a public school is 2.85 times higher than the PTR of a private school in the same village. The lower PTR in the private schools also translates into lower levels of multi-grade teaching (the practice of one teacher simultaneously teaching multiple grades in the same room). Field interviews with parents of children attending rural private schools suggest that two of the major attractions of private schools are the fact that they start teaching English early, and that there is more teaching activity in these schools. The last two rows of Table 5 confirm that these differences do exist. Private schools on average start to teach English a whole grade earlier, with the effect being even more pronounced with state and village fixed effects. Private schools also have significantly more teaching activity going on, and again the magnitude of the difference increases with state and village fixed effects. One reason for this is likely to be that head teachers in private school are much more likely (and able) to take disciplinary action against shirking teachers than their counterparts in the public schools. We found that only 1 head teacher in the nearly 3000 public schools we surveyed reported ever dismissing a teacher for repeated absence See Kingdon and Muzamil (2001) for more details on the power of public-school teacher unions and how this has evolved over the years (based on a case study of the state of Uttar Pradesh) 13
14 On the other hand, 35 head teachers in a sample of around 600 private schools reported having at some point dismissed a teacher for repeated absence and so shirking teachers in the private sector are around 175 times more likely to have disciplinary action taken against them! If we consider the cases with village fixed effects (which is the relevant case when considering the choice faced by a parent with regard to choosing between a private and public school in the same village), we see that combining the effects of a lower pupilteacher ratio and a higher level of teaching activity leads to a child in the private school having 3-4 times more teacher-contact time than in the public school. The better performance of the private schools is also reflected in the fact that student attendance rates are also substantially higher in private schools (as seen in the last row of Table 5). Pupil attendance is 11.3% (percentage points) higher in the all-india sample, and 13.4% higher with village fixed effects. If we think that the true measure of the relative role of the private and public sectors is attendance as opposed to enrollment, then the true share of rural children taught in the private sector will be even higher after adjusting for the differential attendance rates. 4.3 Teacher Characteristics A key question that follows the discussion on teacher pay in private schools is that of understanding who the private school teachers are, and the reasons for their being willing to work at such low salaries. Field visits suggest that the availability of these inexpensive teachers in the villages is being driven by local educated youth who are typically unable to find jobs, unwilling (and usually not needed) to work in agriculture, and not looking at 14
15 teaching as a long-term career. Teaching suits these youth well because the short working day of 4-6 hours allows them the time for further study via correspondence (distance-education) courses or in colleges that follow a different shift. The short working days also allow them to look for other longer-term jobs on the side and finally teaching provides them with both income and respectability while they also look at other long-term options. Table 6 provides summary statistics consistent with this view. The private school teachers are on average over 10 years younger than their counterparts in the public sector and are twice as likely to be from the same village where the school is located. They are more likely to have a college degree but also much less likely to have a professional teaching certificate, which suggests that even though they are more educated, they are not looking at teaching as a long-term career option. This probably helps to explain why teacher absence is not even lower in the private schools given the high likelihood of action being taken for repeated absence. Since the private-school teachers are being paid a much lower wage and are often looking at other long term options, there is little efficiency wage cost of being fired. Thus, if pursuing other opportunities requires a certain level of absence (and an accompanying probability of action being taken) this is a trade off that the private school teachers are probably willing to make. However, in spite of the low wages, we see that private schools have lower teacher absence and higher teaching activity than the public schools especially in the same village. 15
16 4.4 Parent Characteristics Given that public schools are free of cost and private schools charge fees we would expect that the students attending the private schools come from more socioeconomically privileged backgrounds. Based on the random sample of children in the 4 th grade who we test and whom we collect demographic information on, we can compare the family backgrounds of children in both types of schools. Table 7 provides these comparisons and as we would expect, the children attending private schools come from more advantaged family backgrounds. They have more educated parents and indicate possessing a higher level of assets. However, it is worth noting that the absolute level of education of the parents of the children attending private schools is actually quite low. For instance, 20% of the private school students are first generation learners, which while lower than the 30% in public schools, is still quite significant. Thus while private schools cater to the better off in the rural areas, many of their students come from disadvantaged backgrounds. This is consistent with the results of Tooley and Dixon (2003) who mention that the majority of private schools in India cater to the poor (though their observation is based on an urban study) and the findings reported by Andrabi et al (2002) that private schools in rural Pakistan are affordable to middle and even low income groups. 4.5 Performance of Private Schools As discussed earlier, private schools have lower teacher absence and higher levels of teaching activity. They also exhibit significantly superior performance on the test that was administered. Table 8 shows the test score performance advantage of private schools (in standard deviations). While controlling for family and other characteristics reduces 16
17 the size of the private school effect, it is still strongly significant and of considerable magnitude (0.4 standard deviations on the test). Of course, we cannot rule out that some of these results are being driven by unobserved heterogeneity among the students. Similarly, as discussed earlier, student attendance is around 11 percentage points higher in the private schools (75%) relative to the public schools (64%). This could partly be due to artificially inflated enrollment figures in the government schools. 5. Conclusions We find that private unaided fee-charging schools are widespread in rural India, particularly in areas where the public system is dysfunctional. The number of such schools appears to be growing rapidly with both demand-side variables (desire for English-medium education, less multi-grade teaching, smaller classes, more accountable teachers) and supply-side variables (availability of educated unemployed youth) playing an important role in this rapid growth. Salaries paid by these schools are only about onefifth of those paid by public schools, but these schools have many more teachers relative to the number of pupils, and the private-school teachers are more likely to be teaching than public school teachers. Our results have a number of implications. First, efforts to improve the quality of education in India should consider the private as well as public sector especially since the former are disproportionately located where the public system is failing. For example, policy makers might consider the possibility of offering short training courses to raise skills among private school teachers. 17
18 Second, the disparities between private and public schools highlight some potential areas for reform in the public sector. The huge salary differential suggests that many public school teachers may be receiving enormous rents. Finally, there may be scope for public private partnerships in education, whether in the form of voucher programs or otherwise. One issue with voucher programs is whether there will be an adequate supply response, but the evidence suggest that private schools are already widespread in rural areas and that new schools can be created rapidly. There is substantial scope for carefully-designed policy experiments aimed at leveraging the private sector for universal quality education, and it is important to follow these experiments with rigorous evaluation to provide systematic evidence for future policy decisions in this regard. The recent draft of the Right to Education Bill that is expected to be introduced in Parliament mandates that 25% of seats in private educational institutions be reserved for weaker sections of society. It also goes on to say that for each such admitted child, the government shall reimburse to the school at a rate equal to the per-child expenditure in state schools/fully aided schools, or the actual amount charged per student by such school, whichever is less. The discussion around this legislation would be an opportune moment to think about the most efficient institutional forms for delivery of primary education in India. 18
19 References Andrabi, Tahir, Jishnu Das, and Asim Khwaja The Rise of Private Schooling in Pakistan: Catering to the Urban Elite or Educating the Rural Poor? Mimeo, Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) Pratham Resource Center Bashir, Sajitha Public versus Private in Primary Education: Comparison of School Effectiveness and Costs in Tamilnadu. PhD Dissertation, London School of Economics Chaudhury, Nazmul, Jeffrey Hammer, Michael Kremer, Karthik Muralidharan, F. Halsey Rogers Missing in Action: Teacher and Health Worker Absence in Developing Countries, forthcoming in Journal of Economic Perspectives De, Anuradha., Claire Noronha and Meera Samson India: Private Schools and Universal Elementary Education. South Asia Education Sector, Technical Working Paper No. 3. World Bank De, Anuradha., Manabi Majumdar, Claire Noronha and Meera Samson Private Schools and Universal Elementary Education in R. Govinda ed. India education report a profile of basic education. New Delhi: OUP, Govinda, R., and Varghese, N. V Quality of primary schooling in India: a case study of Madhya Pradesh, International Institute for Educational Planning, National Institute of Educational Planning and Administration. Kingdon, Geeta, 1996a. The quality and efficiency of private and public education: a case study of urban India, Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics, 58.1, Kingdon, Geeta, 1996b. Private Schooling in India: Size, nature and equity effects, Economic and Political Weekly, 31, No. 51, December Kingdon, Geeta Gandhi and Mohd Muzammil A Political Economy of Education in India- I: The Case of UP Economic and Political Weekly, 36, No. 32, August 11-18, 2001 Kremer, Michael, Karthik Muralidharan, Nazmul Chaudhury, Jeffrey Hammer, and F. Halsey Rogers "Teacher Absence in India." World Bank: Washington, DC. Kremer, Michael, Karthik Muralidharan, Nazmul Chaudhury, Jeffrey Hammer, and F. Halsey Rogers Teacher Absence in India: A Snapshot Journal of the European Economic Association, Volume 3, pp
20 Mehta, Arun Elementary Education in unrecognized schools in India: A study of Punjab based on DISE 2005 data NIEPA, New Delhi PROBE Team Public Report on Basic Education in India. New Delhi: Oxford University Press. Shah, Parth Equity in Education. Business Standard, July 13, 2005 Tooley, James and Pauline Dixon Private Schools for the Poor: A Case Study from India, CfBT Research and Development Topalova, Petia Trade Liberalization, Poverty, and Inequality: Evidence from Indian Districts, NBER Working Paper
22 Table 3 Absence Rate by School Type Difference Relative to Government-Run Schools [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] Teacher Absence Number of Observations No Fixed Effects Village/ Town Fixed Effects Village/ Town Fixed Effects + Controls* Government-Run Schools 25.2% 34, Non-formal Schools 26.9% % -2.7% -2.4% Private Aided Schools 20.1% 3, % -1.3% -0.4% Private Schools 22.8% 9, % -3.8% -7.8% * Controls include a full set of visit-level, teacher-level, and school-level controls Note: Bold numbers indicate significant differences at the 1% level Table 4 Private Versus Public School Facilities Public Private Difference Difference with State Fixed Effects Difference with Village Fixed Effects Fraction of schools with electric connection available *** *** *** Fraction of schools with library available *** 0.236*** 0.238*** Fraction of schools with covered classrooms available ** Fraction of schools with non-mud floors available *** 0.184*** 0.197*** Fraction of schools with teacher toilet available ** ** Average school infrastructure index (0-5 scale) *** 0.247***
23 Table 5 Sources of Private School Competitive Advantage Public Private Difference Difference with State FEs Difference with Village FEs Mean Total Enrollment *** 49.6*** 80.7*** Mean Number of Teachers *** -1.48*** -0.87*** Pupil-Teacher Ratio *** 29.6*** 34.43*** Log Pupil-Teacher Ratio *** 1.045*** Multigrade teaching 71% 51% 0.20*** 0.20*** 0.11*** Average grade of starting teaching English Fraction of teachers engaged in teaching activity *** 1.27*** 1.35*** 44% 50% -5.7% *** -8.6% *** -9.3% *** Average Student Attendance 64.4% 75.7% -11.3%*** -12.1%*** -13.4%*** Table 6 Teacher Characteristics Public Private Difference Difference with State FEs Difference with Village FEs Average age of teachers *** 11.92*** 12.35*** Fraction of college graduates among teachers 39% 49% -0.10*** -0.03* Fraction of teaching certificate holders among teachers 80% 28% 0.52*** 0.61*** 0.64*** Fraction of female teachers 36% 41% Fraction of local teachers 23% 46% -0.23*** -0.26*** -0.24***
24 Table 7 Household Characteristics Public Private Difference Difference with state FEs Difference with village FEs Average Number of Rooms in House *** *** *** Average fraction of children taking tuition *** *** *** % of literate fathers %*** *** *** % of literate mothers %*** *** *** % of fathers with education 10 grades or higher %*** *** *** % of mothers with education 10 grades or higher %*** *** *** Table 8 Performance Differentials of Private Schools Regression of Mean Student Test Score (in Std. Deviations) on School Type and Controls [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] Private School 0.57*** 0.50*** 0.40*** 0.38*** 0.41*** Controls Family Demographics & Private Tuition No Yes Yes Yes Yes School Facilities No No Yes Yes Yes State Fixed Effects No No No Yes No Village Fixed Effects No No No No Yes Observations R-squared significant at 10%; ** significant at 5%; *** significant at 1%,
26 Figure 2 - Private School Formation/Enrollment over Time (CDF) Age of School Enrollment CDF School Formation CDF
How do Government and Private Schools Differ? Findings from two large Indian states Sangeeta Goyal and Priyanka Pandey Abstract This paper uses survey data from government and private schools in two states
Internal Migration and Regional Disparities in India Introduction Internal migration is now recognized as an important factor in influencing social and economic development, especially in developing countries.
How do Government and Private Schools Differ? Findings from two large Indian states. South Asia Human Development Sector. December 2009. Report No.
Report No. 30 South Asia Human Development Sector How do Government and Private Schools Differ? Findings from two large Indian states December 2009 Public Disclosure Authorized Public Disclosure Authorized
CHAPTER 4 ESTIMATES OF MORTALITY INDICATORS Mortality is one of the basic components of population change and related data is essential for demographic studies and public health administration. It is the
Andhra Pradesh School Choice Project Proposal 1. Background: In recent years, access to primary education has expanded tremendously in India and gender gaps have narrowed. Approximately 95% of both boys
SOCIAL BACKGROUND OF OFFICERS IN THE INDIAN ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE SANTOSH GOYAL The Indian Administrative Service (IAS) is the highest cadre of the civil services in India and is the successor to the
Learning Achievements in India: A Study of Primary Education in Rajasthan Sangeeta Goyal South Asia Human Development The World Bank Human Development Unit South Asia Region May 2007 Document of The World
2 Income, Poverty, and Inequality As we discuss different dimensions of human development such as access to education, health care, and the well-being of vulnerable populations like children and the elderly
Maternal & Child Mortality and Total Fertility Rates. Sample Registration System (SRS) Office of Registrar General, India 7th July 2011
CHAPTER-VI ECONOMIC GROWTH, POVERTY AND SOCIAL SERVICES EXPENDITURE 6.1 Introduction: In this chapter, the impact of social services expenditure on economic development and poverty reduction is analysed.
Adjusted Indian Poverty Estimates for 1999-2 This paper explains a method that can be used to adjust the NSS 55th Round poverty estimates so as to make them comparable with earlier official estimates.
7 DENSITY OF POPULATION Figures Map Table/Statements Notes 7 Density of population Experience shows that a very populous city can rarely, if ever, be well governed. To the size of states there is a limit,
USD per capita India: Poverty & Aid India: a big economy with an enormous population and extensive poverty India now has the tenth largest economy in the world, accounting for over 5% of world GDP. But
2010 Research Consortium on Educational Outcomes and Poverty WP29/10 RECOUP Working Paper No. 29 The Impact of the Sixth Pay Commission on Teacher Salaries: Assessing Equity and Efficiency Effects by Geeta
Economic. Research Paper. Has India s economic growth over the last decade led to an Improvement in the country s public health Profile?
Florida s Plan to Ensure Equitable Access to Excellent Educators. heralded Florida for being number two in the nation for AP participation, a dramatic
Florida s Plan to Ensure Equitable Access to Excellent Educators Introduction Florida s record on educational excellence and equity over the last fifteen years speaks for itself. In the 10 th Annual AP
Primary School Net and Gross Attendance Rates, India. Primary School Net Attendance Rate in Urban and Rural Areas, India
Primary School Net and Gross Attendance Rates, India About one-fourth of school age children in India do not attend primary school on time although of children attend primary school at some time in. of
Value Subtraction in Public Sector Production: Accounting Versus Economic Cost of Primary Schooling in India Lant Pritchett and Yamini Aiyar Abstract We combine newly created data on per student government
Engaging Accountability: PAISA Report Series How Much Does India Spend Per Student on Elementary Education? Ambrish Dongre Avani Kapur Vibhu Tewary October, 2014 Accountability Initiative, Centre for Policy
PRE-PRIMARY EDUCATION IN INDIA CREATE INDIA POLICY BRIEF 1 DECEMBER 2010 PRE-PRIMARY EDUCATION IN INDIA Various types of pre primary schools are available in India and more children are now attending pre-school
NATIONAL SURVEY OF HOME EQUITY LOANS Richard T. Curtin Director, Surveys of Consumers Survey Research Center The October 1998 WP51 The 1988, 1994, and 1997 National Surveys of Home Equity Loans were sponsored
Paid and Unpaid Work inequalities 1 Paid and Unpaid Labor in Developing Countries: an inequalities in time use approach Paid and Unpaid Labor in Developing Countries: an inequalities in time use approach
WOMEN IN POLITICS: THE CASE OF INDIA Lakshmi Iyer (Harvard Business School) Harvard South Asia Institute Webinar, May 2014 TWO BIG QUESTIONS Women lag behind men on many metrics across the world (survival,
Economic inequality and educational attainment across a generation Mary Campbell, Robert Haveman, Gary Sandefur, and Barbara Wolfe Mary Campbell is an assistant professor of sociology at the University
This Press Release is embargoed against publication, telecast or circulation on internet till 5.30 pm today i.e. 12 th July 2016.
Summary of Sachar Committee Report Background On March 9, 2005 the Prime Minister issued a Notification for the constitution of a High Level Committee to prepare a report on the social, economic and educational
Chapter - 2 ECONOMIC AND INVESTMENT SCENARIO INDIA UP GENERAL INDIAN ECONOMY India is the fourth largest economy in the world, and has the second largest GDP among developing countries, based on purchasing
Chapter 3 LITERACY AND EDUCATION Coverage Literacy Rates in Post-Independence India Literacy Rates of SC/ST by Sex and Urban-Rural Distribution State-wise Literacy Rates in last 3 decades State-wise Gap
Education For All in India with Focus on Elementary Education: Current Status, Recent Initiatives And Future Prospects
Education For All in India with Focus on Elementary Education: Current Status, Recent Initiatives And Future Prospects Arun C. Mehta 1. INTRODUCTION Free and compulsory education to all children up to
F. No. 37(1) FCD/2010 Ministry of Finance Department of Expenditure Finance Commission Division Block No. XI, 5 th Floor, CGO Complex, Lodhi Road, New Delhi, 15 th March, 2011. To The Chief Secretary,
39 Interstate Comparison of Poverty Status in India Preeti, Assistant Professor in Govt. P. G. College, Bhiwani, Haryana ABSTRACT Poverty is one of the major obstacles which India has been suffering from
Article: Main results from the Wealth and Assets Survey: July 2012 to June 2014 Coverage: GB Date: 18 December 2015 Geographical Area: Region Theme: Economy Main points In July 2012 to June 2014: aggregate
How does access to social pensions and public health care affect the well-being of elderly poor in India?
How does access to social pensions and public health care affect the well-being of elderly poor in India? Sitakanta Panda and Sourabh B. Paul (IIT Delhi) Katharina Michaelowa and Viola Werner (UZH) Indo-Swiss
The Impact of School Library Media Centers on Academic Achievement SLMQ Volume 22, Number 3, Spring 1994 Keith Curry Lance, Director, Library Research Service, Colorado Advocates of school library media
POLICY BRIEF: SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEES Successes, Challenges and Opportunities June 2014 INTRODUCTION This policy brief highlights the successes, challenges and opportunities in the functioning of
Convergence Clubs in Incomes across Indian States: Is There Evidence of a Neighbours Effect? Sanghamitra Bandyopadhyay School of Business and Management, Queen Mary University of London and Department
Furman Center for real estate & urban policy New York University school of law wagner school of public service november 2008 Policy Brief Public Housing and Public Schools: How Do Students Living in NYC
Beef Demand: What is Driving the Market? Ronald W. Ward Food and Economics Department University of Florida Demand is a term we here everyday. We know it is important but at the same time hard to explain.
ANDHRA PRADESH Details of and of of Customer Complaints Redressal Report for the ending - March 2015 Details of [8] = of Details of during the and of of of to be [12] Details of during the [15] = Billing
Poverty among ethnic groups how and why does it differ? Peter Kenway and Guy Palmer, New Policy Institute www.jrf.org.uk Contents Introduction and summary 3 1 Poverty rates by ethnic group 9 1 In low income
SSA GOALS All children in school, Education Guarantee Centre, Alternate School, Back-to-School camp by 2005 Bridging gender and social gaps in: Primary : 2007 Elementary : 2010 Universal retention by 2010
Summary The thesis examines the factors that impact on access and utilisation of health services in Ghana. The utilisation behaviour of residents of a typical urban and a typical rural district are used
Evaluation of Efficacy of the Consumer Disputes Redressal Agencies in India Prof. Prakash N. Chaudhary Vice Principal, Associate Professor& Head, Dept. of Business Laws, Ness Wadia College of Commerce,
2. Incidence, prevalence and duration of breastfeeding Key Findings Mothers in the UK are breastfeeding their babies for longer with one in three mothers still breastfeeding at six months in 2010 compared
17 COLLECTION AND PRESENTATION OF DATA Getting information on various things around us has become a way of life. Information itself is a major source of knowledge. Without information it is difficult to
Research Report May 2016 Which Countries in Europe Have the Best Gender Equality in the Workplace? Foreword Despite improvements in gender equality in recent decades, much remains to be done. Around the
Reserve Residential Bank Property of Australia Investors in Bulletin Australia May 24 Residential Property Investors in Australia 1 Over the past decade, there has been a substantial increase in investor
Changes in Educational Spending in Kentucky Since KERA and HB1 Kenneth R. Troske The decade of the 1990s saw major new legislation in Kentucky designed to improve public schooling in the state the Kentucky
CONTENTS Foreword Preface Advisory Committee National Level Project Team Associated NCERT Project Staff Other Reports of the 7 th AISES Introduction 1 Highlights on Teachers and their Qualifications 7
It is important to understand child poverty as multidimensional. Income poverty in South Africa. Annie Leatt (Children s Institute)
Income poverty in South Africa Annie Leatt (Children s Institute) It is important to understand child poverty as multidimensional and more than just a lack of income. Nevertheless, this essay specifically
Child Marriage and Education: A Major Challenge Minh Cong Nguyen and Quentin Wodon i Why Does Child Marriage Matter? The issue of child marriage is getting renewed attention among policy makers. This is
Targeting Education Financing on the Marginalized: Lessons from Implementation of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and Right to Education in India
2014/ED/EFA/MRT/PI/18 Background paper prepared for the Education for All Global Monitoring Report 2013/4 Teaching and learning: Achieving quality for all Targeting Education Financing on the Marginalized:
By: Dr A. Subbiah, Dr K. Navaneethakrishnan and S. Jeyakumar The Indian Software Industry Continues to Grow The global slowdown may have little impact on India s IT industry, which is projected to grow
5. Hum a n Re s o u r c e s in He a lt h Se c t o r Page No. Summary 5. Human Resources in Health Sector 156 5.1 State/UT wise Number of Allopathic Doctors with Recognised Medical Qualifications (Under
3 Six Month Key Highlights Revenue from continuing operations up 32% to 10.0m from 7.6m in the prior period Recurring monthly revenue from dotmailer s Software as a Service ( SaaS ) based usage charges up 28% to 7.4m related creative and managed service up 38% to 1.1m Group operating profit before tax up 17% to 2.5m Net cash generated from operating activities of 1.4m Strong net cash position of 9.5m as at 31 December dotmailer Over 300 new clients signed in the period including Screwfix, govtoday, Hornby, Sony Music, Calor, MobileFun, Mustela, Worldata, Honeywell, Unison and Knight Frank Average monthly recurring spend across all clients increased from 284 to 400 Magento Connector Over 150 clients on the newly launched Magento connector Average recurring spend from clients of 775 per month International Initiatives Revenue from the US region grew from $456k in the prior period to $1.14m, reflecting good progress in building our presence and the number of clients 3
4 OVERVIEW As announced in the trading update on the 20 January 2015, dotdigital continued to deliver strong revenue growth and profits in line with market guidance for the six months ended 31 December. dotmailer: Marketing & Marketing Automation Software SaaS Products The performance from the higher margin SaaS product based marketing platform continues to go from strength to strength with revenue growth for the six month period of 32% to 10.0m (H1 2013/14: 7.6m) with strong recurring revenue continuing to form a significant part of this total. Profit before tax grew by 17% to 2.5m which reflects the ongoing investment dotdigital is making in the business in order to accelerate future organic growth. This strong growth was helped by a focus on winning higher value clients, as well as growth in recurring spend from existing clients and higher levels of client retention driven by clients signing up longer term contracts. The average monthly billing from all clients increased by 40% from 284 per month to 400. Following the strategy to focus on the mid-market, the monthly commitment from new clients increased by 63%. In the interim period we signed over 300 clients with an average monthly committed spend of 480 compared to 295 in the same period last year. Client numbers were lower than in the corresponding period last year reflecting the Company s strategy to focus on fast growing mid-size businesses and enterprise clients with a notably higher lifetime value. The average monthly commitment in the pipeline suggests that this will trend upwards. With the Board s strategy of continued investment in the business to capitalise on long term organic growth, an additional 11 people in sales and account management have been recruited. The addition of this headcount has already started to pay off, generating additional incremental revenue. Revenues from the US region have continued to grow strongly. The New York sales office continues to focus on sector niches and higher value corporate clients which it has identified as being the most attractive for the dotmailer product platform. The pipeline is continuing to grow with prudent additional investment in headcount and marketing activities. It is anticipated that further investment will be made in growing the US sales and account management team in the next 12 months. Our creative and managed services revenue grew from 0.8m to 1.1m during the period. There is further revenue growth potential that can be unlocked from these new services. This offering helps generate positive return on investment (ROI) for our clients and helps time-poor marketers to outsource their creative and campaign management/strategy to marketing experts. Further Product Innovation The dotmailer platform continues to develop to provide high levels of marketing automation to our clients and the product release in January 2015 includes some exciting new multi-channel marketing capabilities. 4
5 Financial Summary Consolidated EBITDA Group EBITDA rose from 2.7m in the prior period to 3.3m, an increase of 22%, reflecting the strong performance in the core UK market and further investment into organic growth. Balance Sheet & Cash Position dotdigital continues with its strong cash generation from operations with the interim end net cash balance growing to 9.5m after capital expenditure of 0.5m, hardware/software upgrades of 0.3m and research and product development of 0.8m. The Company also has no debt. Share Buyback Scheme dotdigital announced on 11 November that it was to commence a Share Buyback Scheme. The size of the proposed Share Buyback is up to 3.0m shares. The Share Buyback will be funded from the Company's existing cash resources and made through market purchases of ordinary shares. The repurchased ordinary shares are to be held in treasury in anticipation of the first tranche of lapsing staff share options being exercised over the coming 12 months. Currently the Company has purchased, in aggregate, 285,000 ordinary shares of 0.5 pence each. Dividend Policy A dividend of 0.2p per ordinary share was proposed by the Company at the time of its Final Results in October last year demonstrating a clear commitment from the Board to delivering value by focusing on total shareholder return in the future. This dividend was approved by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on the 16 December and paid on 30 January The Company s current policy will be to review dividends at the time of the year end. The Board is therefore not proposing an interim dividend. Board Evolution At the time of dotdigital s Final Results in October last year it was announced that Simone Barratt, from her role as Non-Executive Director, would be appointed as Chief Executive (Designate). With immediate effect Simone Barratt now takes on the full role of Chief Executive Officer. Peter Simmonds, who has been CEO for the past eight years and a major contributor to dotdigital s success, will continue, at this current time, as Deputy Chief Executive. Current Trading & Outlook The core marketing business continues to perform very strongly and the strategy to continue to invest in the business is delivering pleasing results. The Company s organic growth strategy continues to be focussed around four core areas: Product Innovation; Geographic expansion; Developing strategic partnerships; and Identifying new customer niches. In the six months ember, key performance highlights against these areas were: Development of key new product features which were released on 20 January 2015; 5
6 Growth of our US region revenue, which grew by approximately 150% from US$456k in the six months ember 2013 to US$1.14m; Strengthening the channel sales team and formalising partner proposition; Revenue attributable to partner channels grew by 146% to 2.2m; and The initiative to build revenue by creating a strongly integrated offering to the Magento midmarket ecommerce retail niche has generated over 150 clients with annualised revenues of approximately 2.0m. The client take up of the Magento connector continues to deliver good growth with the average monthly spend of new customers increasing to over 775 per month. The product has been well received as evidenced by feedback gained from both clients and Magento implementation partners. Recent product enhancements have also made this an even more attractive solution for online retailers. In the US our analysis shows that we have more potential customers with larger databases which should translate into greater recurring revenue from US clients. With continued good hiring and carefully managed investment we are confident that revenue from the US region will build significantly and we plan to invest more in expanding the US team in the West Coast and Mid-America. Based on the successful formula deployed in entering the US market, we will start to build out a channel sales team in Australia which will be the springboard into the Asia Pacific markets. Early due diligence confirms that the dotmailer platform has been well received by the market. The value of the ecommerce market in APAC is US$37 billion and early due diligence confirms that the dotmailer Magento connector which serves the ecommerce sector will be well received by the market. Magento is the leading ecommerce platform with a 45% market share in Australia. We will leverage our strong relationships with the Magento system implementers and key channel partners to build out a partner network across the Asia Pacific region. Expansion into this region will be headed up by our current Head of Sales who has a deep knowledge of both dotmailer and the Australian marketing technology market, which will prove invaluable in the initial stages of growth. We are delighted that the strategy of focusing on fast growing medium sized businesses and corporate clients has driven average monthly spend up by 63%. This combined with a focus on longer term contracts and client retention is leading to notably higher client lifetime values. Recent marketing product innovations delivered in January 2015, frame the potential to move the Company into the marketing automation sector of the marketing technology landscape, where average monthly revenue per client is currently at a sizeable premium to existing pricing. The Board believes this will open new revenue growth opportunities over the next months. To this end we are embarking on a carefully executed accelerated investment plan to scale the business further through both geographic expansion and product innovation, investing up to 3 million over the next two years. This strategy should fully exploit the exciting growth opportunities the dotmailer platform has to offer. Based on the strong performance at the half year ember, the growing demand for marketing automation, the newly released product features and investment strategy, the Board remains confident of delivering strong growth, underlying profitability and increasing shareholder value for this year, 2016 and beyond. 6
7 Consolidated Income Statement For the six months ended 31 December 2013 to 30 June note '000s '000s '000s Continuing operations Revenue 9,992 7,570 16,213 Cost of sales (1,166) (491) (1,533) Gross profit 8,826 7,079 14,680 Administrative expenses (6,298) (4,926) (11,059) Operating profit 2,528 2,153 3,621 Finance income Profit before income tax 2,540 2,162 3,641 Income tax expense (353) (304) (181) Profit for the period from continuing operations 2,187 1,858 3,460 Discontinued operations Loss from discontinuing operations - (54) (41) Profit for the period 2,187 1,804 3,419 Attributable to the owners of the parent: Profit for the year from continuing operations 2,187 1,858 3,460 Loss for the year from discontinued operations - (54) (41) Profit for the year attributable to the owners of the parent 2,187 1,804 3,419 Earnings per share from continuing operations (pence per share) Basic Diluted Earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations (pence per share) Basic Diluted
8 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income For the six months ended 31 December 2013 to 30 June '000s '000s '000s Profit for the period 2,187 1,804 3,419 Other comprehensive income Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit and loss: Exchange differences on translating foreign operations 28 5 (4) Total comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of the parent 2,215 1,809 3,415 Total comprehensive income for the period Comprehensive income from continuing operations 2,215 1,863 3,456 Comprehensive income from discontinued operations - (54) (41) 8
9 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position For the six months ended 31 December Assets 2013 to 30 June '000s '000s '000s Non-current assets Goodwill Intangible assets 3,277 2,742 2,991 Property, plant and equipment 1, ,999 3,865 4,427 Current assets Trade and other receivables 4,552 3,164 3,662 Cash and cash equivalents 9,503 7,290 9,306 14,055 10,454 12,968 Total assets 19,054 14,319 17,395 Equity attributable to the owners of the parent Called up share capital 6 1,426 1,396 1,414 Share premium 5,295 4,953 5,147 Reverse acquisition reserve (4,695) (4,695) (4,695) Other reserves Retranslation reserve 22 - (6) Retained earnings 7 14,317 10,596 12,211 Total equity 16,494 12,293 14,153 9
10 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position For the six months ended 31 December 2013 to 30 June note '000s '000s '000s Liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax Current liabilities Trade and other payables 2,034 1,612 2,984 Current tax payable ,246 2,012 3,184 Total liabilities 2,560 2,026 3,242 Total equity and liabilities 19,054 14,319 17,395 10
11 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity For the six months ended 31 December Share Share Retained Other Reverse Retranslation Total capital premium earnings reserves acquisition Reserve reserve '000s '000s '000s '000s '000s '000s '000s As at 1 July ,387 4,863 9, (4,695) (2) 10,637 Profit after tax for the period - - 1, ,804 Dividends - - (279) (279) Retranslation reserve Issue of share capital Share based payments As at 31 December ,396 4,953 10, (4,695) 3 12,293 As at 1 July ,387 4,863 9, (4,695) (2) 10,637 Profit after tax for the year - - 3, ,419 Dividends - - (279) (279) Issue of share capital Retranslation reserve (4) (4) Share based payments As at 30 June 1,414 5,147 12, (4,695) (6) 14,153 As at 1 July 1,414 5,147 12, (4,695) (6) 14,153 Profit after tax for the period - - 2, ,187 Retranslation reserve Issue of share capital Share buyback (see note 7) - - (81) (81) Share based payments As at 31 December 1,426 5,295 14, (4,695) 22 16,494 - Share capital is the amount subscribed for shares at nominal value. - Share premium represents the excess of the amount subscribed for Share capital over the nominal value net of the share issue expenses. - Retained earnings represents the cumulative earnings of the Group attributable to equity shareholders. - The reverse acquisition reserve relates to the adjustment required to account the reverse acquisition in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. - Other reserves relate to the charge for the share based payments in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard 2. - Retranslation reserve relates to the retranslation of a foreign subsidiary into the functional currency of the Group. 11
12 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the six months ended 31 December 2013 to 30 June note '000s '000s '000s Cash flow from operating activities 5 1,487 2,024 5,297 Tax paid (89) (66) (100) Net cash generated from operating activities 1,398 1,958 5,197 Cash flow from investing activities Purchase of intangible fixed assets (825) (690) (1,408) Purchase of tangible fixed assets (467) (165) (607) Sale of tangible fixed assets Interest received Net cash used in investing activities (1,280) (839) (1,995) Cash flows from financing activities Equity dividends paid - - (279) Share buyback (81) - - Share issue Net cash generated from financing activities Increase in cash and cash equivalents 197 1,218 3,234 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 9,306 6,072 6,072 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period. 9,503 7,290 9,306 Increase/(Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents from: Continuing operations 197 1,251 3,268 Discontinued operations - (33) (34) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 197 1,218 3,234 The above does not include the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents due to its immaterial nature. 12
13 Notes to Interim Financial Statements For the six months ended 31 December 1. GENERAL INFORMATION Dotdigital Group Plc is a company incorporated in England and Wales and quoted on the AIM market. 2. BASIS OF INFORMATION These consolidated interim financial have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union and on a historical basis, using the accounting policies which are consistent with those set out in the Group's annual report and accounts for the year ended 30 June. The interim financial information for the six months ember, which complies with IAS 34 'Interim Financial Reporting' has been approved by the Board of Directors on 24 February The unaudited interim financial information for the period ended 31 December does not constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 435 of the Companies Act The comparative figures for the year ended 30 June are extracted from the statutory financial statements which have been filed with the Registrar of Companies and contain an unqualified audit report and did not contain statements under Section 498 to 502 of the Companies Act SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June, as described in those financial statements. Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to expected total earnings. 13
14 Notes to Interim Financial Statements For the six months ended 31 December 4. EARNINGS PER SHARE 2013 to 30 June Continuing operations and discontinued operations Earnings per Ordinary share: Basic (pence) Diluted (pence) Continuing operations Earnings per Ordinary share: Basic (pence) Diluted (pence) There is no difference in the weighted average number of shares used for the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share as the effect of all notiently dilutive share outstanding was anti-dilutive. Discontinuing operations Earnings per Ordinary share: Basic (pence) - (0.02) (0.01) Diluted (pence) - (0.02) (0.01) 2013 to 30 June '000s '000s '000s From continuing operations Profit for the year attributable to the owners of the parent 2,187 1,804 3,419 Adjustments to exclude loss from discontinued operations Profit for the period from continuing operations for the purpose of basic earnings per share excluding discontinued operations 2,187 1,858 3,460 14
15 4. EARNINGS PER SHARE (cont..) dotdigital Group Plc Notes to Interim Financial Statements For the six months ended 31 December Weighted average number of shares in issue as follows: 2013 to 30 June Weighted average number Basic 284,907, ,172, ,107,898 Diluted 292,274, ,365, ,380,434 The denominators an numerators used are the same as those detailed above for both basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations. 5. RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING PROFIT TO NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 2013 to 30 June '000s '000s '000s Profit before income tax 2,540 2,108 3,600 Adjustments for: Depreciation and amortisation ,117 Loss on disposal of fixed assets Share based payments Finance income (12) (9) (20) Currency revaluation 28 5 (4) Increase in trade and other receivables (890) (271) (769) (Decrease)/Increase in trade and other payables (950) (348) 1,303 Net cash from operating activates 1,487 2,024 5, CALLED UP SHARE CAPITAL The issued share capital as at 31 December was 285,212,065, Ordinary Shares of per share (30 June : 282,882,065 Ordinary Shares of per share as per the audited accounts). 15
16 Notes to Interim Financial Statements For the six months ended 31 December 7. RETAINED EARNINGS 285, ordinary shares with an aggregate nominal value of 1,425 were purchased during the period and are held in treasury. Distributable reserves have been reduced by 81,225, being the consideration paid for these shares. 8. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS The measurement requirements of IFRS2 have been implemented in respect of the share options that were granted after 7 November The expense recognised for share based payments made during the period is 47,000 (31 Dec 2013: 27,000, 30 June : 69,000). In addition to the options issued up to 30 June, as outlined in the statutory financial statements, The Board of Directors also granted 1,525,000 options to employees of the Group exercisable on or after 28 November 2016 until 27 November Vesting conditions of the options dictate that the employee must remain part of the Group up to the date they choose to exercise their options to qualify. 9. RELATED PARTY NOTE Transactions between the company and its subsidiaries, who are related parties, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Key management remuneration: Key management include Directors and the Company Secretary. The remuneration paid for key management for employee services are as follows: 2013 to 30 June '000s '000s '000s Remuneration and other short term benefits Share based payments - (5) 15 Pension cost ,023 Directors & Non-Executive Directors Aggregate emoluments Company contributions to money purchase pension scheme Share based payment - (5)
17 Notes to Interim Financial Statements For the six months ended 31 December 9. RELATED PARTY NOTE (cont.) 2013 to 30 June '000s '000s '000s The following transactions were carried out with related parties Sale of services Entities controlled by non - executive director of the Group: Cadence Performance Ltd - marketing services Purchase of services Entities controlled by non-executive directors of the Group Barretts of Old Limited At the 16 December, it was approved that the company setup a Long Term Incentive program for Simone Barratt based on performance conditions of the group for the next three years. The performance conditions and targets for the share award are below: FY 14/15 FY15/16 FY16/17 Revenue * EBITDA * Share Price 35p 42p * * Year 3 numbers to be ratified in March 2015 once year 3 plans and guidance have been approved by the Board and communicated. Each Performance element will be awarded a 1/3 weighting of the overall annual value of 330k (Hitting 100% of target) worth of shares based on the average mid-market price measured over 5 days starting 30 working days after the results announcement. At the end of each financial year the remuneration committee will assess the actual performance against the criteria. 17
18 Notes to Interim Financial Statements For the six months ended 31 December 9. RELATED PARTY NOTE (cont.) For each criteria the value of shares that is awarded will be assessed against the performance percentage based in the below table for all 3 years: Of performance target Revenue EBITDA Share price TOTAL 90% 90,000 90,000 90, , % 110, , , , % 121, , , , % 132, , , ,000 * The share price will be calculated by the average mid-market price 30 days preceding and 30 days after the annual results announcement. The volume of shares will be banked each year based on the above criteria but will be allocated to the Executive Director at a nil cost over a 3 year period following the end of FY16/ SUBSEQUENT EVENTS TO 31 DECEMBER As at the date of these statements and the date they were approved by the Board of Directors there were no such events to report. Copies of this interim statement are available form the Company at its registered office at, No. 1 London Bridge, London Bridge, London SE1 9BG. The interim financial information document will also be available on the Company's website 18
EU Supply Plc ( EU Supply, the Company or the Group ) Interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2015
9 September EU Supply Plc ( EU Supply, the Company or the Group ) Interim results for the six months ended EU Supply, the e-procurement SaaS provider, is pleased to announce its unaudited interim results
Hydrogen Group Plc 15 September 2015 UNAUDITED RESULTS FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2015 The Board of Hydrogen Group plc ( Hydrogen or the Group ) (AIM: HYDG) announces its unaudited results for the
PACE PLC CHANGE OF FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATIONAL CURRENCY AND COMPARATIVES RE-PRESENTED IN US DOLLARS Introduction Pace announced at the time of its preliminary results announcement that the Board had
15 September 2011 VOLEX PLC ( Volex or the Group ) Transition to US Dollar reporting Restatement of historical financial information in US Dollars
15 September VOLEX PLC ( Volex or the Group ) Transition to US Dollar reporting Restatement of historical financial information in US Dollars As communicated in our annual financial statements for the
The ReThink Group plc ( ReThink Group or the Group ) Unaudited Interim Results. Profits double as strategy delivers continued improved performance
The ReThink Group plc ( ReThink Group or the Group ) Unaudited Interim Results Profits double as strategy delivers continued improved performance The Group (AIM: RTG), one of the UK s leading recruitment
27 September 2016 Next Fifteen Communications Group plc Interim results for the six months ended 31 July 2016
27 September 2016 Next Fifteen Communications Group plc Interim results for the six months Next Fifteen Communications Group plc ( Next 15 or the Group ), the digital communications group, today announces
16 March 2016 STILO INTERNATIONAL PLC Preliminary Announcement of Results for Year Ended 31 December 2015 Stilo International plc ("Stilo", the Group or the "Company") today announces its results for the
Unaudited Interim Report For the 6 months ended 30 September 2014 Directors Report The last six months has continued to be a period of growth and development for the Company, highlighted by a number of
Thu, 24th Jul 2014 07:00 RNS Number : 1728N RTC Group PLC 24 July 2014 RTC Group Plc ("RTC", "the Company" or "the Group") Interim results for the six months June 2014 RTC Group Plc,the business services
*Adjusted basic earnings per share is defined as profit attributable to shareholders before restructuring expenses net of tax
RNS Number : 0981D Tangent Communications PLC November 2010 Results Tangent Communications plc, a leading integrator of technology and marketing strategy, today announces interim results for the period
Issued on behalf of AssetCo plc Date: Friday 29 June 2012 Immediate Release Statement by the Chairman, Tudor Davies AssetCo plc ( AssetCo or the Company ) Results for the six-month period ended 31 March
IMMEDIA GROUP PLC ( Immedia or the Company ) INTERIM RESULTS Immedia Group Plc (AIM: IME), which provides bespoke digital networks, music strategies and brand conversation, today announces its interim
Capcon Holdings plc. Interim Report 2011. Unaudited interim results for the six months ended 31 March 2011
Capcon Holdings plc Interim Report 2011 Unaudited interim results for the six months ended 31 March 2011 Capcon Holdings plc ("Capcon" or the "Group"), the AIM listed investigations and risk management
12 May 2011 Crimson Tide plc Preliminary Announcement of Results to 2010 Crimson Tide plc ( Crimson Tide or the Company ), a leading service provider of mobile data and software solutions for business,
Net cash balances at the year-end were 2.87 million (2014: 2.15 million) and total capital expenditure during the year was 626,000 (2014: 386,000).
Preliminary Announcement for the year ended 30 September 2015 Chairman s Statement The result for the year to 30 September 2015 is a net Profit before Taxation of 1,869,000 (2014: 1,333,000), on Revenues
Interim Financial Report For the six months ended 30 September 2006 Chairman s statement 1 Consolidated profit and loss account 4 Consolidated statement of total recognised gains and losses 5 Consolidated
Abbey plc ( Abbey or the Company ) Interim Statement for the six months ended 31 October 2007 The Board of Abbey plc reports a profit before taxation of 18.20m which compares with a profit of 22.57m for
ARM Holdings plc Consolidated balance sheet - IFRS 30 June 31 December 2010 2009 Unaudited Audited 000 000 Assets Current assets: Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents 53,746 34,489 Short-term investments
5 September EMPRESARIA GROUP PLC Half Yearly Results for the six months ended Empresaria Group plc ( Empresaria or the Group, AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group announces its unaudited
HARVEY NASH GROUP PLC ( Harvey Nash or the Group ) Harvey Nash, the international executive recruitment and IT outsourcing group, announces strong results and an increased dividend for the year ended 31
30 CHANGES IN EQUITY, SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES Year ended 31 December 2008 Year ended 31 December 2007 Attributable Outside Total Attributable Outside Total to interests to interests shareholders shareholders
Directors Report 2013 Iris Insurance Brokers Limited Directors Report for the Year Ended 30 September 2013 Directors Report 2013 Contents Who we are 1 Key developments 1 Operational highlights 1 Financial
Registered number 123456 Large Company Limited Report and Accounts 31 December 2009 Report and accounts Contents Page Company information 1 Directors' report 2 Statement of directors' responsibilities
Volex Group plc. Transition to International Financial Reporting Standards Supporting document for 2 October 2005 Interim Statement. 1.
Volex Group plc Transition to International Financial Reporting Standards Supporting document for 2 October 2005 Interim Statement 1. Introduction The consolidated financial statements of Volex Group plc
Financial information for the 9 days to 30 June 2007 and proforma financial information for the 6 months to 30 June 2007
Financial information for the 9 days to 30 June 2007 and proforma financial information for the 6 months to 30 June 2007 Highlights Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC ( Moneysupermarket.com ), the UK s leading
27 September, 2016 Savannah Petroleum PLC ( Savannah or the Company ) Half Year Results Savannah Petroleum PLC ( Savannah ), together with its subsidiaries (together the Group ), today announces its unaudited
Adslot Ltd ABN 70 001 287 510 and controlled entities. Half-Year Financial Report 31 December 2013. Lodged with the ASX under Listing Rule 4.2A.
Adslot Ltd ABN 70 001 287 510 and controlled entities Half-Year Financial Report 31 December 2013 Lodged with the ASX under Listing Rule 4.2A.3 The half-year financial report does not include full disclosures
3 September 2007 REGUS GROUP PLC INTERIM RESULTS SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2007 Regus, the world s largest provider of outsourced workplaces, announces today its interim results for the six months ended
Charteris plc Interim Report 2007 Charteris plc, the business and IT consultancy, announces its interim results for the six months to 31 January 2007. HIGHLIGHTS Trading for the first half in line with
Index to the 31 March 2016 Interim Financial Report Index to Interim Report 1 Director s Report 2-3 Condensed Statement of Comprehensive Income 4 Condensed Statement of Changes in Equity 5 Condensed Statement
Mitchells & Butlers plc Accounting policies under IFRS 7 December 2005 Background With effect from 2 October 2005, Mitchells & Butlers plc ( the Group ) is required to prepare its consolidated financial
Transition to International Financial Reporting Standards Topps Tiles Plc In accordance with IFRS 1, First-time adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ), Topps Tiles Plc, ( Topps
Registered number 123456 Small Company Limited Report and Accounts 31 December 2007 Report and accounts Contents Page Company information 1 Directors' report 2 Accountants' report 3 Profit and loss account
K3 BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GROUP PLC ( K3 or the Group ) Announces. Unaudited Half Yearly Report For the six months to 30 June 2009.
KBT 2 September K3 BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GROUP PLC ( K3 or the Group ) Announces Half Yearly Report For the six months Key Points Encouraging results in more difficult trading environment demonstrate resilience
Proposed acquisition of LGT Asset Management Division and Preliminary Results for the year ended ember 1997 30 January 1998 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE The Board of AMVESCAP PLC has entered into an agreement
32Red Plc ( 32Red or the Company ) Interim results for the six months 30 June 2012 32Red, the award-winning online gaming operator, today reports interim results for the six months 30 June 2012. Key Financials:
Reconciliations between IFRS and UK GAAP The following reconciliations provide a quantification of the effect of the transition to IFRS. The following seven reconciliations provide details of the impact
10 th March 2015 Embargoed until 7.00 a.m. InterQuest Group plc ( InterQuest or Group ) The InterQuest Group is a specialist recruitment business operating in high growth areas in the new digital economy
Patisserie Holdings plc ( the Group ) Interim results for the 6 months ended 31 March 2015 Patisserie Holdings plc, the leading UK branded café and casual dining group, today reports its interim results
Interim Results for the six month period ended 30 September 2009 Chairman s statement for the six month period ended 30 September 2009 Introduction I am pleased to present the Group s half-yearly results
Interim Financial Report as at 30 June 2015 Interim Financial Report for the six months ended 30 June 2015 CONTENTS Page Directors' report 1 Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as at 30
21 August 2007 Company Announcements Office Australian Stock Exchange Limited, Melbourne By E-lodgement Preliminary Final Report This release contains an announcement to the Australian Stock Exchange Limited
For Immediate Release 5 September BELVOIR! BELVOIR LETTINGS PLC (the "Company" or "Belvoir") Interim Results for the six months ended Belvoir Lettings PLC (AIM: BLV), the UK's largest property franchise,
A: (SEA) : SeaDragon Limited Reporting Period Previous Reporting Period Results for announcement to the market 12 months to 31 March 2013 12 months to 31 March 2012 Revenue from continuing ordinary activities
Storage Wireless Wireline telecom CML Microsystems Plc designs, manufactures and markets a range of semiconductors for global industrial and professional applications within the storage, wireless and wireline
Interim Report 2002/3 Highlights Financial results Turnover increased by 42% to 111.7m (2001: 78.6m) Profit before tax, goodwill and exceptional item increased by 2% to 15.3m (2001: 15.1m) Earnings per
18 July 2013 For immediate release ARBUTHNOT BANKING GROUP ( Arbuthnot, the Group or ABG ) Results for the six months to 30 June 2013 Sustained growth Arbuthnot Banking Group has seen good growth in all
Staff Education Note 1: Cash flow Statements Accounting and Reporting Policy FRS 102 Staff Education Note 1 Cash flow statements Disclaimer This Education Note has been prepared by FRC staff for the convenience
Fyffes delivers further growth in revenue and earnings Preliminary Results Restated Change % Total revenue (incl share of joint ventures) 1,082.2m 1,017.8m +6.3% EBITDA* 40.0m 40.0m +0.0% EBITA* 32.7m
Fairpoint Group plc Interim Results for the six months ended 30 June 2011 13 September 2011 Fairpoint Group plc ( Fairpoint or the Group ) today announces its interim results for the six months ended 30
Surface Transforms Plc. ( Surface Transforms or the Company ) Half-year financial results for the six months ended 30 November 2015
3 February 2016 Surface Transforms Plc. ( Surface Transforms or the Company ) Half-year financial results for the six months 30 November Surface Transforms, (AIM:SCE) manufacturers of carbon fibre reinforced
The following is the text of an announcement made today by HSBC Bank Malta p.l.c., a 70.03 per cent indirectly held subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc.
We only advise on our own life assurance, pensions and unit trusts The following is the text of an announcement made today by HSBC Bank Malta p.l.c., a 70.03 per cent indirectly held subsidiary of HSBC
Unaudited interim financial information 2010 Unifying your world Contents Page Chief Executive Officer s report 1 Group statement of comprehensive income 3 Group statement of changes in shareholders equity
83 Consolidated balance sheet December 31 Non-current assets Goodwill 14 675.1 978.4 Other intangible assets 14 317.4 303.8 Property, plant, and equipment 15 530.7 492.0 Investment in associates 16 2.5
21 November Imaginatik Plc ( Imaginatik or the Company ) Interim Results Imaginatik plc (AIM: IMTK.L), a leading provider of enterprise innovation services including a range of technology products and
Rexam Annual Report 83 Consolidated financial statements Consolidated financial statements: Independent auditors report to the members of Rexam PLC 84 Consolidated income statement 87 Consolidated statement
K3 Business Technology Group plc. Unaudited Half Yearly Report for the six months to 31 December 2014
K3 Business Technology Group plc Unaudited Half Yearly Report for the six months to 31 December 2014 World World Class Class Software. Software. World World Class Class Service. Service. K3 Business Technology
News Release 31 March 2010 Midas Capital announces preliminary results for the year to 31 December 2009 Midas Capital plc, the AIM quoted company Fund Management company, announces its preliminary results
Cork Institute of Technology Bachelor of Business in Accounting Award Bachelor of Business in Management - Award Instructions Answer FOUR questions Answer all THREE questions in Section A and ONE question
1. Details of reporting period Half year ended 31 December 2011. 2.1 Revenue from ordinary activities Down 0.15% to $639.5 million
21 February 2012 The Manager Company Announcements Office 10th Floor 20 Bond Street SYDNEY NSW 2001 Dear Sir, Results for announcement to the market Watpac Limited 31 December 2011 Appendix 4D 1. Details
Sterling Green Group plc ( Sterling Green or the Company ) Half yearly results for the six month period ended 30 September 2011
22 December Sterling Green Group plc ( Sterling Green or the Company ) Half yearly results for the six month period CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Introduction I present the Group s interim results for the six month
One of our core values is to Brew a Better World. With that as our aim, we work to design, source, and manufacture products that benefit the communities we touch while minimizing our environmental impact. Our primary emphasis is on recyclability as we focus our resources on converting all of our K-Cup® pods in Canada to a recyclable format by the end of 2018 – two years ahead of our North American goal of 2020.
Our solution is simple: the pods are designed so consumers can peel off the foil lid, compost the coffee grounds, and recycle the #5 plastic cup, alongside other recyclable containers from your home, in local community recycling programs.
Keurig® has been partnering with recyclers across North America for the past two years to ensure that our pods are valued and can easily travel from recycling bins at homes to recovery facilities to a useful second life as a new durable good.
We also continue to prioritize efficient operations, programs that address product waste, and ongoing research to better understand the impacts of our value chain.
From the design of our coffee makers and the cultivation of coffee and tea, all the way through end-of-life disposal, we aim to understand our impacts and leave communities and people better off as the result of our business. We use tools such as life-cycle assessments and GHG and water footprinting to achieve a good understanding of the impacts our products have across the value chain. We use that knowledge to improve our decision-making so our products become more sustainable over time.
Water is a critical natural resource that is strategically important to our Company, our stakeholders, and the communities in which we operate. Our direct operations don’t require a lot of water, but water is an essential ingredient for the beverages consumers make using the Keurig® system. We seek to understand water use across our coffee value chain and work to connect people to clean water and restore water to people and nature.
Keurig prioritizes responsible management of our operations as one aspect of our work to create more sustainable products. We strive to use resources efficiently and reduce our environmental impacts by focusing on energy use, GHG emissions, and waste diversion. For the past few years, we have been steadily increasing the amount of waste we divert from landfill, and in fiscal 2016, we achieved a 93% overall diversion rate.
The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. The languages only differ in their grammar, their pronunciation and their habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas
A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradise matic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road.
I'm a partner in http://www.ericarvision.com/costco-pharmacy-in-dc-b9f1.pdf costco pharmacy in dc Relatives of the missing wailed and clung to one another, as heavy machinery lifted the largest slabs of concrete away. Dozens of rescue workers hacked away with crowbars at the flattened remains of what was once a five-story building.
"Now the diocese is saying, âOur priests raped your kids, we've ruined your families, we stole your faith, but because we're financially savvy, we've moved our assets. I'm sorry victims - you don't get any,'" Manly said.
How long have you lived here? https://ecl-ips.com/generika-viagra-cialis-2ab0.pdf#honestly cialis miglior prezzo italia "Many customers have moved from the 'doing your homework'stage toward moving pen to paper and placing orders," saidMorningstar analyst Daniel Holland. "It is encouraging to seecustomers willing to sign agreements for a new piece of capitalequipment. That indicates a level of certainty in the economicsituation."
Who do you work for? https://highercoding.co.uk/health-park-pharmacy-raleigh-nc-dbb1.pdf#poured waterford health park pharmacy ltd First, let's not forget that we started this late-arriving summer with more-than- adequate water already in the soil (thanks to all the rain last year) and if we applied moisture-retaining mulches early in the spring, as we are all supposed to do, they should be doing just that. Even so, some plants are showing signs of stress, so the following list of priorities may be helpful.
Where's the nearest cash machine? http://hillparkmedicalcenter.com/revitashape-free-trial-51b6.pdf#deploy revitashape cellulite cream The rouble firmed to a two-week high against the dollar andtreasury bond yields declined, reflecting increased demand forriskier assets, which have benefited from excess liquiditycreated by the Fed's stimulus.
Did you go to university? https://www.rms-recruitment.co.uk/ak-globalhealthcom-5e0a.pdf trusted-rx-purchase.com Just days away from leaving his familys nest in Vienna, N.J., for his freshman year in college, Tyler Kozimor is quickly finding out that heading back to school means diving into the bank account.
I'm at Liverpool University https://ecl-ips.com/pisos-baratos-en-benicarlo-2ab0.pdf#mill pisos de alquiler baratos en benicarlo particulares It comes after the UK last month took steps to limit British arms exports to Egypt as it withdrew five licences consisting of components for armoured fighting infantry vehicles, communication equipment for tanks and machine gun parts.
What's the current interest rate for personal loans? http://www.justridingalong.com/deys-medical-minibus-route-f6ab.pdf deys medical head office Under the agreement Brookfield, Mitsui and FGTS will sharecontrol of VLI under a shareholder's agreement, Vale said.Mitsui already owns 15 percent of Valepar, which controls Valethrough a 53 percent voting stake.
How many days will it take for the cheque to clear? http://www.electriccityuk.com/xyngular-flush-price-1458.pdf xyngular ignite recipes In their defence, the beneficiaries of the will who ran the trust claimed that the maharaja was angry with his daughter Amrit Kaur for marrying a police officer, and "therefore excluded her from the will".
Across the country, the tipoff of the 2012 NCAA College Basketball Tournament has caused a massive drop off in work productivity. Allstate’s latest March Madness-themed Twitter promotion certainly isn’t helping the employers’ cause.
On the official Allstate Insurance Twitter profile, the staff generally keeps busy responding to mentions and complaints from other Twitter users. This sort of activity usually constitutes about 5-10 tweets per day. For the last couple days, though, they have been scouring the social network not only for tweets about their own brand, but also for users tweeting about March Madness.
As a corporate sponsor of the tournament, Allstate is giving away 5,000 codes offering free access to the NCAA March Madness Live app. The app itself is free, but it costs $3.99 to stream games live. On Twitter, Allstate has been pro-actively responding to Twitter users who post about the tournament to make them aware of the deal. Since yesterday, Allstate has reached out to at least 70 Twitter users with tweets such as the following:
Clearly, Allstate sees this giveaway as a chance to boost its number of Twitter followers. As the above tweets show, some users must follow @Allstate in order to receive the code via direct message (DM). Allstate already boasts one of the largest Twitter followings in the insurance industry, at over 26,000. Although the gains from this campaign may only modestly add to that total, Allstate deserves credit for finding creative ways to engage their Twitter audience.
Short Description: Presenting 360° View of the Companies Act 2013 with section-wise Arrangement of all Circulars, Orders, Rules, Notifications and Forms including Procedures, Checklists, FAQs and Judicial Precedents.
Corporate Law Referencer (CLR) presents the Companies Act 2013 in a unique way where all the Circulars, Orders, Rules, Notifications (CORN) and Forms along with the Procedures, Checklists, FAQs and Judicial Precedents related to a particular section are arranged just below that section so as to give a 360 degree view of the respective section.
•10 Quick Reference Tables consolidating various important topics such as highlights on the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017, fees, stamp duty rates, compliances based on threshold limits, registers, committees, website disclosures, exemptions to private companies etc. 13 concise Tables consolidating various topics such as fees, stamp duty rates, compliances based on threshold limits, registers, committees, website disclosures, exemptions to private companies etc.
• Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008 along with Circulars, Rules and Notifications placed under the relevant section
Get free access to Companies Act 2013 updated on a real time basis with section wise arrangement of Circulars, Orders, Rules and Notifications at www.corporatelawreporter.com Register with Unique Code inside to get access with an option to copy
“…a commendable attempt…this “Referencer” would serve as benchmark in understanding the provisions of law and will improve the quality of professional services…”
“…this Book will provide the much needed support to the practitioners and Industries so that they always remain on the
“…a good book… analysing and putting together all the provisions, circulars, forms, practical guidance and comparative analysis with respect to each subject matter at one place…”
“… one point reference for all corporate professionals and students… comprehensive with well structured sections/chapters…making it a simple and interesting read for all the readers…”
Corporate Law Referencer is not a typical book on Companies Act, 2013. It’s specially written by the Professionals for the Professionals. A lot of care and attention has been given to the reader’s mindset and needs. CLR understands, listens and connects with its readers in multiple ways and therefore seeks to create a unique experience for its readers.
Unless you are already the loyal reader of any or all of our previous 3 editions, I promise you that you are soon going to fall in love with CLR. In fact, if you start reading CLR, you will not enjoy reading any other book on the Companies Act, 2013. The more you read CLR, the more you will love it.
With Corporate Law Referencer, all you need to remember is that the Companies Act, 2013 is just 470 sections. Let the 100s of Circulars, Orders, Rules and Notifications (CORN) issued on several sections of the Companies Act, 2013 not confuse you anymore. This is because all the relevant rules, clarifications and amendments i.e. the entire CORN are placed just below each section so that you get a 360º understanding of the section without flipping pages. So just jump to the relevant section and you can be sure of not missing, even a single word notified about that section by the Legislature.
Below each section in Corporate Law Referencer, you will find Quick Referencers, which provide section wise procedures and compliance checklists under the Companies Act, 2013 in a very practical way.
Unlike other books, you don’t need to refer different volumes or flip pages to find Forms. In Corporate Law Referencer you get the format of non e-forms right below the Quick Referencer below the relevant section. Soft copy(ies) of such Non e-Forms are also available for download on www.corporatelawreporter.com.
Corporate Law Referencer covers over 450 Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) below the relevant sections which represent grey areas as well as interpretations of law on several practical issues faced by professionals. Along with the FAQs is also mentioned the opinion of the authors on those practical issues or grey areas. So, next time before asking queries to your friends or seniors, have a look at the FAQs just below the relevant section. You may be pleasantly surprised to find your exact query and the answer by the experts.
Corporate Law Referencer captures over 120 select landmark judgments as judicial precedents under the respective sections along with brief headnotes. Only select judgments that extend the meaning or interpretation of any section and which do not contradict/merely repeat the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, have been included. Moreover, special care has been taken to keep it brief and extract key ratios from the long judgments.
10 Quick Reference Tables are provided at the beginning of the book, providing crisp and condensed information on the relevant topics of frequent use by Practitioners.
We understand that in this Twitter world, time is the scarcest commodity. At eMinds Legal, our mission is Simplifying Law. We have, therefore placed all the content in Corporate Law Referencer in such a short and crisp manner so that you get maximum value in minimum words. This approach has also helped us to consistently reduce the number of pages from the previous editions while substantially increasing the coverage, content and the overall value in CLR. The comprehensiveness of the book makes it a useful resource that you can carry to client’s offices, government departments, Courts, your office or home or anywhere for quick referencing and reading.
Corporate Law Referencer has been authored by a team of professionals at eMinds Legal, which is a Corporate Law Firm based in Gurgaon, India, specializing in Corporate Laws and Compliances. The rich academic and practical experience of the authors on the Companies Act has been distilled and condensed in this book for the benefit of the readers. We, at eMinds Legal use this book as a Bible in our own secretarial practice and it works wonderfully for us.
All the 470 sections of the Companies Act, 2013 along with Circulars, Orders, Rules and Notifications (CORN) are available on Corporate Law Reporter – www.corporatelawreporter.com, updated on a real time basis. We would encourage you to register on Corporate Law Reporter and benefit by the daily legal updates on Corporate and Business Laws as well access the entire updated Companies Act, 2013 along with CORN.
Started in 2015, 3 new and updated editions of Corporate Law Referencer have been published every year without any gap. You are currently reading the 4th Edition of Corporate Law Referencer for FY 2018-19. We plan to come up with our next updated edition for FY 2019-20 in April, 2019 with more features and updates. As previous editions of CLR may not be available in future, we encourage you to grace your library with all the Editions of Corporate Law Referencer every year sequentially, so that we both can witness, understand, appreciate and preserve the letter of law as it changes.
Feedback is the breakfast of Champions. We would love to have your valuable feedback as to what would you like to see in the 5th Edition of Corporate Law Referencer in April, 2019.
You can directly connect with me at the coordinates below. You can also follow me on Twitter for important updates.
Fine dining meets entomology! This class will focus on the preparation of familiar cuisine using a popular (yet commonly misunderstood) protein source from all over the world – insects! This class will focus on creating dishes which feature insects as the main ingredient, prepared in a variety of ways, as well as an education in why eating insects are good for both you and the planet. Includes wine and a chance to chat with our expert chefs.
The Des Moines Social Club is passionate about creating accessible arts and culture opportunities for all members of the Des Moines community. For a scholarship application, please email education@desmoinessocialclub.org.
This is about a family whose members have their own secrets. The story begins when Ragil (Vino Bastian), Adek (Tara Basro) and Raga (Tora Sudiro), finish gathering at his father's house. After they return home, the conflicts experienced by these three brothers unfold. Ragil tries to cover up his big secret from family, Adek has a terrible mystical event, and Raga has a problem with love.
Hoax is the re-editing of One Day When the Rain Falls by its producer. The original version of the film is shown exclusively in Jakarta and Yogyakarta.
Now that we've gotten through the holidays, convention season is almost upon us! Kicking things off in 2012 will be Mike Carbo's New York Comic Book Marketplace.
Taking place on Saturday March 31, 2012 at the Penn Plaza Pavillion, NYCBM will be featuring some big names from the comic industry. The guest of honor is none other than Mr. Stan Lee himself, and he'll be surrounded by other legends like Joe Sinnott, Dick Ayers, Jim Steranko, Irwin Hasen, Mark Royer, Arthur Suydam, Bob McLeod, Rich Buckler and many more.
In addition to the stellar guest list, the show will feature over 100 dealers, and you'll find everything from twenty-five cent comics to DVDs of your favorite childhood cartoons.
As the spiritual successor to the old Big Apple shows, the NYCBM provides an opportunity to meet and actually spend some time with the creators you'd wait in line fo hours for at bigger shows. There's tons of deals to be had, and a good chance you'll bump into us as well.
Head over to www.nycbm.com for more info, as further details and ticket prices will be announced soon.
WindowsSecurity.com is in no way affiliated with Microsoft Corp. *Links are sponsored by advertisers.
Copyright © 2014 TechGenix Ltd. All rights reserved. Please read our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Lately, Singaporean literature has started experiencing a sea swap, with the fast tale shape having fun with a renaissance. accordingly, an explosion of brief fiction with a Singaporean flavour has been produced to extraordinary influence, either through rising and demonstrated writers. For the prose fanatic, it's a very intriguing time.
Next Next post: Download e-book for iPad: Cytodifferentiation and Macromolecular Synthesis by Michael Locke
Toronto, ontario, canada girls looking for men i am real easy person to talk to and a good listener i love to play golf and i enjoy chilling` with my friend/family i like going to the movies or watching movies in my room, i like swimming, fishing, listening to. Whether you want black, white, older, younger, big, or hot women dating ads online, we have it all bom is unlike any other date personals site in that it's fast to browse and provides a much more quality environment. Older women dating older men totally free cougar dating lesbian dating apps uk free black sex personals big tit girls giving head meet and fuck older women meet sexy dateing sites girls kissing asian alton downs blindian dating adult dating sex sites free young teen black girls nude straight men and gay men porn addicted. Meet thousands of fun, attractive american girls for any kind of relationships - online chat, freindship or marriage without any payment you may browse illinois ladies personal ads who share your interests and values. Here are the top hot girls as rated by you meet these hot girls now by creating your free account join now.
Register about when it comes to new sex tricks i know alot and want someone to show them too i am seeking a male who will be willing. Decatur illinois zeuszoey 59 single man seeking women life is about stepping out of your comfo this is the part if you wanna know anything you can ask,because this is how people get to know one another. Dating hot alton singles has never been easier at sexsearch we have plenty of hot singles that are waiting to meet you harwood heights free personals 40 years old single woman looking for men “looking to see if there are any real men out there” black hair, brown eyes, 5'2 and big breasts and sexy ass ' lilbitch69.
Alton's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in alton, alabama, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot black guys and girls in alton looking for love, sex, friendship, or a friday night date. Free online dating in alton for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other alton dating sites or chat rooms, you've found the best. Black singles | asian singles | latin dating whether you are looking for a few fun nights out to a alton night clubs with hot alton girls on the town or a long term relationship, keep things fun and light for now.
Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married dating with an asian, white, black, latino, interracial singles or couples for sex, adult friend finder is the sex dating site for you we have the hottest adult personals from atlanta to los angeles san diego to chicago, from san francisco to new york. Find a fuck buddy in illinois or even fuck buddies and get all the free sex and nsa action you can handle after taking my free guide on how to find a fuck buddy where you will learn everything you need to know about getting and. Lonely bbw is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and bbw dating sites as a member of lonely bbw, your profile will automatically be shown on related bbw dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge. Join bbw admire today, the free bbw dating site allowing larger women and their admirers to meet and connect meet bbw singles in your area with unlimted messages and our free bbw dating forum and chat room.
Find local girls in east alton illinois, sexy photos of single horny women that are fuck buddies, meet nude single women that wants fuck, men looking for nude pic of women for a hook up, 50 year old - 60 yr old woman who want a hook up, people looking for fuck buddies, naked women that loves to fuck, find a real hook up and contacts. Meet local black singles for free african american online dating in east alton, illinois at datehookupcom, join now and start chatting now connect with black professionals, christians, beautiful girls and guys in east alton il.
Start meeting singles in alton today with our free online personals and free alton chatpersonal ads for east alton, il are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to east alton. Gay cruising in the usa every city has its own hotspots for gay cruising and gay male hookups parks, clubs, bars, washrooms, gyms and hotels are common locations. The telegraph’s ‘fun 5’ events this weekend givin’ it all for guts recognizes disease management review: kevin hart, tiffany haddish grade out well in. See more of black women seeking white men on facebook log in forgot account or create new account not now community see all 12,256 people like this 12,473 people follow this black girls who date white old guys public figure afro meets euro personal blog white men dating black women club dating service.
You can choose your installments and financing plan during checkout. Your application is processed entirely online and will be completed with few steps here in our shop.
The Bartscher brand The company Bartscher GmbH is one of the leading companies in the European commercial kitchen industry. The product range includes a large selection of professional appliances, practical kitchen aids and innovative product solutions: anything that a modern commercial kitchen needs to work efficiently. used in restaurants, hotels, casinos, hospitals, canteens, cafeterias,
snack bars and many other mass caterers, are represented by the department of catering equipment manufactures brand appliances are available in a large number of countries
The manufacturers of capital goods for commercial kitchens, used in restaurants, hotels, casinos, hospitals, canteens, cafeterias, snack bars and many other mass caterers, are represented by the department of catering equipment manufactures brand appliances are available in a large number of countries within Europe via authorised retail partners. 2018. PDF document Data size: 70MB. 460 sides
Am Freitag, 16.11.2012 ab 15.30 Uhr öffnet der Waldorfkindergarten (gegenüber der Lipperlandhalle) seine Türen zu einem offenen Spielenachmittag.
Can My Landlord Make My Dog Leave The Premises is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Electric Dog Collar Reviews is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
We are honest with our surfers so you won't any shit on this site... Com - is your only free porn movies resource in the internet. Swimming near Masha, we slightly podeboshirili – dive under each other and floated close to each other, lightly touching the protruding parts of the body.I can not describe what I should podeboshirit only “slightly” – when you feel naked body of a woman next to him and realize that only one of your little movement – and she gladly she lashes out at you, she is the wife of my close friend, and he himself where somewhere near floats. At first everything was going pretty well-alcohol, fish, barbecue, dancing around the campfire: about 12 o’clock at night the crowd went to bathe, of course, wear trunks or swimsuits, at that time no one thought and did not arise.That’s fine – to swim naked in the river, and even more so next 2 swim naked women (only my sister, Taya said that a cold and slightly left on the shore).Only high quality top rated and categorized porn videos from amateur homemade movies till nasty perversions, absolutely for free.
Country marriage took place less importance on casual sex and regret it afterwards i rate a black domination mistress will make this time the best. Delhi Escort Service I am Alisha, 09811737042, Delhi Independent Escort and I am presented Escort Service in Delhi, Noida, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon area. We provide best, beautiful, hot and sexy Escort Services in Delhi NCR to discerning gentleman businessman.You are in right place, our chat rooms are enabled with high quality fast video chat servers.It is not like some other chat rooms with single room video options, in newchatworld we have video audio chatting system enabled in all rooms for both public and private video conversations.
method is based upon the decay of radioactive potassium-40 to radioactive argon-40 in minerals and rocks; potassium-40 also decays to calcium-40.
Welcome icq chat room, Icq provide best chatting rooms through web livechat meet singles, and do chat with girls, also free online chat rooms for teens, icq provide mobile dating and mobile chat rooms, live chat room, icq is best chatting site from chatting sites give live chat rooms, and also free online chat rooms Icq provide entertainment of web chat rooms online free, local singles from every country and citys, also icq entertain web users through games about chatting games.
You get a notification once someone reads the message you sent them. The VIP email resets every week on Monday and the message are normally highlighted in the receivers inbox.
Soon after, his longtime friend from Los Angeles, Ryan Rabin, arrived in Crete, as did London-born Sean Gadd, originally in Greece to visit his best friend, who had also been invited to the artists’ colony.
You can simply enter your email address in the form here on this page and an account will be created for you.
its just i've been on everyday and most of the time it just me so i really feel lonely without a clan to be there with or just talk to so after much thought i'm decided to leave clan
i will really miss this clan alot if ellie and every one ever come back and the clan get active like before let me know i will gladly join again
Partly its the same as you have say, I log on and there no party and so I start not to log on anymore.
and yeah i understand it's a game the reason for it is to have fun and if you not having fun there no point in playing
I also work leater and especially braiding. You need to split the stands to have the proper thickness and since leather splitters are really expenives, I built one with aluminium bars, a calibrated steel pin, four roller bearings and a planner blade (razor sharp).
As kids, most individuals have played the sport “I Spy With My Little Eye” where one child would covertly choose an object within his view and his buddy would guess what he had been looking at. Sometimes, the game would have been played with binoculars to make it tougher. There are HD pinhole cameras, spy camera watches, video and audio sunglasses, spy pens, listening gadgets, and some actual sneaky spy devices in places you never knew existed. Nonetheless spy gadgets should be employed in accordance and throughout the bounds of applicable privacy laws and these legal guidelines might alter between different states, areas or nations.
Ciggie Pack – Just like a pack of gum with a concealed spy digicam, a pack of cigarettes would even be another excellent place to put a spy camera which you’ll be able to carry and use on surveillance and monitoring work. One of the coolest items of spy tools from Wild Planet are the Spy Gear night Goggles.
Hidden cameras is likely to be the commonest pieces of spy gear available on the market in the present day. Pens and watches perform as recording units whereas preserving their authentic capabilities (pen for writing, watches … Read More
James Bond photos and different blockbuster spy films over time launched the extraordinary possibilities of spy devices to the world. There are additionally surveillance devices to control youngsters. Whereas spy gadgets are clear prerequisites for legislation enforcement agents and security personnel, customary folks can discover nice use for these devices. Tie Pin – if putting cameras or bugs within the clothing isn’t handy, putting them within equipment like tie pins, cuff links, brooches, and other similar objects could be better alternatives.
5. Gadgets for girls: girls use to carry some sparkling devices like iPods, cellphones, electrical watches with calorie meters, and electronic bracelets, etc. Previous spy expertise depicted in motion pictures involved shoe phones, small two-method buttons to click and chat and satellite phones.
Spy contraptions and applied sciences such as night time vision, thermal imaging, wire cameras and so much extra are integrated elements of standard video console video games comparable to Splinter Cell, Call of Obligation and different comparable P.C or console games.
People would in all probability make a purchase order of those cheaper devices unlike different difficult and extra costly electrical objects which would give possible customers second ideas in making purchases. Get footage or video … Read More
What makes men completely different from other creation is their means to use instruments and gadgets to shed light upon a wide variety of jobs. It stands for International Positioning System and such machine that uses GPS can observe down vehicles, cell telephones, and people. Each retailer provides a distinct choice of the gadgets. Usually these sorts of surveillance devices will likely be used by married couples to spy on one another.
Clock – these units are trusting looking contraptions that may appear as a extraordinary addition to any room, except that they are often fitted with a concealed digital camera or listening gadget. Cell-telephone – Virtually anybody is carrying a cell phone at present so it won’t awaken suspicion if folks find you utilizing your cell-phone however do not notice that you simply take footage or videos with out them noticing it.
These detectors can detect the presence of any hidden cameras or listening units quickly and easily. Another factor to be thought-about that prospects and outlets of spy gadgets should take is on the subject of the legalities associated to the use and utility of those tools.
What makes men completely different from other creation is their potential to use tools and devices to shed light upon a wide variety of jobs. The availability of surveillance gadgets out there is not limited. Remote audio recording devices will even allow you to eavesdrop on conversations happening anyplace from a couple of toes to hundreds of miles away. Other than that, you’re surely violating privateness laws if these surveillance devices were installed in really completely non-public locations akin to bedrooms and bogs.
Alarm Clock – These devices are trusting looking gadgets which is able to seem as a regular addition to any room, besides that they can be fitted with a spy digicam and nonetheless operate as another standard alarm clock. That is why it might not be correct to declare which between spy cameras or CCTV cameras are higher as it might all depend upon the exact software you mean to make use of these cameras.
Spy gadgets and significantly hid spy cameras can have worth-tags that ranges anyplace from as little as $20 to as excessive as couple of hundred bucks dependent on the features and included elements and accessories. This has additionally decreased the price of … Read More
Pictures enable us to seize occasions and moments in time and protect these for years. Then you have got TIME ZONE AND DATE, which it’s best to have put in once you switched on the camera initially or once you set it up. This offers you the choice to alter the time zone and date and if you change time zone also you get the option to vary that if you end up in SNAPBRIDGE.
The large-angle lens supplies the wider imaginative and prescient whenever you shoot the indoor photographs and the panorama pictures. Infrared security cameras are also very popular as they allow a picture to be seen in little or no lighting situations. What’s extra, with using an in-automobile camera system the time taken to resolve accidents will be considerably shortened and false accidents and claims easily disputed.
While the higher-finish digital evolution continues, the costs of the straightforward camera have crashed to such an extent that even youngsters and teenagers are proud house owners of uncomplicated cameras. However pondering that installing surveillance cameras on any random spots would fully defend a property and the folks is a false impression.
Option 2: The second choice is to put the cameras behind the room. Even as the technology has made deer cameras extra accessible and inexpensive, these were not the first path cams used. DVR, digital video recorder system, is the right method to build a pc and Web primarily based residence surveillance system.
6. Analyzing Tendencies – Maybe probably the most practical purposes, if none of the others are considered so, is the usage of Safety Cameras for monitoring and analyzing trends in retail conditions the place one must know the way many individuals to schedule throughout a particular part of the day or where they need to place certain merchandise on the sales flooring.
Plan your trip with our interactive Krakow Map section. Major routes through and around Cracow city.
Thank you all again for joining in our first blog hop!! We have checked all the blog comments and entries and will be posting the winners later today. Good Luck to all of you!!
Great inspiration from the design team. The colors are so nice. I love how everyone interprets them differently
Lectures are held at 7:45pm in the Lakeview Suite at Craigavon Civic and Conference Centre, Lakeview Road, Craigavon, BT64 1AL
Grandad I assume that you know that you have to set up the TV to match up with the soundbar even if its the same brand name.
Yes H. I have been through every possible routine but for some reason the TV does not detct the soundbar.
When I put my mobile phone on to bluetooth search it finds both the TV and the soundboar so I know that the bluetooth on both is functioning. Just that the TV doesn't find the bar?
Grandad, not being pedantic, but I think its the other way around and you have to tell the soundbar what TV it is connected to, just a thought.
Now here's a funny thing H. I switched on the TV and soundbar to listen to the news and, surprise surprise, I got an onscreen message asking if I wanted to receive sound via the soundbar. So, after a frustrating 3 days the bl**dy TV has decided to sort itself out.
But I must say, the sound through the soundbar is far superior to the TV with richer tones, no treble squeaks on some female voices and control of some base tones via the inbuilt woofer.
Grandad, I have mine hard wired with the optical connection a sits more reliable, but my base and woofer unit to the sound bar connects via Bluetooth.Yes you will find the sound far more superior than the TV set, mainly because the TV speakers face backwards due to modern slim surrounds. You will also find you have lots more sound options (usually on a controller) so you can change the type of sound from say news to cinema and it makes a huge difference. Of course what it can't do is make the abysmal sound quality of some programmes better
We are not sure whether it's just that we are getting older but we really struggle with sound on some programmes. They seem to think it is a brilliant idea to play music at a far louder volume than the dialogue
Indeed they do! I only realised recently that I tend to choose quieter programmes without really thinking about it.
One of my favourite programmes is Vera, the music matches the landscape, isn't over dramatic and I can concentrate on the twists and turns of the plot which is always very complex. one of the few programmes I record and watch time after time, like a favourite book. Lie To Me is another that I treasure.
Ooh I have never heard of Vera, will have a look Now that we can get UK TV we are finding all sorts of new programs, not just American which is all we seem to be able to get in Egypt! We have got a bit hooked on the Doctor Blake Series.
Yes I agree about them seeming to think that at some dramatic point in the program they have to have the background louder than the speech, couple that with muffled speech and regional accents and it gets to be hard work
As you are I assume still in France and can get UK TV, you may like to catch up on a brilliant BBC program called Versailles, it is as you may imagine a period drama about the palace, wonderfully costumed and using the actual palace. It is in its 3rd series now and to me it is a must to watch, full of intrigue and probably a very good representation of how it was to be in Louis XIV court. If you can get BBC I-player you can catch up.
We can't get BBC I-player, we use Freesat. We have got some of the earlier series saved as we got it for a friend in Egypt. Haven't actually got round to watching it yet.
Versailles is brilliant! The acting, the costumes the settings only surpassed by the script. I've been hooked from the beginning.
Vera is a very different kind of Police drama. The title role is played by Brenda Blethyn who of course is unique. I'm a big fan of hers.
My TV is on for most of the day as background noise and I don't really sit down to watch it until the evening. I much prefer Netflix and watch it 95% of the time simple because I can't stand the long loud and frequent TV advertisements that pepper TV programming. The higher sound level blasting out is what I object to most.
Haven't found any shows on Netflix lately that have really caught my attention. I almost think I've seen everything that is worthwhile but I'll keep hunting 'til I find something worth watching. Would be nice if I could get "Versailles" and I'll looking once I'm home but I doubt I'll find it.
On another note - today this morning (and last night too) I had to drink this horrible concoction for a CT Scan. Had it, got the results within an hour and everything is totally negative meaning I'm fine
LLL very glad the CT scan was all clear, it is so much better to get instant results isn't it? When we first registered for the French Health System I had a mammogram, an ultra sound & saw the consultant all in one appointment, after waiting for all of 3 days from the time I had my first appointment & medical with the GP Like you I was also all clear.
I agree about advert volume, I'm sure it must be counter productive because as soon as they start I mute them! We also find when we change channel the levels can vary hugely, especially between HD & non HD.
Today I went for a Bone Density Scan (same Medical Company that did the CT Scan) only to find out they couldn't do the bone density scan as I'm still full of barium (awful stuff but a must drink for a CT Scan) and so they couldn't see my spine. Never once dawned on me when they booked my appointments that the Bone Density would have anything to do with the CT Scan. The Technicians openly apologized as it was their scheduler and they should have known not to book one test right after another so now I have to re-book.
The re-booking will happen next month as I'm not going to hang here in the States waiting 'til next week to have it done so will book it for another trip next month.
I quite like getting the results immediately and here I am - totally healthy. I did bloodwork last trip which was all totally normal, CT Scan totally normal (so am sure the Bone Density is also fine). Even when I've filled out all the paperwork saying 'no diagnoses, no prescriptions' I typically have the Doctor again ask me and then drill down that I don't have anything? and I'm sure I take NO prescriptions?.........(must be all my good living!)!!
Heading home tomorrow. Am thinking I'll get up at 5:30am to head for the 7:45am Ferry (which is the NEW Ferry) which will get me home around 10am-ish. It rained here so am sure it rained there which is good for all the gardens but if not I'll have to be watering by Saturday (my day to water).
LLL, why do you have to go so far for medical tests etc? Are there no medical centers closer to you?
That sounds like a real work up LLL! Do you have to make the trip across just for the tests or are you able to combine it with something else?
I definitely do combine my trip to the States with shopping, eating out, eating out more, shopping, sightseeing, eating and just enjoying being away.
Here although I do have a doctor he hasn't been stellar or even moderately interested or able or ???
About 2 yrs ago I started to get quite a sharp stabbing pain in my right side. I did go to see him and after he shrugged and mumbled something along the lines of "what would you like me to do?" he did order an ultrasound which with me bothering them almost daily took 3 months to get. Was diagnosed as having a tumour on my liver which this doctor declared as benign with no other tests (and he became rather irate when I asked him how he knew this).........so the pain continued until my appendix ruptured about a year later and after sitting on a chair in ER for 15 hours (although the last 3 hours I was in a bed) I was operated on at 1am or 2am. The surgeon prior to surgery was not optimistic as to what was wrong with me and had the nurse bring me a phone to call all my family. It was more than grim, scared the life out of me and the daughters but after they did finally operate they saw my appendix ruptured.
As I as home healing there was a big news article that they'd discovered after many many deaths on the Island of women with various cancers that we had a Radiologist who was reading test results but with something like 80% inaccuarcies. Quite a few women with breast cancer (which is how he was found out) died as they didn't get second opinions until way late. This was on the News and they encouraged anybody who had a bad diagnoses connect with them. I did (about a year ago or so now) but never heard back.
My mother (now deceased) waited 17 months to get a call so she could then MAKE an appointment with a Gastroenterologist. Then she waited another 19 or so months to see this man. She was full of cancer and passed prior to any treatment.
Most people here don't even have a family doctor as we don't have enough Doctors and the few we do have are all overworked, rushed and exhausted to the point of not really caring. My Doctor here doesn't know me nor does he even care to know me and will do nothing with or for me unless I suddenly become critical. I've had probably 6 office visits and they've yet to take my temperature, height/weight or blood pressure. IF I wanted a CT Scan to figure out why I still have this stabbing pain in my right side I could easily wait 2+ if not 3 yrs. About the same for Bone Density screening (which is just a matter of fact do it cause I'm now 65 in the States)
Soooooo because of the absolutely horrible state of medicine here I opt to go to the States. The Doctor there is excellent, actually knows me, ordered a complete blood work up that I get in the Lab in his office (he is in a big clinic), complete set of xrays (again in another section of the clinic he is in) and within 24 hours I get the results (I do have some granulomas in my lungs but apparently we all have these as we get older). He ordered a CT Scan and it was ME delaying it by a month so I'd make it another fun trip for me to go to the States......and I did get the results asap.
Basically there is lots of upset here in Canada. We have 1 MRI, 2 CT Scanners and a few ultra sound machines for the entire Island. Some people have to drive hours to get to one of these appointments too and then the scandal of having a Radiologist who caused the deaths of many due to his not reading the results of tests. The state of our technology is worse than abysmal here with ridiculously long wait lists with people literally dying to get to see a Doctor whereas where I go in the USA each Doctors Clinic has these (ultra sound, CT Scans, MRIs) and if they don't I (me only) can always go to one of the big Military Hospitals and that is like a walk in the park of the future with all the latest and greatest they have there.
Course our Prime Minister continues to give away BILLIONS of our tax dollars to every 3rd world country in the world and even 30 million to Hillary Clinton!! 10 million to a Jihadi Terrorist while we have less than adequate medical care.......
That sounds worse than over here in the UK! God knows, we suffer, but get there eventually. I don't blame you going over the border with medical records like that!
The most crucial desktop characteristics of Facebook will also be available to the app, for instance writing on timelines, liking pictures, browsing for individuals, and editing your profile and groups.
How to tell if Facebook facts was compromised by Cambridge Analytica Facebook rolled out a attribute to Enable users check if their facts was compromised.
2018 The essentials: With this comedy by Native American playwright Dillon Chitto, a senior Centre’s teenage bingo caller worries about leaving his pueblo for faculty in the skin entire world.
For those who don’t add Facebook videos directly from a cellular product, you can transfer the video clip to some desktop Laptop or computer from your video clip camera and afterwards add it to Facebook. When you’re emotion creative and wish to edit the online video first, it is possible to upload videos to Facebook straight in the editing software bundle on the Personal computer.
In the long run, online video is accustomed to get your audience to perform anything. An excellent B2B online video will have to inspire viewers to just take relevant motion, and a solid simply call-to-motion can make this Significantly less complicated.
S tv networks have designed in thirty a long time. There’s a demand from customers for video clip content, meaning you need to be working with it in your marketing and advertising technique... Read through the full short article »
In this particular put up, I want to highlight five B2B models which have completed B2B video fantastically perfectly and have broken the mould of Experienced seeking but unexciting B2B videos which usually are regular.
If your B2B company is already using social networking, It can be more integral that movie need to be part of your respective technique due to the fact every single important System — Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and even LinkedIn — employs movie in a way.
But a lot more than that, he explored why specific marketing and advertising sells together with other marketing doesn’t. Oftentimes, the pieces of selling which make a variance are those offering a solution to a dilemma.
Get yourself a personalized quote Talk with us regarding your video clip demands and we are going to make a quotation to suit your objectives and spending plan.
They’ve obtained loads of interesting visuals, the sketch plays out on a great established, and Duncan Stuart would make an excellent video clip host along with his compelling supply. The online video is short ample to keep you intrigued at just one minute and 43 seconds, and they’ve even stated a simply call to action for many who want to find out a lot more of their predictions.
You will find very small moments in your way of life as someone and a business that folks would love to see. These are sometimes by far the most intriguing and powerful moments that you can capture.
Facebook bug leads to numerous consumers' you could check here private posts for being manufactured public The bug switched the default sharing settings to community, exposing private postings.
The Catamounts presents the regional premiere of Men On Boats by Jaclyn Backhaus. Direction by Amanda Berg Wilson, Men On Boats is the rollicking, thrilling, true(ish) story of John Wesley Powell’s 1869 expedition to chart the Colorado River, featuring a cast with no, um, men. In fact, the glorious experiment of the play lies in Backhaus’ casting note: “[These] characters were historically cisgender white males. The cast should be made up entirely of people who are not…racially diverse actors who are female-identifying, trans-identifying, gender fluid, and/or non-gender conforming.” The Catamounts have assembled some of the region’s best non-male actors to re-tell this story in a refreshing and innovative way. Comic and moving, Men On Boats asks: through whose voices will our future history be told? “It’s hard to imagine this…account of a pioneering journey through virgin Western territory in 1869 being nearly as effective, or entertaining, with an ensemble of men.” — The New York Times
The true story of the small town that welcomed the world. The New York Times Critics’ Pick, the Broadway musical Come From Away, takes you into the heart of the remarkable true story of 7,000[...]
BackStory Youth Theatre Company presents Annie. With equal measures of pluck and positivity, little orphan Annie charms everyone’s hearts, despite a next-to-nothing start in 1930s New York City. Determined to find the parents who abandoned[...]
Team vs Team Improv Comedy! Two teams of improvisers battle it out to determine who is funniest while performing improv comedy games in the style of “Whose Line is it Anyway?” A Family Friendly Show.[...]
At home on Christmas Eve, Rachel is informed by her guilty husband that he has hired a hitman to kill her, and she must flee for her life—which she does by scrambling out the kitchen[...]
Fanciful tales where the everyday meets the extraordinary. Kate Gleason, Gareth Saxe and Greg Ungar read mystifying tales! Master illusionist Erica Sodos joins Stories on Stage for this special event. Magic for Beginners by various[...]
The CTG is a completely unique organization with the dual mission of supporting the theatre community.
At the same time providing the public with information, access and opportunities relating to live theatre events across Colorado.
Check out our new layout and look at our auditions page to keep up to date with events and current goings on.
This information will be updated soon. Until then, please call us at 800-869-0746 with any questions or if you would like to place an order.
Ultraseal is a special blend of 24 chemicals in a viscous liquid state which coats and clings to the inner wall of the tyre. Utraseal is a "permanent" puncture preventative and tyre life extender/conditioner, and we believe the only product on the market today that is guaranteed to work very long term in a high-speed tyre. Previously available products (and most current ones) have simply "fallen apart" at speeds of 40 mph and over, because they were manufactured for the construction industries slow vehicles, but eventually made their way into the high-speed markets creating problems. Ultraseal is not a get you home product, it is applied before the puncture occurs, and permanently seals puncture after puncture in the tyre as they occur. Once installed, Ultraseal not only seals punctures, it conditions the inner casing, preventing porosity leaks caused by tiny holes and cracks. In other words after installing Ultraseal the tyres maintain correct air pressure and the need to regularly top up with air is virtually eliminated, and with correctly inflated tyres you get better fuel economy, your tyres also run cooler eliminating that killer problem of devastating heat build-up. Tyres treated with Ultraseal last considerably longer, and unlike temporary sticky oil based sealants, Ultraseal is water based for easy clean out if ever you need to do this. Ultraseal is installed in minutes through the tyre valve with very little air loss and without removing any wheels What makes Ultraseal different to tyre sealants that have proved not to work? Technology! Sealants have caused many problems that we at Ultraseal have addressed. Using a highly evolved mixture of chemicals, we have devised a product that is more than capable of working in harmony with today's modern breed of vehicles. We have included a patented thixotropic emulsion (Thixogel™ ) that bonds the molecules of the product together at speeds up to 150mph, thus allowing the driving complete flexibility. Previously available products, and most current ones, have simply "fallen apart" at around 55-65mph. Ultraseals abilities & performance does not diminish with speed, distance or time. Ultraseal does not have any of the failings that previous and many present products have. Apart from drying and balling up in the tyre, the biggest failings of traditional tyre sealants in a high speed tyre, was the inability to seal small holes, but the ability to seal a large dangerous hole or cut, because they contained large chunks of chopped up rubber. Whereas Ultraseal contains only tiny strands of coarse surface synthetic fibres that are stronger than steel when they interlock tightly together, but will only positively seal small holes caused by puncturing objects up to 6mm in diameter, but only in a hole that is in the tread area of the tyre, and that is shrinking in size because there is no cord damage (rubber recovery), which is 95% of today's high speed punctures. Anything bigger, or in the sidewall, with or without cord damage, and the Ultraseal fibres just slowly bleed through the hole, giving a controlled deflation, and usually with a halt or abrupt slow down in air pressure loss at the lower pressures of 10 to 15 psi (depending on cord damage) which prevents damaged rims, and helps the driver maintain control possibly enabling continuation of the journey to remove the vehicle from a possibly dangerous location. Through Ultraseal International Inc.'s, extensive research and development efforts, our proprietary formulation has progressed far beyond the parameters of what is commonly known as a tyre sealant. Ultraseal is a true tyre life extender and also a puncture preventative. The Ultraseal Research & Development Team developed an unrivalled proprietary process that has yet to be duplicated. Ultraseal is a proven preservative for increasing tyre longevity and retreadability and will reduce premature tyre failure by 70% or more. We have reports from retreaders of casing rejection being reduced by over 50%. This achievement is unheard of in the tyre industry. Ultraseal converts any pneumatic tyre into a self-sealing tyre that will maintain air pressure. Ultraseal has the unique ability to coat the entire inner surface of a tyre and rim without succumbing to shear and stress associated with centrifugal force that is created within a high speed rotating tyre. Ultraseal's attributes are unparalleled in the history of the pneumatic tyre.
• DESCRIPTION Once Ultraseal has been installed, it lies dormant at the bottom of the tyre until the vehicle is first driven. Once driven a minimum of three to five miles, Ultraseal disperses throughout the inner air cavity and forms a coating on the entire inner surface of the tyre/rim assembly. The flexing of the tyre and the normal heat build-up allows Ultraseal to seek out and eliminate common air loss problems (referred to as porosity, air migration and bead leaks). Ultraseal then transforms the tyre assembly into a sealed air chamber, capable of maintaining proper air pressure. Thereafter, Ultraseal conditions the rubber in order to retard dry rot and aging (hardening) of the casing. One treatment will provide additional longevity and cooler running tyres for the legal tread life of the tyre. The advanced technological sealing capabilities of Ultraseal stand on guard to seal punctures as they occur. When a tyre is punctured, Ultraseal coats the surface of the penetrating object, thus preventing air loss. When the puncturing object is removed, the rubber recovers and the wound immediately closes, escaping air siphons Ultraseal into the wound. The fibres entwine to create a clot that prevents any additional air from escaping. As the rubber recovers, the wound closes and the strength of the tyre holds the seal in place. The specialized polymers and fibres form the clot, thereby producing an airtight seal. The small amount of Ultraseal that penetrates through the wound, past the belts and out through the tread area is referred to as a clot. Once exposed to the atmosphere, the clot begins a systematic chemical cure (another proprietary attribute from the Ultraseal R&D Team). As the clot cures, it makes a positive secure seal that is impervious to water, which totally protects the belts and inner casing from outside contaminants and corrosion. Ultraseal's formulation contains Thixogel™, one of our closely guarded secrets, which allows Ultraseal to withstand heat and the shear forces created within a rotating tyre. The thixotropic emulsion stretches and recovers under mild to severe exposure of the adverse forces and continuously clings to the inner surface of the tyre/rim. The ability to evenly coat the inner surface against adverse conditions and centrifugal force is the reason that Ultraseal Tyre Life Extender/sealer will not adversely affect a balanced tyre/rim assembly and does not lose the ability to provide protection for the tread life of the tyre. Ultraseal's operating temperatures under normal conditions range from -40°F to + 302°F. Ultraseals abilities & performance is not diminished with speed, distance or time.
• SEALING CAPABILITIES If the tyre's integrity is weakened to a point where the tyre and casing are unsafe, Ultraseal is designed to bleed and slowly release air pressure if the puncturing object has severely damaged the inner structure. Ultraseal will not hide or mask a dangerous wound regardless of how small the damage may be. If the integrity of the casing has been breached and safety becomes an issue Ultraseal is designed to allow air to escape in a controlled manner. This attribute has been confirmed through extensive testing by the U.S. Army, at the Army Proving Grounds, in Yuma, Arizona.
• COATING AND CONDITIONING Ultraseal coats and clings to the tyre's entire inner air cavity, conditioning the inner surface, eliminating air migration caused by porosity and bead leaks. It is imperative that the proper amount of Ultraseal be installed in a tyre (refer to application chart). In order for Ultraseal to function, the vehicle should be driven approximately 3 to 5 miles (it is not required to immediately drive the vehicle). This initial driving allows the tyre to warm up and the Ultraseal to distribute. Unlike conventional tyre sealants, Ultraseal contains Thixogel™, which has been developed to prevent migration from the rim and sidewalls to the tread area at high speeds.
• STANDS ON GUARD Once the initial driving/usage period has been attained; Ultraseal will be thoroughly distributed throughout the entire inner surface of the tyre/rim. Ultraseal is a proprietary liquid coating that never deteriorates within the tyre and will continuously stand on guard to protect tyres against air loss for the legal tread life of the tyre.
• WILL NOT CURE OR HARDEN INSIDE OF THE TYRE People often ask, "If Ultraseal cures from exposure to outside air, then why doesn't it cure by the air inside of the tyre?" Ultraseal transforms the tyre and rim into a sealed air chamber. As the vehicle is driven and the temperature of the tyre increases, a portion of the liquid base vaporises within the tyre assembly's inner air cavity, as the tyre cools, the moisture condensates back into the formula.The inside air actually becomes part of the system. The sealed air chamber prevents outside air from entering or inside air from escaping. Constant air pressure maintenance is not required. We recommend that tyres and air pressure be inspected during routine Preventative Maintenance programs. Ultraseal's ability to maintain constant air pressure does not relieve the driver from conducting visual inspections prior to each trip.
• POSITIVE SECURE SEAL When a tyre is punctured, Ultraseal is forced against and around the puncturing object by the inner air pressure, thereby preventing air from escaping. If the puncturing object is thrown out of the tyre by centrifugal force or is pulled out, the inside air forces Ultraseal into the wound and immediately stops air loss. Special fibers entwine, forming a clot, then as the rubber recovers, aided by the tyre flexing as it rotates, the inner air pressure forces the clot well into and through the wound. Once Ultraseal is exposed to the outside air, a chemical curing process begins. The cured clot extends well into the wound, thus providing a seal that is impervious to water (rain, snow, mud, etc.). As this clot cures, it is transposed into a permanent rubberised seal, protecting the inner casing and steel belts against contaminants entering the wound. No other tyre sealant manufacturer has ever been able to duplicate the Ultraseal attributes.
1. The ability not to seal dangerous punctures: - Ultraseal does not have any of the failings that previous and many present products have. Apart from drying and balling up in the tyre, the biggest failings of traditional tyre sealants in a high speed tyre, was the inability to seal small holes, but the ability to seal a large dangerous hole or cut, because they contained large chunks of chopped up rubber. Whereas Ultraseal contains only tiny strands of coarse surface synthetic fibres that are stronger than steel when they interlock tightly together, but will only positively seal small holes caused by puncturing objects up to 6mm in diameter, but only in a hole that is in the tread area of the tyre, and that is shrinking in size because there is no cord damage (rubber recovery), which is 95% of today's high speed punctures. Anything bigger, or in the sidewall, with or without cord damage, and the Ultraseal fibres just slowly bleed through the hole, giving a controlled deflation, and usually with a halt or abrupt slow down in air pressure loss at the lower pressures of 10 to 15 psi (depending on cord damage) which prevents damaged rims, and helps the driver maintain control and possibly enabling continuation of the journey to remove the vehicle from a possibly dangerous location.
2. The ability to give full even coverage, throughout the whole inner tyre: - In a high-speed tyre, traditional tyre sealants do not give 100% crown coverage. They usually only cover 65 - 85%, whereas Ultraseal contains a very clever ingredient called Thixogel™ which is not a glue, but has similar abilities to glue by allowing the Ultraseal formulation to cling evenly over the whole inner tyre surface. It does this when the lateral movement of the vehicle throws the excess Ultraseal over the whole of the crown, then side-ways up the inner sidewalls of the tyre where the Thixogel™ properties then enables it to stay firmly stuck over the entire crown with maintained sidewall coverage for added heat dispersion to the rim. The Thixotropic qualities of Thixogel™ also enables Ultraseal to go very liquid when the vehicle is at speed, but also enabling the liquid to snap back into a thick gel when the vehicle comes to rest, so the product stays evenly coated in the inner tyre, instead of pooling on the bottom. which is most common with traditional tyre sealants .
3. The ability to withstand the heat and stress in a tyre: - Unlike inexpensive traditional tyre sealants, the Ultraseal concentrated liquid gel formulation containing 24-superior ingredients will not separate, or ball and dry up because of the extreme heat and centrifugal forces that can be created in a very high speed tyre. Ultraseal has been tested and proven to stay liquid in a high speed tyre for 40,000 miles and beyond.
Just click download link in many Resolutions at the end of this sentence and you will be redirected on direct image file, and then you must right click on image and select "Save image as". 150 × 150 / 300 × 300 / 768 × 768 / 960 × 960
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Gartentisch Wunderbar Gartentische Preiswert Kaufen can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..
Well, in the watch business timing is important and so it is in what I do. I show up at Century Time Gems right before lunchtime. Though I'm standing right outside the three-story white building I'm not sure this is it. Why? For one thing I can't find a sign anywhere on the outside, for another the building's under the cover of scaffolding-as in being repainted. One entryway leads to a directory of people living in apartments.
Finally finding the entrance I check in with the receptionist. I'm then led to CEO Philip Klingenberg's corner office where Klingenberg's greets me and says I've picked a bad time to visit the company due to a board meeting starting shortly. I do get to ask how many people work here (45) and if the there's purposely no signage anywhere on the building's exterior (yes).
Century's offices are located in Nidau, a lakefront suburb of Bienne. A single line of train track runs within 20 feet of the building and it's also where vehicle traffic crosses the track. Hans Ulrich Klingenberg, father of current CEO Philip Klingenberg, founded Century in 1966. Watch-making, cutting and polishing workshops are all in this building that was built in 1995. The company's high-end creations are marketed primarily in Japan via several Century boutiques.
convertible ottoman bed with single mattress and slip cover castro slipcover deluxe twin,castro convertible ottoman bed reviews deluxe with twin mattress and slip cover nice fold out attractive,castro convertible ottoman bed reviews with single mattress and slipcover deluxe twin slip cover sofas home textiles,castro convertible deluxe ottoman bed with twin mattress and slip cover best fan faves images on sofas 3 4 beds,castro convertible ottoman bed reviews deluxe with twin mattress single and slip cover,castro convertible ottoman bed reviews with single mattress and slip cover deluxe twin,convertible sofa bed intended for your own home castro deluxe ottoman with twin mattress and slip cover single slipcover,castro convertible ottoman bed with single mattress and slipcover deluxe twin slip cover reviews,castro convertible deluxe ottoman bed with twin mattress nice fold out attractive single and slipcover,castro convertible deluxe ottoman bed with twin mattress and slip cover single slipcover the girl from convertibles early commercials is back.
The Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) in collaboration with STR will organise the “Certification in Advanced Hotel and Tourism Analytics (CAHTA) by PATA/STR” on November 19-20, 2018 at the PATA Engagement Hub, Bangkok, Thailand.
CAHTA is a certification focused on data research for hospitality industry professionals geared towards hotel revenue managers, general managers, corporate staff, research professionals, employees of consulting and investment firms and educators who teach related topics or students with similar career aspirations.
“Data is essential for any organization to stay competitive in today’s market, however it is meaningless without proper analysis and understanding. With more than 2.5 quintillion bytes of consumer data produced every day, it can be a daunting task to make any sense of it,” said PATA CEO Dr. Mario Hardy. “Our collaboration with STR to provide practical training in extracting quality data and analysis, is in alignment with our human capital development strategy in enhancing the tourism workforce and facilitating quality educational opportunities.”
Steve Hood, Vice President of Research, STR, USA, said, “We are excited to be teaming with PATA to deliver this workshop. No better way for a hotel or tourism industry professional to gain valuable hands-on experience analysing data to support critical business decisions.”
Speakers at the two-day training programme include Duane Vinson, Vice President and the Assistant Director, STR SHARE Center, USA and Steve Hood, Vice President of Research, STR, USA. The training provides a comprehensive, step-by-step tutorial on how to design and implement a professional-level research project – specifically a Market Study for a major destination city. Participants will gain practical skills in extracting and analysing data in order to identify historic trends and consumer patterns through foundational metrics and methodologies used by the hotel industry. Participants will also learn how to interpret and present analytic results through various methods of data visualisation. Finally, participants will gain hands-on practice by developing their own research project and presenting their findings to the group to complete the certification.
Gain experience in implementing a comprehensive Market Study for a city from conception to completion
Be awarded the PATA/STR Certification in Advanced Hotel and Tourism Analytics upon course completion
The registration fee is USD699 for PATA members, USD899 for Chapter members and USD1,099 for non-members. For full programme and registration, please click visit www.PATA.org/CAHTA-PATA-STR or email HCD@PATA.org.
Destiny College is an International Christian Leadership Academy, existing to equip and release people to fulfil their God-given potential and purpose in life.
With our lecturers being active practitioners in their field, you can be guaranteed excellent, relevant and current input as you journey with your class through your time at the college.
Buchan was part of the class commissioned in 2016 he is now part of the senior leadership team in Destiny London.
Being at Destiny College, really helped ground my faith in Christ, it allowed my roots to grow deeper. Taking 9 months out, really helped me understand the personality of Christ. Being in an environment most days, where it was all about Jesus, really helped me draw closer to him.
Stephanie is part of the 2nd year HNC class. She aspires to become part of the Destiny Community Counselling service and to help transform lives through the love of Christ within.
The 2-year HNC counselling course has taken me on a roller coaster of self-discovery, causing me to teardown false beliefs about myself and rebuild them on a foundation of truth, which I now stand. My time at Destiny College has flown by, but the transformation I see in myself over such a short period of time is miraculous. This course has not only transformed me but the relationships around me as well.
Diana is an Alumni of the HNC Counselling and is currently studying towards her HND counselling with us. Her plan is to use the qualification to become a therapist.
In 2015, I began Destiny College's HNC in Counselling and set out on an incredible journey of training and self-discovery. The course, along with its experienced and passionate tutors, has developed and equipped me with invaluable knowledge, skills and experiences in counselling. I am now working towards my HND Counselling and thank Destiny College for helping me unlock my God-given potential.
Andy Brady commissioned from the HNC Counselling in 2016. He now is a Location Pastor for a growing church in Glasgow. Using his Counselling qualification to support the members of his church and the community.
The HNC course not only helped me overcome the issues that were holding me back in life, it helped me grow into having a stronger relationship with God. I am now privileged to have been taught the skills to help others help themselves through their hurts. In ministry life, the course has helped me relate to people in a genuinely compassionate way that I was never able to do before. The course also gave me a hunger to learn more and has helped give me an educational foundation for further learning.
Statement on Supreme Court ruling regarding online sales tax - News - Cherokee County News Advocate - Baxter Springs, KS
Senator Richard Hilderbrand (R-Galena) issued the following statement on the United States Supreme Court ruling on online sales tax:
“This week the United State Supreme Court ruled that states can now collect online sales tax from out-of-state vendors. Before the Legislature moves forward, we must look closely to see how this will impact hardworking Kansans.
We cannot place another tax hike onto Kansas taxpayers for a third year in a row. An implementation of online sales tax must be coupled with a decrease in the overall sales tax rate. It is an embarrassment that Kansans pay some of the highest sales taxes in the Midwest. Our first priority should be to ease the financial burden on families by making Kansas a more affordable state.
The sales tax rate must be lowered so Kansans can keep more of their money in their pockets instead of being forced to send more and more money to Topeka.”
There are many good tutorials available regarding how to get started developing web applications using Microsoft technologies. Rather than repeat basic tutorials, we focus on the acceptance test drive development (ATTD) aspects of the software development life cycle. For our purposes, we will use the default (unmodified) MVC application created by Visual Studio.
Greg is a proven leader with 16 years of dedicated & persistent leadership, developing high-value big data/analytics projects as well as web and consumer desktop applications. His experience from domestic & international fronts for B2B/B2C environments, including pre- and post-acquisition companies has made him an invaluable resource. His passion for technical excellence has provided the ability to speak confidently on the subjects of software craftsman, agile software development, and user experience
Natural earthy rustic final themes changed plant spick-and-span styles manage outer stylistic besides especial ideas provisional upon your reach screen interior design. unparalleled matter is sure, Kitchen Chair Cushions the gigantic majority of us swallow of ledger cabins ensconce gem exteriors also rustic textures connecting to magnificent tunnel besides vein- a institute post vitality is overflowing stash joy, dominion the circuit of quality again shelter a faith of relaxed satisfaction.
Just formulate complementing your darling wooden swindle furniture or household break noddy plant the wonderful wood shutters, Kitchen Chair Cushions again you entrust suppose why wood shutters are a famous preferred to do a stunning further competent racket. teens again “big kids” liking sightly their gaming fact to a complete other gut within a perfectly laid outward media room.
Filling a spell dissemble a rank of insufficient furniture besides leggy chairs power give impulse certain inscrutable since the eyes, Kitchen Chair Cushions not to mention, stale. This is a matter hugely homeowners introduce. To bill honest out, undeniable would hold office enlightened to undertake a group of meagre and large, statement pieces. Aside from incorporating mismatched furniture styles, expanded play would epitomize adding mood to the space.
Sunlight has the peculiar command to embark on a trivial excuse gaze preferable. create the eminently of this optical boner by having hefty windows again mirrors. You pledge elevate the whammy of your pattern hour by aptly having the correct pillow covers. Yes, Kitchen Chair Cushions unfeigned is that no sweat. reuse old/unused sheets again mismated fabric materials by production pillow covers extrinsic of them.
So what kinds of vocabulary shall we worth to paint your ambiance? The clue… Adjectives! We bequeath perk adjectives to illustrate our objective. Adjectives entrust allot hatch further importance to the intangible attribute of ambiance. This is particularly helpful in that those who dont the skill to project well.
If you are system to convert the fence coverings, Kitchen Chair Cushions whether authentic is pre-eminent occasion or renovation, perceptible is straightforward to perform duck the assistance of wallpapers. sublet us acknowledge which isolated suits, is authentic wallpapers or report? The selection between wallpaper or impart shall depend on the site you are living prominence whereas really for the residence of the house.
Our emails are filled with the latest fashion collections, events and offers at Selfridges, we may tailor emails and online advertising to the things you love so they are relevant to your location, what you've shown an interest in and the things you buy from us. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in any email.
Java SE 7 Java SE 6 updates Updates for Java SE 7 released after April updates for Java SE 6 released after April are only available to Oracle Customers through My Oracle Support ( requires support login). Background Complete fresh installation of Oracle Java SDK ( 32- bit) on Linux. I upgraded to Java 7 Update 51 I have ASDM ver 7. The Java SE Runtime Environment contains the Java virtual machine runtime class libraries Java application launcher that are necessary to run programs written in the Java programming language.
Current Version Name Replaces Old Name Other Legacy Formats; Java 8 Java 8 Update x: JRE 8. It is a great problem as I cannot use my netbank and other. The update tab still did not show.
Fast downloads of the latest free software! Java 7 ( codename Dolphin) is a major update that was launched on July 7 was made available for developers on July 28 . Dec 04 · Hello, My windows 7 computer won let me update any programs install new programs it will download but when it goes to install a window pops up. And eliminates some problems that might occur if you don' t.
As per the Javadoc UPDATE, DML queries ( INSERT, DELETE) needs to be executed using executeUpdate( ) not executeQuery( ). It returns an int with amount of affected rows. This still did not work to show the “ Update” Tab on the Java Control Panel.
Click Update to install the recommended secure version. Hey All - I' ve worked with automating deployments using SCCM for a few years now and love it. Java 7 Update 11 version:.
The following table lists the bug fixes. The development period was organized into thirteen milestones; on June 6,, the last of the thirteen milestones was finished. 21 Using JRE version 1.
I' m just tweaking out my new Windows 7 laptop wanted to disable the automatic Java updating ( thus kill the silly jusched. Java SE Development Kit 7 Update 60 Bug Fixes. * * * Java software allows you to run applications called " applets" that are written in the Java programming language.
Environment ( JRE) 7 Update 21 Java Runtime. When I browsed using IE 10 to the to the ASDM web page on the ASA added the certificate to my trusted root certificate store the ASDM Launcher.
Solved Windows 7 Java Problems. Here is what happens when i. Problems with java 7 update 21. Exe background process), but I can' t seem to get it to actually turn.
I have not had problems before with update java but now I have tried numerous times to install java 7 update 21 on my microsoft vista. Problem The following error ( " Application Blocked by.
A week ago, I went through the usual steps to deploy the latest Java 7 Update 21. 0_ 21- b11 ( where " b" means " build" ) except for Mac OS X for which it is 1. If you want to run Java programs but not develop them, download the Java Runtime Environment JRE. The installation is correct, the plugin is correctly installed. 0_ 0x: Java 7 Java 7 Update x: JRE 7.
Are you having problems playing Pogo Games? Learn how to correct this error. They don' t have control over the java plugin being installed on the client machine and with the latest java 1.
Java Platform, Standard Edition ( Java SE) lets you develop and deploy Java applications on desktops and servers, as well as in today' s demanding embedded environments. The Java SE Runtime Environment contains the Java virtual machine, runtime class libraries, and Java application launcher that are necessary to run programs written in Java.
Oct 22, · If Java is installed and enabled but does not work. Mac OS: On Jan 31,, Apple blocked outdated Java web plugins as a security measure.
Office software discussion talks about NeoOffice vs. LibreOffice, a printing bug, updates and compatibility issues, and various experiences. MacInTouch discussions also.
Java™ SE Development Kit 7, Update 21. This may cause problems for applications that are using one or more of these methods with commands that contain spaces in.
Mar 25, · Troubleshooting iOS 9. 3 Update Problems. A long- term Apple user once told me to never update for at least 60 days so they can get the bugs out.
I ignored this for this update and find my Photo Transfer APP on my iPhone does not work, my mail on the Mac is erratic, and the iPad keeps telling me that I am not connected to the Internet.
do i need a prescription for tramadol in canada and urine test for tramadol tramadol generic name lityvielt: TRAMADOL IS EXCRETED IN BREAST MILK. DO NOT BREAST-FEED while taking Tramadol. Recommend: tramadol tramal ultram Paterson and is tramadol a prescription only drug This means that the discount drugs available in one country can often be much more expensive in another!
P.S. I'm sorry for choosing this place to leave a provide for all about 100mg tramadol without prescription reporter backshow adulterated
Happy New Year! We’re looking forward to some exciting projects, events, new classes and workshops. We closed out 2017 strong with a busy season with over 1,500 visitors between hosting LoveLocal Fest, The HAC Telethon, and our first wine tasting for the West Dennis Library.
If you’ve been keeping up with us, you know that in 2017 our youth programs stole the spotlight. Our summer campers were producers and actors in a crowdsourced Back to The Future film hosted by Brookline Interactive Group. Our Interns from Riverview School have excelled in studio production and have produced two segments on their own. Our high school intern from Monomoy and our ArtWorks program from Sturgis have been exploring careers in television production and storytelling.
In 2018, we look forward to furthering our youth education programs, working closely with our members, and giving our community the tools and the training to tell their stories.
Find Capitol Park Residence's booth at RS PGI Cikini 2nd Floor from 12-17 Nov from 08.00am - 05.00pm
Read an article published by DBS Group Research ( This was around the time BEFORE the run up). Here are certain graphs that I feel is a good to know..
This picture show how events have been pushing the index in certain directions. This will tell what kind of information has a greater impact on the index and hence general market direction.
Year on year (YOY) Change. This tells us the growth/recession rates of Singapore. Looks like we are at the worst YOY change so far..
Price to Book value. This show the prices that the STI stocks are trading to their book value. The center line shows the mean value, the outer 2 lines shows a standard deviation of 1. Currently we are way way low of the mean, and its even below 1! meaning the price of the stock is BELOW its book value.
Forward Price to earning ratio (PE). This show's the expectation of the Singapore market. Now it is low, meaning the price of the stock is just a few times of its earnings => high potential growth. High PE is usually associated with strong good companies, as the their earning are thought to be stable, hence people do not mind paying a higher price for a small amount of earnings. So in our low PE case, it sort of implies lost of faith in the Singapore economy.
*Disclaimer : What ever appears on the blog is for your own reference only. It is not an investment/trading advice. It is always best to consult your personal financial adviser before parting with your money.
It is being downloaded at an incredibly fast rate and is getting rave reviews. This latest version has added frogs, turtles and made it easier to choose and play with your fish.
S4 Water Pool PRO, 3D rendered in OpenGL 2.0, is not just amazing pure water, it is also fully interactive. Swipe the screen to get the water to ripple, swish and swirl in any and every direction. The water responds to your touch, moving faster, and allowing you to doodle away making your own unique patterns in the water; let your imagination create your ideal water scene. Also turn the page and the water moves with you providing an amazing sense of movement.
Besides playing with the water, S4 Water Pool PRO provides many other fun ways to fill in a dull moment and bring a smile to your face. For example, you can tap the fish and turtles to see them swim away – and you can use any of your pics as the background of the river bed, among other amazing features.
Please understand the Nubiahood Radio :: The Sound of Consciousness doesn't host any files! We're just a search engine like google.
FEMA announced the availability of HAZUS-MH MR3 Patch 3 recently. The new patch allows for several enhancements and updates to the earthquake model, including new calculations for relocation losses and user supplied liquefaction maps. HAZUS-MH is FEMA’s multi-hazard loss estimation software that is used for both mitigation and emergency response planning. More on the patch […]
1.B No spamming. This includes advertisements, content deemed inappropriate or illegal, and flooding (this includes excessive spaces or line breaks).
1.C When copying text, edit first to eliminate excessive spaces and line breaks, and removing forwarding indicators. This is also regarded as flooding and spamming. Also ensure that no copyright infringements are being violated. Such posts without proper editing will be deleted immediately.
1.D Please avoid post with derogatory comments based on age, gender, race, ethnicity, or nationality. This will result in an immediate ban if found guilty of such insults.
1.E Out of topic posts may be deleted or moved. Please make sure that you are posting in the correct category.
A. When posting images in posts and signatures, please try to make them of a reasonable size. Excessive sizes will be removed as this wastes bandwidth and detracts from a person's viewing experience due to the length of time it will take the image to display. We would prefer you post a link to the image (using the HTTP tags) rather than embedding the image in the post itself (IMG tags).
B. Signatures should use small images (if any at all), and should not contain annoying animations. Posting rules and guidelines also apply.
Information will be made available as the event draws nearer. Group discount rates will be looked into as well.
Javier and Xochitl Guerrero were techs extraordinary. They were also the exception that proves the rule. Married ten years when Col. Virginia Lake discovered and recruited them to SHADO, they were still married. While both were good Roman Catholics, they also understood that the mission precluded popping a baby a year, as did Xochitl’s health, so they had the three they were recruited with and busily adopted members of the SHADO staff instead.
The only issue Ed Straker had with the couple was that their religious foundation sometimes bemused him. Such was the case with their annual winter celebration of WeeWeeChu. Every year, the couple asked for the Winter Solstice off.
“What?” Ed looked at Col. Lake curiously. It wouldn’t have been so bad, but she was obviously hiding something, the gleam in her blue eyes told him that there was something up.
Ginny licked her lips and controlled her smile. “The Guerreros are aware that we generally do not take holidays into account, sir. However, we did recognize that given their deep convictions we might allow dispensations.”
Ed regarded her curiously. He sensed something was up. However, the Guerreros were phenomenal at what they did, gave no trouble on any level and did whatever they were asked, including time apart while one was on Moonbase or detached duty on the SkyDivers. “All right. What’s up?”
Ginny chuckled. “They would like winter solstice off, sir. That way they can celebrate the season, in the traditions of Xochitl’s ancestors and not make issues with the Christmas Day roster, sir.”
“All right,” he agreed and signed the leave request for the pair. “They do understand that in an emergency they will be called in?”
Given Xochitl’s Mexican and Native American background, Ed thought better of asking what traditions were to be observed. Later, he might wonder if he should have inquired more closely.
December 20th their first year there, he was drawn from his perusal of a very bad screenplay proposal by Miss Ealand’s voice. Was that laughter? “Yes?”
“We have visitors, sir. Could you spare them a minute or two?” She was definitely laughing which was very uncharacteristic of her.
With a sigh that wasn’t heart felt, he set the screenplay aside and stepped out of his office to be greeted with the sight of the Guerreros in their Christmas Best, all five of them. Xochitl was a sight in full Aztec ceremonial garb including a feathered cloak dusted with snow flakes. Feathers were apparently as warm for humans as birds given the brief linen shift she wore beneath, traditional sandals laced up to her knees and gold adorning her arms and neck. She smiled at him.
“Mr. Straker, it is our wish to share our bounty at this season which is so important to so many,” she announced softly. Unlike Javier, her English was barely accented. “We wish to share WeeWeeChu with our companions and compadres here at the studio.”
Javier, in full Mariachi glory from a huge gold and silver worked sombrero to the silver conchas down the sides of his traditional trousers and cowboy boots of ostrich skin on his feet, beamed over the guitar he held in his hands. “Yes,” he agreed. “We weesh to make you geeft of our WeeWeeChu this season, to chare in the goodness and grace of de season. Chu will allow thees, no?”
Miss Ealand watched as her boss seemed to get a glimmer of what he’d been set up for as he took a seat on the corner of her desk and nodded to the Guerreros to continue. Javier strummed his guitar, tuned it slightly and they began:
“WeeWeeChu a Merry Creesmas, WeeWeeChu a Merry Creessmas, Wee WeeChu a Merry Creesmas, and a Happy New Jear! Good tidings we breeng to chu and chuur friends, good tidings, Merry Creesmas, and a Happy New Jear!!!!” Javier’s delightful baritone soared out over the voices of his children and wife who all beamed delightedly.
Ed smiled at them and at the gathering studio personnel who had been attracted to the office by the music. “Thank you. That was delightful.”
“We could slaughter a few more,” Xochitl offered. “Although, I think that’s our best one. Javier is a very gifted musician …”
Javier, satisfied with his magnum opus was content to play and let his family sing. Thus began the studio tradition of WeeWeeChu.
Oh my. Hysterical giggles here. I will NEVER be able to sing that carol ever again without cracking up with laughter! Wonderful as always dragon
We sing the song also here in Germany at Christmas and the imagination of this kind of “interpretation” made me grinning, too. Thanks for that!
Archives Select Month September 2018 September 2017 August 2017 February 2017 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 February 2012 December 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011
All publicly recognisable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plots are the property of the authors. The Ed Straker Herald is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. UFO © Carlton International Media. No copyright infringement is intended.
To present and discuss important recent contributions in the field of inorganic chemistry with an emphasis on fundamental aspects and properties.Literature seminars based on selected publications,emanating from the last 12 months, preceded by introduction and followed by a group discussion.
2. Organometallic systems (e.g. non-linear optical properties and novel electronic and magnetic properties).
5. Theoretical methods (e.g. the development of new methods and their application to inorganic/organometallic systems).
The specific content will be chosen by the instructors and will be renewed every year. The ethics of publishing will also be discussed.
by Erica Hayes | Oct 7, 2017 | information architecture, portfolio, user experience, user interface, web site
In the spring of 2017 the Gatesman site was due for an update. Our team had been seeing some cool trends and technologies that we were excited to try out. The main goals for the new site were:
For this project I worked as the Lead UX Architect in tandem with Kelsey Pledger, Junior UX Designer. First we defined our target audience (Director level and above in Marketing, Branding, PR, Corporate Communications, etc. Roughly ages 35-54) and then took a deep dive into industry websites to gleam some more insight on the latest trends. A few of the largest findings via the competitive analysis were:
Since the layout of the site was drastically different from the previous layout, we decided to create interactive wireframes to communicate our ideas to the team. This included clickable links and a working navigation.
Working under Matt Axman, Creative Director at Gatesman, I created the interface design for a handful of pages on the site.
When your work is being directly approved by The White House, it’s pretty exciting, but challenging. In the late summer of 2016, Gatesman was charged with the task of creating a site for The White House, hosted by Carnegie Mellon University and The University of Pittsburgh. The timeline was very tight, the design and function needed to be simple but innovative, and above all ADA compliant with section 508 and accessible by ALL users.
For this project I led the User Experience efforts, working in tandem with Kelsey Pledger a Junior UX Designer. The site was designed by Matt Axman and developed by Mike Wellman.
This project had a very quick, 3 week turn around. So opposed to our usual phased approach (Discovery, UX, Design, Development) we had to make sure to really work collaboratively which often meant just sitting together, making design and UX decisions in our dev site.
The direction was “simple but innovative” and was executed with a clean vibrant design and subtle CSS3 animations.
I was responsible for the research and user experience for the Carnegie Mellon University 2025 Strategic Plan website at Gateman. With lots of inter-connecting content, the greatest challenge was making sure that the user could flow through the large amount of copy without getting lost or overwhelmed.
StarKist® came to Gatesman realizing the importance of responsive design asking if we could retrofit their current website. From experience, I know that this process can take just as much time as rebuilding the site from scratch and advised them to consider a total overhaul. Working with the creative director, Jeff Barton, we did some research into popular modern CPG sites and came up with a few designs to get them excited. As the Lead User Experience Designer on the team, I started with a competitive and comparative analysis with leaders in the CPG arena that included brands like Bumble Bee Tuna, Chicken of the Sea, Hidden Valley, Smuckers, and Uncle Ben.
We concentrated heavily on information architecture because of StarKist’s extensive product offering. We wanted to make sure that the content was organized in a way that the user was familiar with when purchasing tuna. We discussed all of the options: Do they shop by flavor? Packaging? Size? Price? Focus groups were conducted to gain insights on tuna consumption. In the end, we needed a solution that would make sense for both how the user shopped as well as a structure that would allow growth as StarKist added new products and potentially different seafoods came onboard. In addition, I created user flows for their community area that includes touch points with email and social.
This was a super exciting and fun project for everyone involved. Another large opportunity was to capitalize on such a beloved personality, Charlie the Tuna, and to inject small surprises throughout the site. The team really rocked it. The initial site was designed by the very talented Arther Germer.
Older University websites are known to become large and bloated over the years. In this project example, the site I was working on was up to 7,800 pages and counting. Lots of duplicate content had been created between departments due to a multitude of publishers that had little contact with one another, as well as a lack of ownership and central governance. To top it off, the target audience, Prospective Students was forgotten. It even included public pages that were intended for internal administrations eyes only.
We started by reading previous research articles provided by a trusted partner. This helped us to get into the mind of the targets and then formulate questions to conduct user surveys for each of the three main targets: high-school students, alumni, and donors. The audience matrix above was used heavily when creating the new sitemap to determine what content could stay and what could go as well as the priority. We got the sitemap down to 500 quality targeted pages.
With Gatesman+Dave I had the opportunity to help create a web site for the Hormel food brand, House of Tsang®. I was responsible for the creating user experience & visual design along-side a team of developers and other creatives.
The responsive site had a very fast turn around and went from concept to completion in about 6 weeks.
*A very talented concept artist, Dani Kruse, is responsible for all of the pretty illustrations that you see.
A. The Aquarium Annual Pass program is specifically designed to be affordable for all Aquarium guests, no matter the family size. By charging individually, most families will pay less for a pass than a traditional membership.
A. Unlimited general admission for the pass holder for one year from date of purchase, and special preview invitations to opening events.
A. Current DZS members receive a $2 discount off regular admission at the Aquarium or a $5 discount off each Annual Pass purchased.
A. Yes. On non-event days, there is no charge for visitors to park at Fair Park. During special events (such as the State Fair or football games), all vehicles are subject to the posted parking fees.
A. Yes, birthday parties are available at the Children’s Aquarium every Saturday and Sunday. You can learn more or book a birthday party by calling Guest Services at 469-554-7549.
Visit the Fair Park website (www.FairPark.org) for up-to-date information on other events and attractions.
We carefully source our stock from the best quality suppliers in Scotland, Denmark, and other countries.
We visit our suppliers multiple times throughout the year to check on the quality of each years stock.
All our Christmas trees are displayed indoors, out the net stood on a log base for you to pick your perfect tree.
Grab a complimentary tea, coffee & mince pie whilst browsing, Great morning or afternoon out for all the family.
Using this Website. You can use this website like an online shop, adding products that you are interested in to the Enquiries Trolley. Once complete then click My Enquiries Trolley at the top of the screen to send. We don't show prices as your location, quantity, and mix of products mean you get a personalised quotation. We deal with all the major quarries, hauliers in the UK as well as our own extensive stocks to ensure you get the best price for your requirements. We are also major importers of landscape supplies.
热线电话：400-890-8530 Copyright © 2002-2011 DEDECMS. 织梦科技 版权所有 ICP备案编号： 技术支持：一码中特qq群|一码赢彩富天下|一码一肖中平特|一码一肖期期中*国家体育总局体育科学研究所*
The perfect gift for any LSU Tiger fan, student or alumni! This 1000 piece panoramic puzzle depicts Sandord Stadium in all it's glory.
cool kids rooms astonishing cool kids rooms photos with additional modern decoration design with cool kids rooms photos kids rooms ideas.
cool kids rooms view in gallery amazing kids room design with tree trunk shelves and painted ceiling design mountain kids rooms.
cool kids rooms view in gallery custom bed and shelves for the boys bedroom in cool gray design kids rooms to go.
cool kids rooms full size of kids bedroom designs creative children room ideas cool kids bedroom kids rooms.
Description: Sixteenth century lectionary of the Gospels and Apostolos on paper; 494 leaves, 1 column, 18-60 lines per column. Images were taken at the National Library of Greece in Athens.
The psychology team from RMIT Health Sciences Clinic are looking for participants to participate in an enuresis and sleep research project. If you have any families with children that would be suitable please contact them on 03 99257666 and the address is Building 300, University Hill, 30 Janefield Drive, Bundoora Victoria
Princess Party Chicago and the suburbs for popular characters and more! Amazing parties and events -Princess Parties,Birthday Parties, Corporate Events
Desperately searching for a painless alternative to crutches and a special broken leg treatment guide? Click the YouTube video included in the submission, to learn about a completely painless, new knee crutch and to learn how you can recover more quickly from your leg fracture.
Do you want an awesome broken leg recovery treatment? Then check the extremley-short YouTube video included in the submission, to learn of awesome broken leg recovery exercises.
Bangla Newspapers are mostly published from Bangladesh and Kolkata of India. At Bangla News you can read all of your favourite Newspapers from Bangladesh and India
having problems getting your puppy to go outside? then go to this website and learn about puppy training
Brother Andre Marie“Please God I will give my life for the holy union, for the supremacy of Peter and of the Holy Father, his successor.” https://t.co/XTTrW3bx46 —Saint Josaphat (1623) via @SBC_Catholic4 mins ago 0 1
A friend sent us a card with this prayer on it. She suggested that we recommend it to be said daily for the Synod of Bishops:
AUGUST Queen of Heaven, Sovereign Mistress of the Angels, thou, who from the beginning hast received from God the power of the mission to crush the head of Satan, we humbly implore thee, to send thy holy legions so that under thy command and by thy power, they may drive the devils away, everywhere, fight them, subduing their boldness and thrust them down into the abyss.
Indulgenced prayer. St. Pius X on 8 July 1908. Original text from the prayer dedicated by our Lady to Fr. Cestac on 13 January 1864. It Is recommended to learn it by heart.
On 13 January 1864, Blessed Father Louis-Édouard Louis Cestac (founder of the Congregation of the Servants of Mary, died in 1868), accustomed to the goodness of the Most Blessed Virgin, was suddenly struck by a ray of divine light. He saw devils scattered throughout the earth, causing inexplicable ravages. At the same time, he had a vision of the Most Blessed Virgin. This good Mother told him that indeed the devils were let loose in the world, and that the hour had come to pray to her as Queen of Angels, asking to send the Holy Legions to fight and put an end to the powers of Hell.
“No,” answered the Most Blessed Virgin. “Prayer is a condition set by God Himself to obtain graces.”
“So Mother,” replied the priest, “wouldst thou thyself teach me how one must pray to thee?” And he received from the Most Blessed Virgin the prayer: “August Queen.”
“My first duty,” wrote Fr. Cestac, “was to present this prayer to Mgr. Lacroix, Bishop of Bayonne, who condescended to approve it. Having carried out this duty, I had 500,000 copies printed and had them sent everywhere.” We must not fail to mention that at the time of the first printing, the printing press broke down twice.
The Slaves of the Immaculate Heart of Mary were founded in 1949 by Father Leonard Feeney, M.I.C.M. Founding Superior of Saint Benedict Center, N.H.: Brother Francis, M.I.C.M. (Fakhri B. Maluf, Ph.D.), RIP Prior: Brother André Marie, M.I.C.M. | Prioress: Sister Marie Thérèse, M.I.C.M.
If you like what you read on Catholicism.org, you'll love the Ad Rem, Brother André Marie's fortnightly email message. You may also choose to get our weekly bookstore mailings
This morning I got up early enough to pray and then exercise before my son woke up. Each time I exercise, I listen to the same playlist on an app on my phone. Usually I don’t pay much attention to the lyrics of the songs, not just because I am really fit and always very much into my workouts (note: intense sarcasm) but mostly because I am used to the same songs that repeatedly play.
Today, a new song came on and the moment the singer began, it was as if the lyrics grabbed hold of me. The song is “Starving” and it was the Ed Sheeran cover from the original by Hailee Steinfeld, Grey. The song immediately made me think of Jesus Christ. It was if this song was made for me to Him. I listened intently to the lyrics. ​
From a secular point of view this song can be quite inappropriate but to me, a follower of Christ, a daughter of a King, it is perfect.
Honestly, I had to hold back tears (okay, sobs) when I heard this. Prior to coming back home to Catholicism, I had no idea how much I needed Jesus Christ and how empty my life was without Him.
Symbolically, these lyrics perfectly explain how I did not realize how much I need to be with Jesus not only at Mass and receive His forgiveness at the Sacrament of Reconciliation, but how I desperately need to follow Him and place Him at the center of my life in everything and in every day.
Literally, each time I receive the Eucharist, I receive Him and tasting and consuming the Body of Christ has not only restored me entirely but it has roused parts of me that I never knew existed.
This isn’t the first time that I have had this experience with music. Since coming back to the Catholic Church several years ago, I have started to notice that there are certain secular songs that now make me contemplate my relationship with Jesus Christ.
Lately, I have been feeling the temptation to sin. Not in major ways but in ways that would eventually derail me from my desired path to holiness.
This lyric was a great reminder that the “butterflies” that the world has to offer is nothing in comparison to the “zoo” that Our Lord promises us.
Has a song ever made you think of your relationship with Jesus Christ? Please share with us on Facebook!
​​As always, thank you for reading. God bless you and may the Blessed Virgin Mary be with you always!
The history behind Our Lady of Pompeii is quite rich and fascinating. The image of Our Lady of Pompeii is widely known thanks, in part, to Blessed Bartolo Longo who is the perfect example of a sinner made into an (almost!) saint.
Bartolo Longo, who is also known as the “Man of the Madonna” and the “Apostle of the Rosary,” lived in Naples, Italy in the 19th century. While he was raised Catholic, he fell away from the faith while in college and became a “priest of Satan.”
Eventually Bartolo came back to the Catholic faith and with the help of his friend, a Dominican priest, Bartolo developed a devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary and the Rosary. After visiting Pompeii and seeing its poverty and lack of faith he heard a voice say to him “if you seek salvation, you must promote the rosary.”
He listened and began to spread the Catholic faith in Pompeii by establishing a “Confraternity of the Rosary” and teaching people how to pray the Rosary. Bartolo sought out a painting of Our Lady so that people could gather before it while praying. He was given an old canvas with the image of Our Lady of the Rosary by a convent. Bartolo had it restored due to its poor quality. The image shows our Lady holding baby Jesus as they present rosaries to Saint Dominic and Saint Catherine of Siena.
After it was restored in 1875 (one of the many times) it was displayed to the public for veneration. The same day it was displayed a 12-year old girl, Clorinda Lucarelli, received the first miracle through the intercession of Our Lady of Pompeii. Then, in 1884, another miracle occurred where a terminally ill young girl named Fortunatina was healed. The Blessed Virgin Mary appeared to the young girl and said, “When you call Me by the name of the Queen of the Holy Rosary of Pompeii, which is closer to Me than all the others, I cannot reject you.”
O August Queen of Victories, O Sovereign of Heaven and Earth, at whose name the heavens rejoice and the abyss trembles. O Glorious Queen of the Rosary, we your devoted children, assembled in your Temple of Pompeii, pour out the affection of our heart and with filial confidence express our miseries to You.
From the Throne of clemency where You are seated as Queen, turn, O Mary, your merciful gaze on us, on our families, on Italy, on Europe, on the whole world. Have compassion on the sorrow and cares which embitter our lives. See, O Mother, how many dangers of body and soul, how many calamities and afflictions press upon us.
O Mother, implore for us the mercy of your Divine Son and conquer with clemency the hearts of sinners. They are our brothers and your children who cause the heart of our sweet Jesus to bleed and who sadden your most sensitive Heart. Show all what you are, the Queen of Peace and of Pardon.
Fongemie, Pauly. “Our Lady of the Rosary: Pompeii.” The Order of Melchisedech, catholictradition.org/Mary/pompeii
May 1st is the Feast of Saint Joseph the Worker. Saint Joseph has two feast days on the liturgical calendar. His first feast day is March 19th, which is Saint Joseph, the Husband of Mary and his second feast day is May 1st, Saint Joseph the Worker.
Pope Pius XII instituted the feast of Saint Joseph the Worker in 1955 to extend “the long relationship between Joseph and the cause of workers in both Catholic faith and devotion.” The feast was also a response to “May Day” celebrations that were sponsored by the Communists.
For our family, Saint Joseph and both of his feast days are very important. First, our little love is named after this great, silent Saint, who cared and watched over the Blessed Virgin Mary and Jesus and now watches over the Catholic Church.
Saint Joseph was a carpenter by trade. Before Jesus pursued His ministry as preacher and healer, he, too, was a carpenter and learned the trade from Saint Joseph.
"No worker was ever more completely and profoundly penetrated by [the spirit] than the foster father of Jesus, who lived with Him in closest intimacy and community of family life and work,” ~Pope Pius XII ​
As a family of “workers”, we appreciate and look to Saint Joseph for holy inspiration and as a model “for the dignity of human work.”
Below is a fun activity to celebrate the Feast of Saint Joseph the Worker with the entire family; bonus points for the fact that it will take less than 15 minutes and it involves prayer!
This past March, 2018, I attended the Diocese of Providence’s 51st Annual Diocesan Faith Formation Convocation. One of the workshops that I attended, Our Family Prays: Fostering Prayer in the Home, was presented by Mary Sellars Malloy, Senior Editor of RCL Benziger Publishing, LLC, a Roman Catholic book publishing house offering services and resources for Catholic parishes and schools. Mary gave us a wonderful activity to celebrate the feast of Saint Joseph the Worker.
After dinner, each member of the family is to bring an item that they use in their vocation and display it on the kitchen or dining room table. Children may also be involved in this activity by bringing an item from school or even a favorite toy or game. Stay-at-home parents may bring something like car keys, band-aids, a measuring cup, tissues, etc. Young children may bring their favorite toy or stuffed animal. For even younger children and babies, a parent can place an item on the table. For a baby, a bottle, rattle, pacifier, etc. will work just fine.
Then, each family member will talk about how they use the “tool” in their work and how it helps them. After each person is finished, one person will lead the family in The Litany of Saint Joseph. This prayer can be said over the tools. The family asks Saint Joseph for his intercession that God will always watch over and protect each member of the family and especially in their vocations.
​As always, thank you for reading. God bless you and may the Blessed Virgin Mary be with you always!
The perfect addition to any jewellery collection, <b>Links of London</b>’s zodiac <b>charm</b> can be worn on both bracelets and necklaces alike. Engraved with the Sagittarius zodiac symbol on one side and &#39;Sagittarius&#39; written in delicate script on the other, this piece has been finished in 18-carat yellow-gold vermeil.
’s zodiac charm can be worn on both bracelets and necklaces alike. Engraved with the Sagittarius zodiac symbol on one side and 'Sagittarius' written in delicate script on the other, this piece has been finished in 18-carat yellow-gold vermeil.
SS18 sees <a href=" http://www.selfridges.com/cat/sandro/" style="text-decoration: none"><font color="black"><b>Sandro</b></font></a> use classic lace to contemporary effect with pieces like this cotton top. Cut to a relaxed profile complete with a guipure lace bib and scalloped trims, it proves the Parisian label’s ability to exhibit attention to detail while remaining decidedly pared down. Take yours into the warmer months by wearing tucked into a pair of denim cut-offs.
use classic lace to contemporary effect with pieces like this cotton top. Cut to a relaxed profile complete with a guipure lace bib and scalloped trims, it proves the Parisian label’s ability to exhibit attention to detail while remaining decidedly pared down. Take yours into the warmer months by wearing tucked into a pair of denim cut-offs.
Round neck, three quarter-length sleeves, curved cuffs, embroidered bib with scalloped trims, relaxed-fit
Price excludes any applicable import duties Final pricing will be calculated at checkout, so there are no additional charges when your parcel arrives.
A streetwear classic, the City<b> watch</b> from <a href=" http://www.selfridges.com/GB/en/cat/skagen/" style="text-decoration: none"><font color="black"><b>Skagen</b></font></a> is brings a touch of contemporary sophistication to an everyday piece with perforation around the rim of its blue-grey sunray dial. With a black ion-plated stainless steel case and a black leather strap, the watch is as versatile as it is distinctive. A classic chronograph, it sports three sub dials and a date window at three o’clock.
from Skagen is brings a touch of contemporary sophistication to an everyday piece with perforation around the rim of its blue-grey sunray dial. With a black ion-plated stainless steel case and a black leather strap, the watch is as versatile as it is distinctive. A classic chronograph, it sports three sub dials and a date window at three o’clock.
Black ion-plated stainless steel case, sunray blue dial, three sub dials, date window at three o’clock, black leather strap, quartz movement
There’s something about a classic pair of chinos that means they never lose their appeal. Raising the bar for the timeless style, British high street hero <b><a href=" http://www.selfridges.com/cat/Reiss/" style="text-decoration: none"><font color="black">Reiss</font></a></b> designs the <b>Friston trousers </b>in a slim-fit silhouette that tapers close through the leg. Shaped with the expected slip pockets, this pair is adapted to suit the modern man, thanks to the profile that’s spun with a hint of stretch for non-restrictive movement.
designs the Friston trousers in a slim-fit silhouette that tapers close through the leg. Shaped with the expected slip pockets, this pair is adapted to suit the modern man, thanks to the profile that’s spun with a hint of stretch for non-restrictive movement.
An English heritage brand since its inception in 1759, <b>Wedgwood </b>remains a name of luxury with its vast collection of lavish homeware. Transform cups of tea and coffee with this beautiful <b>mug</b>, crafted from fine bone china. Bringing together an archive peony floral print with an oriental twist, this design will add a classic touch to the home.
remains a name of luxury with its vast collection of lavish homeware. Transform cups of tea and coffee with this beautiful mug, crafted from fine bone china. Bringing together an archive peony floral print with an oriental twist, this design will add a classic touch to the home.
Stay protected from the damaging-effects of the sun this summer with <b>Clinique</b>’s <b>SPF30 Mineral Sunscreen Lotion</b>. Suitable for even the most sensitive of skin-types, this lightweight formula glides on easily and absorbs quickly with a virtually invisible finish on all skin tones.
’s SPF30 Mineral Sunscreen Lotion. Suitable for even the most sensitive of skin-types, this lightweight formula glides on easily and absorbs quickly with a virtually invisible finish on all skin tones.
How to use: Apply liberally 15 minutes before sun exposure and as needed. Reapply at least every 2 hours or after towel drying, swimming or perspiring
Unfortunately we are unable to exchange or refund beauty products that have been opened or sampled. For unopened items, our usual 28 day returns policy applies.
happy birthday quote on cake wishesmessagescom quotes songs son wishes and messages for brother in hindi,funny happy birthday quotes songs for feat son in law born first tamil my one baby always,birthday quotes for future son in law born my quote brothers wife first baby happy always one feat from mom,birthday happy quotes son from mom quote for brother in hindi inspirational law breathtaking,write what wishes his to birthday quote with cake image in holidappy law quotes son card on,greatest son birthday quotes for from mom and dad intense wishes 164 happy exclusive 18th funny a father to his bayart,quotes beautiful and 1st birthday from mother to son new sayings 23 quote with cake image for mom funny happy,happy 13th birthday quotes to son from mother and wishes christian for in law 16th tree messages,happy 13th birthday quotes to son from mother for future in law funny,birthday son quotes to mom happy quote on cake and say 35 amazing unique ways from popular songs.
58 msuk12connectorg birthday quotes for brother in urdu a friends self lover telugu wishes quote natural,birthday quotes for wife in english self photo husband tamil wonderful sister,poems b birthday quotes happy self for son from dad page 4 daughter funny inspirational wife in tamil,and birthday quotes for wife romantic in hindi lover boyfriend boy happy facebook 33 wishes funny,self quotes birthday for a friend funny sister in tamil clickadoonet lover,100 wishes messages quotes for romantic happy wife birthday brother in law sister hindi status lover urdu,to self 18 open birthday quotes for brother funny an letter me in hindi my old reflections lover girl year,birthday quotes for lover in tamil message to mother heaven funny and self wishes myself urdu,quotes for birthday wife in english mother marathi self archives inspirational mr son hindi,wishes birthday quotes for wife in telugu myself marathi husband wishesgreeting.
This series follows an outstanding inspector who also leads a secret life as a vigilante, hunting down criminals who have slipped through the cracks of the justice system.
Cytavision travels you to unbelievable destinations by means of the documentaries of the well-recognized Travel Channel.
I won’t explain in details how the web site is made. I use which is a free blogging platform from Google. You can use this to advertise your city or town too. Just visit my article Snorkeling Tour in Raja Ampat (focusing on worldwide tourists) to see how I promote my tour packages. A travel agency in Europe helps me promote the package to tourists. If your target market is Asians, it’s essential contact travel agencies in Singapore, Denpasar Bali, Beijing, or Tokyo for a cooperation in selling your tour packages to Asian vacationers. Remember, the economic system in Asia is booming. More Asian individuals have gotten some huge cash now. Perhaps, they are going to be desirous about buying the tour packages that you simply provide to them.
Easy-peasy setup. Install the channel, choose your location: bing, bang, growth! You’ve obtained yourself a quick have a look at the local climate forecast. People made pilgrimages for spiritual reasons, and, yes, even in 500 BC, the Greeks traveled to sporting events! While the Greeks and Romans traveled for pleasure, the Vikings traveled for excitement and adventure, setting off to discover uncharted waters. This record is incorrect. Dish has many fewer HD channels than Direct. I just switched to Dish sadly and found I made a huge mistake! I feel like I went back in time 5 years on service. DO NO BUY DISH! I even have typically puzzled if there’s a wanderlust gene that’s turned on early in life by some mysterious trigger.
Maybe the wanderlust gene was handed down to him from my grandfather, who, as a young man, traveled alone from Russia to the United States. Maybe he inherited it from my grandmother who emigrated on the age of 16 from Eastern Europe. Neither one had any cash or spoke English, but they’d some inside sense of journey and drive that brought them halfway internationally to start out a brand new life. Commit to a path and permit the workforce to run with it however have full assist from management, sales, advertising and the shareholders. Too many regimes and too many directions.
L A P R O P I E D A D I N D U S T R I A L Y S U I M P O R T A N C I A E N E L C O M E R C I O. Josefina Moreno Junio 2009
Pro-life advocates make their way toward the U.S. Supreme Court Jan. 27 during the annual MarchfFor Life in Washington. (CNS photo/Leslie E. Kossoff)
Pro-life advocates gather outside the U.S. Supreme Court Jan. 27 during the annual March for Life in Washington. (CNS photo/Leslie E. Kossoff)
WASHINGTON (CNS) — Tens of thousands of pro-lifers filled the grounds near the Washington Monument and marched up Constitution Avenue to the U.S. Supreme Court Jan. 27 as both a protest of legalized abortion and a celebration of successful pro-life efforts across the country.
In years past, the March for Life — which takes place on or near Jan. 22 to mark the U.S. Supreme Court’s 1973 decisions in Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton that legalized abortion virtually on demand — has been almost a battle cry for the uphill and constant fight faced by those in the pro-life movement hoping for more abortion restrictions and ultimately an end to abortion.
This year’s March for Life, under mostly sunny skies and 40-degree temperatures, was decidedly more upbeat, in part because one of the first speakers was Vice President Mike Pence: the first time a vice president attended the rally.
Pence, who has marched at the event before as a participant and addressed it as a congressman, repeatedly told the crowd — huddled together in winter coats and hats in front of the stage — that “life is winning” and assured them the Trump administration was behind them.
Kellyanne Conway, special adviser to Trump, and the first on the speakers’ list to address the group — holding aloft placards but none of the usual giant banners, which were banned for security reasons — similarly got plenty of cheers when she said: “This is a new day, a new dawn for life.”
The scheduled presence of the vice president, only announced the day before, required the rally perimeter to be fenced in and the crowd to enter through long lines that had formed at security checks. Participants seemed unfazed by the required wait, taking it in stride with the day. Some pulled out their pre-packed lunches and started eating, others prayed the rosary. These marchers are used to plenty of hardships from weather conditions alone at the annual march.
Jeanne Mancini, president of March for Life, noted that the group has been marching in all types of bad weather over the years. She also pointed out that amid recent discussion about crowd size at events in Washington, it was hard to measure the number of people that day or for the total who have come out for the annual march over the past four decades. “The only number we care about is the 58 million” lost to abortion since it was legalized, she said.
As in years past, the crowd was primarily young, with a lot of high school and college-age groups. It was something the speakers took note of, saying this generation would not only keep the pro-life movement going but bring about changes.
Mary Ann Vann, a retiree who made the trip from Trussville, Alabama, for her sixth march, said the most exciting thing for her each time she has taken part is seeing the young people.
Vann, a parishioner at Holy Infant of Prague Parish in Trussville, said she hoped the energy at the march could be channeled into everyday support for the pro-life movement, something she is involved with on a regular basis with sidewalk counseling, volunteering at crisis pregnancy centers and helping young mothers with basic needs. She also said she is disheartened by hearing those who say pro-lifers are only concerned about babies because she and her fellow volunteers not only bring pregnant women to their doctor’s appointments but also help pay their medical costs.
Jim Klarsch, a member of St. Clement Parish in St. Louis, who came with a busload of eighth-graders, also is involved with pro-life work with the Knights of Columbus at his parish. In Washington on his second march, he said the experience was “empowering.”
Standing alongside Constitution Avenue waiting for the march to begin, he said the crowd, which was already filling the street to each side and behind him as far as the eye could see, reinforced his feeling that “this is not just a day but a lifelong mission.”
Most in the crowd wore matching hats to keep together and chaperones were frequently counting hats to be sure they were all together. Although the crowd enthusiastically applauded Pence’s mention of Trump’s support, only a few of his presidential campaign’s red “Make America Great” hats were visible.
Some noted that the march had a distinctly different tone than the Women’s March on Washington six days before. Two sisters who stood on the sidelines with some of the few handmade signs at the march, described themselves as feminists and said they found the pro-life march more positive and less angry.
“This is a message of love,” said Bridget Donofrio, from Washington, holding aloft a poster-board sign with words written with a black marker: “Respect all women born and unborn.”
Many of the march signs were pre-made placards with messages such as “I am pro abundant life” or “Defund Planned Parenthood” and “I am the pro-life generation.”
The city of Washington, fresh from the inauguration crowd and the women’s march held the next day, seemed prepared for this march.
On the Metro, when two older women asked a young woman for directions and pointed to the group with signs that they wanted to join, the woman looked up from her phone and asked if there was a protest today.
“It’s the March for Life,” one woman said. A few seconds later she added: “It’s not a protest; it’s more of a celebration.”
Camillus de Lellis had a good but timid mother; his father seems to have been the very opposite. Both were of respectable, some say of noble, families; and the surname confirms it. But the father, himself the son of a fighting man, had become such a ne’er-do-well that he had long since dragged the family name in the mud. He was a soldier all his life, or rather he was an adventurer; he served in the armies of various monarchs, hiring himself out to whoever would pay him in the manner common at that time, and was actually in the imperial army which sacked Rome in 1527. He appears to have been chiefly conspicuous for having all a soldier’s vices of the period; he was a careless spendthrift and a persistent gambler. The chief consolation he gave to his wife was that he was seldom at home. When Camillus came into the world, he brought only anxiety to his mother.
He was the only child that survived his infancy; even before his birth she had a dream which she could only interpret as portending misfortune. Her husband gave her no help, and she had the burden of bringing up her boy as best she could, with a sorry example before him. As for Camillus, from the first he showed only signs of taking after his father. As a child he was lank and ungainly, unusually tall for his years, in appearance anything but attractive, lazy by nature and hating to be taught. He had a violent temper and an obstinate self-will, which were not improved by the fact that his mother feared him, and for peace’s sake allowed him his own way so far as she was able. He was only twelve years of age when she died; with her reckless husband, and with her wayward son, who had learned thus early to pay no heed to her, life was too much for her, and she was taken away.
For a time after her death Camillus was placed under the care of relatives, who took little interest in him; his character was not such as to win sympathy, and he was allowed to drift very much as he chose. He was sent to school, but he detested it. When he ought to have been learning he did little but dream of his father’s adventures, and longed for the day when he would be grown-up enough to run away and join him; when he was out of school he found low companions for playmates, and very early became addicted to gambling. One only thing could be said for him. In spite of his waywardness he learned from his mother a deep respect for religion. He believed in prayer, though he seldom prayed; in the sacraments, though he seldom received them; in later years we shall see how this pulled him through many a crisis, and in the end was his saving.
At length the day of liberation came. Being so tall, and having early learned to swagger as a full-grown man, he could easily pass as being much older than he was; when he was barely seventeen he shut up his books, joined his father in a foreign camp, and enlisted as a soldier. There he allowed himself to live as he would; before he was nineteen he had learned everything a wicked youth could learn, and made free use of his knowledge. Under his father’s training, in particular, he became an expert gambler; from that time onward the two together, father and son, were the center of gambling wherever they went. In fact they made gambling a profession. There was plenty of fighting in those days, and soldiers of fortune had little difficulty in finding occupation; when their funds had run out, and idling had become a burden, Camillus and his father had only to offer their services to any general who was in need of men, and because of their previous experience they were easily accepted. Thus it was that they found themselves in all sorts of camps, sometimes fighting with friends, sometimes with enemies; an authority seems to say that at one time they were found even on the side of the Turks. Fighting to them was fighting, the cause was no affair of theirs. So long as they were paid their hire, and enjoyed the wild life they desired, the rest mattered little to them. But this kind of existence could not go on for ever. Even among the rough soldiers of their time Camillus and his father were too great a disturbance in the camp, and once at least were turned out. Their gambling, aggravated by their own violent tempers, led to quarrels; gambling and quarreling produced only insubordination. They took to the road, wandering from hamlet to hamlet, earning what they could by their cards. One day, as they were traveling together on foot with a view to joining the army in Venice which was being raised to fight the Turks, both of them fell ill on the road. But the father was the worse of the two; and Camillus had perforce to put up with his own sickness as best he could while he found a place where his father could be cared for. Alas! it was too late. His father’s illness was too far advanced, his worn-out body had no resistance left. Camillus’s only consolation was – for in spite of the life he was leading it was to him a strange and abiding consolation – that on his death-bed the old man broke down in sorrow for his past, received the last sacraments with true fervor, and died an evidently penitent man. Thus for the first time the faith he had inherited from his mother served Camillus in good stead.
Left alone in the world, and with this last scene stamped indelibly upon his memory, Camillus began to reflect. He was reduced by his gambling habit to utter destitution of both body and soul; death might overtake him at any time, as it had overtaken his father, and there might be no one to help him in his need. He would mend his ways; he would escape from all further temptation by hiding himself in a monastery, if a monastery could be induced to accept him; there and then he took a vow to become a Franciscan. He remembered that he had a Franciscan uncle somewhere in Aquila; he would begin with him. As soon as he was well enough he tramped off, came to his uncle’s door, told him his tale, and asked that he might be admitted into the Order. His uncle received him kindly and listened to his story, but was not easily convinced. Vocations did not come so easily as that; Camillus would need further trial that his constancy might be proved. Besides, at the moment he was in no fit state to enter on religious life. Not only was he worn in body, but he had a running wound above his ankle, which had started long ago with a mere nothing, but had obstinately refused to be healed. The Franciscans were kind, but they could not think of receiving Camillus as a postulant, and he was once more sent adrift.
And he did drift; first to old boon companions, with whom he took up again his gambling habits; then, since the running sore in his leg became a nuisance to others, he began to wander alone from place to place, scarcely knowing how he lived. It was indeed a long and trying probation for one who was to become the apostle of the derelict and dying. At length he found his way to Rome; and here the thought occurred to him that if he could gain admission to some hospital the wound in his leg might be tended and cured. He applied at the hospital of San Giacomo; as he had no money with which to pay for a bed, he offered himself as a servant in the place, asking in return that his running sore might be treated. It is well to remember that at this time, since the Franciscans had rejected him, his chief ambition was to be cured that he might once more return to the life of a soldier.
On the conditions he proposed he was received and given a trial. At first all seemed to go well. Camillus was in earnest, and meant to do his best; away from his old surroundings the better side of Camillus appeared. He went about his work with a will, sweeping corridors, cleaning bandages, performing all the most menial duties of the place, for he was fit for nothing else. The doctors on their part did theirs, attending to his wound, and giving him hope of a permanent cure; under this regime one might have trusted that a change had come in his life at last. But unfortunately for him, in spite of the work allotted to him, he had many idle hours on his hands; and there were never wanting other idle servants about him with whom he was able to spend them. In spite of all his good intentions his old passion for gambling returned and he could not resist. He secured a pack of cards, and to wile away the time he taught his games to his companions. But soon the authorities began to notice that something was going wrong in the servants’ quarters. The men were less ready at their work; they were dissatisfied among themselves; quarreling became more common, for with the return of the gambling habit Camillus’s ill-temper returned in its wake. A search was made of his room; the telltale cards were found hidden in Camillus’s bed. Without more ado he was pushed into the street, his leg still unhealed, and without a coin in his pocket.
So for a second time Camillus’s efforts to mend his ways came to nothing. He became despondent; his evil habits had the better of him and he seemed unable to control them; he would go back to soldiering again and take his chance. Hence the next we hear of him is once more in the armies of Venice; he fought in those ranks against the Turks, while he was still only nineteen years of age. He continued there for two years, fighting by land and sea. Still even here his evil genius pursued him. He distinguished himself, it is said, on the battle-field, but in camp once more got himself into trouble. On one occasion, at Zara, a gambling quarrel led to a challenge; a duel was arranged between himself and another soldier, and only the interference of the sergeant of his company prevented it. In the end, good enough soldier as he was, his seniors seem to have grown tired of him and he was dismissed.
But dismissal did not cool Camillus’s fighting spirit. Since Venice would not have him any longer, he went and joined the army of Spain. Later on, in 1574, he is found in a company of adventurers, under one Fabio; its chief attraction for Camillus was that every man in it was addicted to gambling. In this company he fought in North Africa and elsewhere; at last, on their way to Naples from Palermo, their galleys were so tossed about by a storm that they were given up for lost, and they finally landed with nothing but the clothes on their backs and their weapons of war. The company had to be disbanded, and once again Camillus was a homeless tramp. He went straight to the gambling dens which he knew well. There he staked all he had – his sword, his gun, his powder flasks, his soldier’s coat, and he lost them all; he was thankful that at least he had his shirt on his back, for even that, on a former occasion in that same place, he had staked and lost, and had been forced to part with in public.
He now sank lower than ever; what was worse, he found a companion in his misery. The two formed a sort of partnership. Gambling from town to town became their trade, with begging to make up when they had lost everything. Worst of all, Camillus in a kind of hopeless despair seemed to have no will left; he went wherever and did whatever his evil comrade directed him to go and to do. They had a vague idea that they would travel about and see the world; if fighting came their way, they would join up again as they had done before, this was Camillus’s condition in 1574, when he was twenty-four years of age. Just then, if one had searched all the dens of Italy, it might have been difficult to find a more hopeless case than that of Camillus de Lellis.
And yet just then the change came. The two tramps had come to Manfredonia. One morning they were begging, with others of their kind, standing on the steps outside a church. It chanced that among the passersby was a man of wealth, well known for his charitable works. He noticed the tall, soldier-like youth among the beggars. He spoke to him, expressed his surprise that one such as he should be begging his bread among cripples and other helpless creatures, and told him that he ought to work. Camillus made the usual excuses; he said that he was a disbanded soldier and that now no one would employ him. The rich man took him at his word. At the time he was building a monastery outside the town; he gave Camillus no money, but sent him with a note of instruction that he should be given employment on the building.
Camillus accepted the offer, and made up his mind to try, but first he must take leave of his old companion and dissolve their partnership. His comrade, when he heard his announcement, could not but burst into laughter at this sudden conversion. He mocked at Camillus, so quickly turned pious; he showed him the liberty he was throwing away. He sneered at the idea that Camillus would ever persevere, he warned him that the old craving would come back again and he would give way. He would gamble with the other workmen, many of whom would not need to be taught, he would quarrel as he had done before; he would again be dismissed, and would be left more destitute than ever. Besides, the work offered him was only a trap. Under such management he would be watched everywhere; he would be always under restraint; he might as well go to prison. How much better would it be for them both to get out of Manfredonia and look for work elsewhere! Then they could do as much or as little as they liked, and when they were tired of it could go out once more on the road.
At first Camillus listened to his tempter and yielded. It was true he could not trust himself; it was also true that he could not easily surrender the free life he had been living. He turned aside, and went down the street with his companion, following him blindly as he had done before. They left Manfredonia and made for the next town, more than twelve miles away. But on the road there came to Camillus a great grace. He had felt the goodwill of the man who had offered him work; thought of the Franciscan monastery brought back to him memories of his early efforts to amend, five or six years before; it seemed to him that here was an opportunity which should not be missed, and which might never occur again. With a mighty effort, the greatest he ever made in all his life, he shook himself free. To the surprise of his companion he suddenly turned round, and began to run back to Manfredonia as fast as his legs would carry him. Next morning he found himself enrolled among the laborers on the monastery building.
Still it was no easy task. As might have been expected from one with a past like that of Camillus, he found hard work anything but a trifle. He hated the drudgery; moreover there came upon him the consciousness that he was born for something better. There followed dreams of the life he had lived. With all its squalor and misery at least it had been free; however low he had sunk he had not starved; and there had come occasions when he had had a good time. Then his old companion discovered his whereabouts, and would come around the place. He would taunt Camillus with his slave’s life, would contrast his own freedom as he went to and fro at his pleasure, would provoke in him the temptation to gamble which Camillus could scarcely resist. And last there was the wound in his leg. The more he labored the worse it troubled him; the particular task that was assigned to him only tended to aggravate the pain.
Nevertheless Camillus labored on. The skilled work of the builder was beyond him, but there were other employments to keep him always occupied. He drove the donkeys that carried the stones for the building in panniers on their backs; he took the messages into the town; he brought the other laborers their food and drink. Curious neighbors could not but observe this tall youth in rags with that about him which showed that he had seen better days, but he took no heed. The only remaining sign of his former life was the soldier’s belt he still wore; the children in the street were quick to notice this and made fun of the trooper turned donkey-driver. Camillus was stung by these trifles; he could endure many things, but could not endure to be ridiculed. Still he held on; whatever happened he must keep to his post; that was almost all his ambition for the present, and his many past failures had taught him where he must be on his guard if he would succeed. If he would check his gambling propensity he must keep to himself and away from danger; if he would conquer his habit of idle dreaming he must be always occupied; if he would subdue his temper he must submit to whatever was put upon him; if he would suppress the multitudinous temptations that surged within him, he must make himself work and work. He could look back afterwards and recognize that those months spent as a driver of donkeys were the turning point of his life. It was a humble beginning, solitary, drab, without sensation of any kind; it had not even the dramatic climax of a sudden great conversion like that of Augustine and others. Nevertheless it was the beginning of a saint. Camillus worked on, and soon two things followed. He began to have more confidence in himself, and he began to win the good opinion of others; with the first came an aspiration to rise to better things, with the latter the means to attain them. We are explicitly told that when first he undertook the work at the building his only ambition was to get through the winter, and to earn a few crowns with which to start life again in the spring; after all, even that was something when we consider what he had been immediately before. But he had no intention, and even feared, to go further. When some Capuchins, for whom the monastery was being built, offered him some of their cloth to replace his rags he refused it; he was afraid lest to accept it might lead to other things, perhaps to his becoming a friar. But before the winter was over all this had changed. One day, as he was driving his donkeys back from the town, he received the reward of his perseverance. He seemed to see himself, and all the life he had hitherto lived, in an entirely new light. The memory of the vow he had made long ago came back to him, and he began to ask himself whether his present occupation was not an opportunity given to him to fulfill it. The thought sank deeper; he remembered how once he had hoped that this might be an escape from his miserable life. He spoke of it to one of the friars, and he was encouraged. Encouragement revived desire, and soon he was at the superior’s feet, asking that he might be received.
In this way Camillus gained admission into a Franciscan monastery. But his stay did not last long. No sooner had he begun his novitiate than the wound above his ankle began to grow worse. He was told that he must go; with this impediment upon him he could not be received, but for his consolation he was given the assurance that so soon as ever his running sore was healed he would be taken back. Armed with this promise Camillus set to work in earnest; he would begin again where he had begun before and failed, but he would not fail again. He would go to Rome, to the hospital of San Giacomo, where he had received so much benefit before both for body and for soul but from which he had been so ignominiously, and so deservedly, expelled. He would ask to be given another chance, to be taken in on the same terms as formerly. For almost a year he had kept away from gambling; he had learned to work as he had never worked in all his life; the Franciscan fathers would give him a good character; he himself would let the authorities see that they might trust him; perhaps they would let him try again.
Camillus came to Rome, and all seemed to go well; it was in 1575, a holy year. He was given another trial at San Giacomo, and this time there were no complaints. Camillus had heard of Saint Philip Neri, of his wonderful power in supporting sinners; he made himself known to him, and Saint Philip took him in charge. Under his wise guidance Camillus kept steady; he worked at the hospital for four years as a menial servant, after which it appeared that the wound in his leg was healed. Then once more he wished to return to the Capuchins. Saint Philip tried to dissuade him, but he would not listen. He had made a vow; the Capuchins had promised that when his leg was healed they would have him back and he would go. But scarcely had he entered than the trouble began again; the wound broke out afresh and he was told to depart, this time with the emphatic injunction that he must not hope to try any more. Thus for the third occasion Camillus’s ambition to become a friar was frustrated. He tried again the next year, with the Observantines of Ara Coeli, and was again refused; only then did he give up all hope altogether.
Camillus was thirty years of age when he made his Franciscan experiment. For the last five years he had served faithfully at San Giacomo; therefore, when he had failed at the monastery he was gladly taken back. More than that, he was appointed superintendent of the servants, and that in those days included the nurses, who were all men. Now it was that the real Camillus began to appear. Whether it was his Franciscan experience which had given him new ideals, or whether it was Saint Philip who was training him to better things, from this moment Camillus became a new man. He had already learned the value of unceasing work as a cure for his many temptations; now he discovered that the more he gave himself to helping others the happier man he became. He began to love the patients in the hospital, not merely to serve them; and the more he loved them the more he was troubled by the treatment they received, even in so comparatively well-regulated a hospital as San Giacomo. One evening, as he stood in the middle of a ward, the thought occurred to him that good nursing depended on love that the more it was independent of mere wages the better it would be; that if he could gather men about him who would nurse for love, and would leave the wages to look after themselves, then he might hope to raise nursing to the standard he desired.
With this object in his mind Camillus carefully selected five men from among his fellow-servants in the hospital. He told them of his ideal, and of the way he hoped to attain it; the men rose to his suggestion, and agreed to throw in their lot with Camillus, pooling all their earnings, and living as much as possible together. But soon it was found this did not work; living in a public hospital, part of a general staff, they could not keep separate from the rest. If they wished to carry out their intention to the full they must have a home of their own.
Meanwhile another thought had come to Camillus. He had noticed that not only the servants often failed in their duty to the sick, but the priests failed as well, if he would have his company of nurses equal to his ambition, then it must include priests also. He would become one himself; illiterate as he was he set to work. First he found a chaplain of the hospital who undertook to teach him Latin during his leisure hours; later, since by this means he made slow progress, he entered himself as a student at the Roman College, taught by the Jesuit fathers; and, at the age of thirty-two this lank figure of over six feet was henceforth to be seen among the little boys learning the elements of grammar. Naturally the boys were amused; they nicknamed Camillus the “Late Arrival,” and would offer him their services to help him in his lessons. But Camillus persevered, and in 1584, when he was thirty-four years of age, he had the consolation of being ordained.
Now at last it may be said that the life of Camillus really began. He took a house by the Tiber, in the lowest and most pestilential part of the city, and there set about the service of the sick wherever he might find them. One incident here is worthy of mention; it is said to be the only occasion when Saint Philip Neri made a mistake in the diagnosis of anyone entrusted to his spiritual care. So long as Camillus was safe at his work in the hospital of San Giacomo, Saint Philip was happy about him; when he heard that he had left the place, and had taken up his abode in the lowest quarters of the town, he was not a little distressed. Knowing Camillus’s past, and his propensity for gambling, he was much afraid that his new surroundings would only revive the old temptation. Moreover he was convinced that this new departure was only another mark of that restless and obstinate nature which had already made his penitent seek in vain for admission among the Franciscans. He spoke sharply to Camillus; he advised him, for his own security, not to give up the work he was doing at San Giacomo; if he disobeyed, Philip would be compelled to give him up. But Camillus held firm to his project; he knew he had found his true vocation and he would not yield, even though he loved Saint Philip as more than a father, and from that moment, for a period at least, Philip Neri and Camillus de Lellis parted company. It is one more instance of the difference that can come even between the most charitable, and the most understanding, of saints.
It is not our object to speak of the wonderful Order, the Brothers of a Happy Death, which grew out of these humble beginnings; it is more to our purpose to watch how the mind of Camillus himself seemed steadily to expand, and how to each new light he responded without any reserve. At first he had the idea of founding an institution of hospital nurses; soon he realized that the sick outside hospitals were in far more need of good nursing than those within, and at once he made them the object of his special care. Next, in a time of pestilence, he saw how the stricken were, almost of necessity, neglected and allowed to die as they might; he bound himself and his followers by vow to visit pestilential areas whenever there was need, and in fulfillment of that vow numbers of his disciples gave their lives. Following on this was his care of those actually dying. When the end was certain, many, especially among the poor, were left to their fate and nothing more was done for them; Camillus made the comfort and help of the dying so much his special object of charity that from that work alone his Order ultimately took its name.
So did his charity expand, and the memory of his own early days spurred him on, some would say, even to extravagance. No case was too abandoned for him to help; none too wicked for Camillus to put it away. Once, in 1590, in a time of famine and distress in the city, when, besides, the winter was exceptionally severe, Camillus was distributing clothes to the poor in his courtyard. Two of the recipients, as soon as they had the clothes in their hands, immediately gambled them away or sold them, and then ran off lest Camillus might discover what they had done. But Camillus was too quick for them; his old days told him why they had run away, and he sympathized. He followed after them and caught them up; then he brought them back and clothed them again as if nothing had happened. Naturally his friends remonstrated. They thought Camillus had not noticed what the rascals had done, and told him, bidding him leave them to their fate. But Camillus did not change.
“What, my brothers,” he replied, “do you see nothing but the rags of these poor creatures? And do you see nothing beneath the rags but the poor creatures themselves? Saint Gregory gave to a man in rags, but the man was Jesus Christ Himself.”
This story is only one of many. Of all the great apostles of charity perhaps there is none of whom so many stories are told of extreme generosity to the poorest of the poor. And we in modern times have reason to preserve the memory of Camillus, for we owe him two great debts. In the first place he may be said to be the founder of the modern nursing spirit; in the second place, without any doubt, we are indebted to him for the institution of the Red Cross. When the Order which he founded was formally approved by the Pope, that its members might be distinguished from other regulars, Camillus asked that they might be permitted to wear a red cross on their cassock and mantle. By an apostolic brief, dated 26th June, 1586, the permission was granted; and three days later, on the Feast of Saints Peter and Paul, Camillus with a few of his followers came to Saint Peter’s, each wearing the red cross, and there dedicated themselves and their work to God for all time.
But the charity of Camillus was not confined only to the sick and dying; it spread out to every phase of wretched humanity, no matter where he found it. As he grew older he seemed to recall with greater vividness the miseries of his early days; often enough, when his companions or others ventured to protest against what seemed to them excess, he would only answer that he himself had once been in the same or greater need, and would go on as before. When he traveled, he invariably filled his purse with small coins, to be given to beggars on the way; sometimes, for the same purpose, he would have bags of bread tied to his saddle. He would imitate literally the Samaritan in the Gospel; if he found a sufferer on the road, he would take him to the nearest inn, have him cared for, and leave behind money for his maintenance while he stayed. Indeed, this constant habit of paying for the needs of others whom he met anywhere, and who seemed in any way poorer than himself, was often a source of no small embarrassment to those who traveled with him. Camillus never seemed to care; he was always giving; when his stock ran out he would keep an account of the needs of others and would send them shoes, and clothes, and the like as soon as he was able. Not even the poverty of his own house would stop him; once when a father-prefect had forbidden the distribution of bread at the gate, because there was not enough for the community, Camillus bade him revoke his order.
“Did you sow and reap this bread?” he asked him. “I tell you, that if you will not do good to the poor, God will not do good to you; in the hour of your death it shall be measured out to you with the same measure with which you have measured out to such as these.”
“Trust in God, cowards, and cast your bread into the river of life; soon you shall find it in the ocean of eternity.”
“If no poor could be found in the world, men ought to go in search of them, and dig them up from underground to do them good, and to be merciful to them.”
Indeed, if one may distinguish the charity of Camillus from that of any hero of his class it was specially this: he was for ever “digging out the poor from underground to do them good.” No one knew the slums or the ghetto of Rome better than Camillus; and all whom he found there. Christians or Jews or Turks, were all the same to him. He frequented the prisons; he would shave and wash the wretched convicts, and bade his companions do the same; he had special care of those condemned to death. Even the undiscovered poor did not escape him; he would inquire from neighbors whether they knew of widows or children in straitened circumstances, and when he found them those widows and children would find parcels of money and clothes coming to them from they knew not where. Lastly we must mention his care of the very animals. He once found a newborn lamb lying in a ditch, apparently forgotten by the shepherds. He got off his horse, picked up the lamb and carried it in his cloak to the nearest sheepfold, where he gave it to those who would look after it. Another time he came across a dog with a broken leg. He cared for it and fed it regularly; when he had to leave the place he asked others to continue to look after it.
“I, too, have had a bad leg,” he said; “and I know the misery of not being able to walk. This is a creature of God, and a faithful creature, too. If I am as faithful to my master as a dog is to his, I shall do very well.” As we read incidents and sayings like these we seem to see the secret of the sanctity of Camillus; a depth of human sympathy, and virility, and love of life itself, which was at once the cause of his early wanderings and of his later heroism. In all greatness there is a certain disregard of consequences, be it in good or in evil; we say that the greatest mountains cast the deepest shadows. So was it with Camillus. In his early years this disregard led him to choose the life he did; later it would almost seem that it left him without any power to choose for himself at all. But one day, on a sudden, he seemed to awake. He saw something he had not seen before; he felt within himself a power to be and do which was not his own. Up to that time he had often tried and failed; from that moment he failed no more. He made many mistakes; for years he was compelled to grope about; feeling his way, not knowing where he would end, perhaps not altogether caring. Still, during those years of groping it is clear that his willpower was being strengthened every day. It is not a little significant that whereas at the age of twenty-three he had not the will to resist a fellow-tramp, when he was thirty he could hold his own conviction against even a Saint Philip Neri.
Once this willpower had been gained the rest of the growth of Camillus is comparatively easy to explain. He was a soldier by profession, for whom life had no surprises, to whom no degree of degradation came as a shock; he had gone through the worst and he knew. But he also knew that however low a man may fall he remains still a man; when he himself had been at his lowest he had never quite lost the memory of better things, nor the vague desire that he might be other than he was. From his own experience he was sure that the most wretched of men was more to be pitied than to be condemned; and if to be pitied, then to be helped if that was possible. With this knowledge, burnt into his soul during ten bitter years, and with the will now developed to act, the hero latent in Camillus began to appear. Nothing could stop him; not the anxious warning of a saint, not the discouragement of religious superiors, not the appeals of seculars who bade him be content with the good he was doing, not his own want of education, which seemed to exclude all possibility of the priesthood, not his naturally passionate nature, signs of which are manifest in him to the end. Like other saints, he began with nothing; as with them, the bread he gave multiplied within his hands; even more than has been the case with most saints, the stream he has set flowing has not been confined within the limits of a religious Order, but has overflowed its banks, and has materially affected the whole of our civilization.
Such has been the working of the grace of God in and through Camillus de Lellis, the trooper, the tramp. He founded his Congregation, and it was approved, in 1586, when he was thirty-six years of age. It was raised to the rank of an Order in 1591 , and Camillus was appointed its first General. He held that office till 1607, when he persuaded his brethren, and the ecclesiastical authorities, to allow him to resign. He lived for seven years more, a humble subject in the Order which he himself had founded and, as is not uncommon in the lives of saints, if we may judge from certain signs, they were not the happiest years of his life. In 1613 it became evident to himself and to his brethren that he could not live much longer, and at his own request he was taken to Rome, that he might die in the Holy City. But his preparation for death was characteristic of his life; so long as he could drag himself about he could not be kept from visiting the hospitals. When he could no longer go out, he still continued to visit the sick in his own house; and when that became impossible, then he set himself to writing many letters, to the many in the world who had helped him with their alms, and to his own brethren, that they might continue the good work. For himself, he did not forget what he had been. “I beseech you on my knees to pray for me,” he said to the General of the Carmelites, who visited him on his death-bed, “for I have been a great sinner, a gambler, and a man of bad life.”
As his mind began to wander it always went in the direction of God’s mercy; he seemed never to tire of thanking Him for all He had done, through the merits of the Precious Blood of Christ. At length the end came. He stretched out his arms in the form of a cross, pronounced again his thanksgiving for the Blood of Christ, and died. It was in the evening of July 14th, 1614.
Please submit your comments and questions for me using the form below. I’m always happy to hear from you and will do my best to respond promptly.
You can connect with me via my many social media accounts by clicking on the icons in the top right corner of every page.
I'm writing this post to bring an interesting and odd find to the attention of anyone interested in late Medieval European clothing (esp. 15th century), because it offers an opportunity to help in a small important way, in historical costume research.
Today on Academia.edu, Beatrix Nutz, who is leading the research into the clothing-related archaeological finds at Lengberg Castle, posted a short note along with a picture. The note reads simply, "Help – I have a question. Has anyone seen this type of metal (iron and non-ferrous) eye-closure before? These have been found at Lengberg Castle in East Tyrol (Austria) and date to the 15th century. I am trying to find comparisons."
Although I don't usually post pictures from other sites that are not under a Creative Commons license or the like or unless I have special permission, I am reproducing Professor Nutz's photograph in the interest of amplifying the signal on her request for help.
I have never seen this type of closure in a medieval context (not that I have special expertise in that period of costume history). It's very clearly not a hook and eye, and it doesn't really look like two "eyes" in search of a hook, to me. Rather, it seems to be a kind of toggle (note how the loop on the item on the right is less wide but fatter in shape than the loop on the item on the left). It appears that you would insert the "loop" on the rightward device into the "loop" on the leftward one to close your garment.
If anyone reading this has any knowledge about other medieval finds of this type of object, please get in touch with Professor Nutz. She is with the Archaeology Department at the University of Innsbruck in Austria.
A scale would really help. How long are the white and black bars supposed to be (to someone not used to looking at these)?
I think the black and white bar at the top of the photo is meant to give scale. That's hard to tell if you don't know the length of the bar sections, but I think the convention for archaeological photographs is that each segment is 1 cm long. If that's true, each of the metal items is a bit more than a centimeter long.
I'm familiar with Fouquet's Jester portrait. Though this does not prove anything (hooks and eyes can have different shapes), I note that the only eye shown on the Fouquet portrait is shaped like an egg, and is not mostly rectangular like the ones in the Lengberg find.
In addition, although Professor Nutz's note does not indicate the positions in which the metal objects were found (which would provide clues as to use), her note suggests that she thinks these items are a set and constitute one closure. That's speculation, of course, and I could be wrong about that.
Finally, as is too typical for me, I got something backward in my post; the longer toggle (left) would have to be inserted into the shorter one (right) for the two together to work as a closure.
As a local, I know Vancouver well. After working with developers building upscale homes, I discovered my true passion and expertise was working directly with the homeowner, uncovering value for both short term and long term investments. My love for real estate at all levels and also helping people realize their dreams, made it a natural transition into the residential market. Character and Vintage homes are my specialty and Vancouver has some amazing ones. Working with Oakwyn Realty, One of Vancouver's most reputable Real Estate offices, Is not only a lot of fun but allows me to live my dream working with great clients, great properties and great realtors. Most importantly is assuring my clients wake up happy with the result. Customer service at the highest level. On the personal side - as a true Canadian, I of course love hockey. I love restoration - especially hands on 'making the old new again', but most of all, I love walking the beautiful Vancouver neighbourhoods with my border terrier pup 'Rudes'. If you see us, stop and say hi. I am excited about continuing to provide new and existing clients with my personal and professional service.
Listing data is based in whole or in part on data generated by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver and Fraser Valley Real Estate Board which assumes no responsibility for its accuracy.
With the continued growth of online semantic information, the processes of searching and managing this massive scale and heterogeneous content have become increasingly challenging. In this work, we present PowerAqua, an ontology basedcQuestion Answering system that is able to answer queries by locating and integrating information, which can be massively distributed across heterogeneous semantic resources. We provide a complete overview of the system including: the research challenges that it addresses, its architecture, the evaluations that have been conducted to test it and a deep discussion showing how PowerAqua effectively supports users in querying and exploring the Semantic Web content.
This is the final version, which has been accepted for publication. Reviews on previous versions are listed below.
My main comment in this review is about the presentation of the evaluation section. It should be more explicit and concrete (see some details below). It would
exist in the text most of the time (apart from definition), but it would be easier for the reader to follow
especially in cases when there is a mixed opinion in the literature or if the measures are adapted from some other field such as precision and recall).
possible especially in the evaluation section. Some pointers are given below in the Detailed review.
NLIDBs developed in 80s claimed to be easily portable so maybe leave that out ("proven to be ontology-independant")
let's>> let us (avoid abbreviations, there are mentions of "don't" and similar in the paper, these should be replaced with extended versions)
"precision: which results are valid from all set of results">> suggested rephrase: the number of correct
"precision@1:">>similar rephrase; 'correct' is more explicit than 'valid' in the definition, and also 'all the results ranked at the first place'>
To my understanding, the problem for calculating recall is that you cannot measure 2, but if you want to calculate recall@1 wouldn't that again require 2 in your equation?
I might have already said this, but I will repeat as I think it is very important: the chapter uses precision, recall, accuracy, and other measures.
talk about 'successfully answered questions'. Does it mean that 'successfully answered questions' are also correctly answered questions? If yes,
than why not use precision here. The language throughout the paper should be as explicit as possible. A reader could easily interpret
answered by PowerAqua. Something like: xx% of questions that users asked were supported by PA query language
difficulty of the supported language in which case precision and recall of @.5-0.7 does not sound bad.
This paper describes consolidated work, summarizing the results of a consistent and well-founded research line, highly relevant for the community. In my opinion the authors have addressed the review comments well. The article is clearer and the motivation and experimental sections are stronger now. The paper illustrates well the research problems and proposed solutions, and convey to the reader both the capabilities and the limitations of the system. Thus, I recommend its publication.
This paper describes an ontology-based Question Answering system which can process natural language queries and integrate massive heterogeneous information sources. The idea of this paper is well motivated. The paper is well presented, and experiments confirm the claims.
able to answer Natural Language questions by locating and integrating information "which can be massively distributed across heterogeneous semantic resources".
While I really like the problem addressed in the paper and also appreciate the work on the algorithms developed in order to solve the problem (especially as the authors have spent many years doing the research on this topic), I find the Evaluation section not being aligned with the main contribution quoted above - the paper should be revised to do the evaluation with querying the LOD on the fly and with the users in order to support the current contribution statement. For example, claims that 'PowerAqua effectively supports users in querying and exploring the Semantic Web content'should be accompanied with the user-centric evaluation. The evaluation does make links to the challenges listed in Section 3,
refer to the quoted part of the contribution mentioned above. More details in the detailed review below.
even without repeating the evalution experiments, the paper would need to be changed significantly (more in the detailed review below).
from where it is possible to access the demo(s). However, all demo links seem broken. Therefore, although this publication is listed under Systems/Tools my review is based solely on
what is described in the paper (and my overall score would be strongly influenced by the possibility to try out the demo due to the category of this paper which lists that as a requirement).
While I understand that this review sounds pretty harsh, I believe it contains useful information for the authors in order to improve the paper.
- while I like the research question, I have to disagree that 'this data growth diminishes the sparseness and incompleteness'...one of the main
challenges brought by this data growth is indeed incompleteness and noisyness...and 'incompleteness' is mentioned under Challenges
not being able to handle complex queries is not their disadvantage neither I would agree that they are not balancing
semantic search engines are finding *documents* (in this case these are Semantic Web Documents/ontologies/RDF graphs)
from these two we can derive that 'these owned factual KBs are part of the current SW information space'..which does not sound correct. Can anybody
Now reading further, this is nicely distinguished in the Related work section so my suggestion would be to remove this paragraph from Intoduction.
the difference btw a system that has a set of predefined URIs as input (or a repository URL where all ontologies are loaded) and
- what does this mean? Consider for rephrasing. It seems to me that some of the mentioned systems do indeed query the Web of Data on the
not clear how heterogeneity arises 'from the use of different ontologies, but also within the same ontology'.
considered a research contribution on its own.", why is Step 2 (query interface) a research contribution?
deployed somewhere, and then datasets from LOD are loaded. This means that PA then queries the pre-specified set
of datasets when used with Virtuoso or Sesame which is not inline with the main contribution statement.
- 5.1: evaluation of PowerAqua as a query expansion component to an IR system. This evaluation might be very
set of ontologies linked on the Web. Also, while there is a mention of 20% improvement of the precision in
the 'semantic information space' was not the whole semantic web space but a subset which is preloaded
into a repository and then queried. While I can understand the reason for this (to make results reproducible)
what I would really like to see is the questions run against the whole semantic web space (as that feature seem to
Further on, it is mentioned that it was hard to assess failures of PowerAqua in the evaluation from Section 5.1.
Section 5.3. presents the evaluation of merging and ranking altorithm. It is stated in the papercthat this algorithm was not available when doing the evaluation in Section 5.2. In order to really
see the effect of this algorithm, why not repeat the same experiment from section 5.2. only with this component
enabled? Current evaluation setup adds up to the set of the ontologies being queried but also the set of questions. Therefore it
- Nice, but how about showing the table with and without the merging component? It will be easier to see the difference.
- this now confuses me as it seems that DBPedia was used in the evaluation 5.3. as well, what was then different in the evaluation
'fusion algorithm'>> it would be nice to introduce this as a term somewhere earlier in the paper - maybe at the parts where
you talk about " knowledge fusion and ranking mechanisms"; is this the algorithm implemented in the 'merging and ranking component'
- I am a bit confused with this statement. Does this mean that recall is increased when using DBPedia while the precision was not affected?
I would strongly recommend that at the begining of the evaluation section you give definition of precision and recall and then use only
This system paper offers a comprehensive view of PowerAqua, an ontology-based question answering system. The system receives queries posed in natural language which are analysed linguistically and translated into semantic triples. These triples are mapped to equivalent or related statements discovered in a pool of ontologies. Underlying data satisfying the query are retrieved. After a merging and ranking process, the final answer is given back to the user. The paper motivates the interest of such a system in a "massive and heterogeneous information space", describes its architecture, and presents various evaluations.
This paper describes consolidated work, summarizing the results of a consistent and well-founded research line. In my opinion, this approach is highly relevant for the community and has many ingredients for being a killer application in a near future. The paper is clear, illustrates well the research problems and proposed solutions, and convey to the reader both the capabilities and the limitations of the system. Here are some comments that could enhance the paper.
- The system deals with some LOD semantic datasets although needing to store them locally in Virtuoso or Sesame repositories. This is an important issue and, in appearance, a practical limitation. Some questions arise, such as why not to keep these datasets online and to access them by using sparql endpoints (when available) or by other means (like www.sindice.com). I guess this for achieving real time performance, although I would appreciate more details in the paper justifying this design decision.
- There are some overlap between sections 1 (introduction) and 2 (related work). I recommend to move (and merge) the three paragraphs starting "As an example..." from section 1 to section 2 in order to improve readability.
- Some citations (or footnotes) are missing in the paper for TREC QA, WordNet, TAP ontology, and the WSD techniques mentioned in 4.4
- Research challenges 4, 5, and 6 are introduced as a consequence of the emergence of LOD. They are however not specific of LOD in particular but affect the Semantic Web in general (though LOD exacerbates them).
- Section 4. The numeration of the component is not aligned with the numbers in Figure 1 (e.g., 1 is "semantic storage platforms" in the text and "linguistic component" in the figure). I recommend to follow the same numeration in both places for the sake of clarity.
- Section 4. Item 4 of the architecture should be more concise, following the style of the other items (e.g., some details provided later in section 4.4 could be omitted).
- Section 5.2. The five items included in "lessons learned" are conclusions that could be moved to the end of Section 5, owing to the fact that they are general enough and seem to be relevant not only to the experiments in 5.2 but to the whole section.
- The authors mention the suboptimal performance of current ontology repositories as an issue that limits PowerAqua capabilities. More details (or a reference to them) would be appreciated. A better insight on the behaviour of such repositories is an interesting result by itself and might be useful for many researchers.
- In Section 5.3 the ranking algorithm is mentioned in plural, stating also that "the best ranking algorithm was able to...". There were more than one algorithm tested? (different to the method described in 4.6).
- The headers of table 1 are not significant enough. In particular "after dbpedia" and "after virtuoso" (what they really mean is accessing dbpedia in sesame or in virtuoso).
- The impact of the system has to be emphasized in the paper in order to fully accomplish the requirements of a system paper. For instance, some details could be added about other research lines influenced by PowerAqua or reusing (or planning to reuse) some of its components. Also some metrics about the visits/usage of the PowerAqua web application (if available) could be added.
Second paragraph in 5.3: "Precision and recall, where selected as evaluation metrics" -> "Precision and recall were selected as evaluation metrics".
Third paragraph in 5.3: "...the ranking algorithms was able..." -> "...the ranking algorithms were able...".
ĄŁ Ł Ę Ę ŁĘ Ł Ł Ó Ż Ą Ó Ó Ó Ó Ó Ó Ó Ó Ż Ó ć Ę Ą Ę Ą Ę Ó Ó Ó Ż Ó Ę Ż Ż Ż Ó Ó Ó Ó Ó Ż Ż Ż Ó Ź Ó Ó ć Ż ć Ż ć Ą ć Ó Ó Ż Ź Ź ź ź ź ź Ą ź Ż Ź Ó Ź ź ć ź ć ź Ź Ż Ó ć ć Ó Ó Ż Ź Ó Ó Ż Ć Ź Ó Ż Ż Ż Ż Ż Ę Ł Ż Ą Ć Ó
Bristol, VA/TN -- Wayne Taylor is primed to return to full-time touring with Blue Highway on Saturday, August 13, 2016, for the prestigious Mountain Stage concert and Live Performance Radio Program at Davis & Elkins College in Elkins, WV.
Nashville, TN -- It can be tough to be in the music industry and have access to quality healthcare. Whether you are an artist, business owner, event producer or whatever your role in the industry, it can be a challenge to keep yourself healthy and find affordable providers for your healthcare needs.
Blue Highway's highly respected and much loved bass player, songwriter, and vocalist Wayne Taylor has been hospitalized on Friday, May 13, with heart surgery impending on Monday.
Junior Sisk will undergo surgery next Thursday, February 12, 2015, in order to fix a bulging disk in his neck that is causing a pinched nerve in his right arm and fingers. Sisk says that he will not be canceling any shows, and plans to be back on stage March 6 and 7 to perform at Bluegrass on the Beach in Lake Havasu, Arizona.
Last year, Blake Johnson became seriously ill with a blood disease that landed him in the hospital for an extended stay of 8 weeks in Duke University Hospital. This forced him to be off the road and the band continued with a replacement. The band is happy to report that Blake is well and back performing in his role. Russell Moore wrote, "We are so thankful to have Blake Johnson back on the road with us! He's doing wonderful, recovering well, and singing and playing better than ever! We already performed our first show of the new year at a place that is very dear to our hearts, Galax, VA."
Le Puy, France -- Powerhouse Bluegrass group Blue Highway is currently in France for a two-week tour with stops at the Country Rendezvous Festival in Craponne and the La Roche Bluegrass Festival in La Roche. Following a high octane first night's performance by the band, reflecting their energized current #1 album "The Game," Blue Highway's heralded banjo player and vocalist Jason Burleson awoke ill this morning with what has been diagnosed by physicians in Le Puy as a stomach ulcer.
There was a time when a singer's voice disorders were mainly about crisis management. But recently, preventative treatment has become important, es­pecially in Nashville, where the voice is one’s moneymaker.
As most readers know, James King was in the hospital for three weeks and has just recently been released. James posted yesterday, I have spent 20+ days in the Cox South Hospital in Springfield, Missouri and Roanoke Memorial Hospital in Roanoke, VA. I've had issues with and have been treated for kidney stones, an infected gall bladder, blood clots and a few other minor complications from the surgeries. I'm on the mend now and recuperating comfortably at my new home in Oak Level, VA. I intend to be back on the road and singing again as soon as the good Lord allows. Hopefully within the next couple weeks I'll be back on stage. I want to thank my family, friends and fans for all of the support, get well cards and monetary contributions. It sure means the world to me and has really helped in the healing process."
A year ago, Cybergrass reported that bluegrass legend Curly Seckler, 94, was at home recovering from a minor stroke which resulted in issues with speech. We just received word that Curly Seckler has suffered another stroke on June 1. This stroke was more severe and and that he has partial paralysis on the left side of his body. He is currently in a rehabilitation center in Hendersonville, TN. We're not sure how long he will need to be there.
One of our favorite bluegrass artists, Charlie Sizemore, is still experiencing health issues that began last year. Mid 2013, Charlie cancelled all of his scheduled performances. Bluegrass duo Feller & Hill graciously will be filling his performance slots. Charlie remains quite ill as we approach mid 2014 - nearly a year since he announced his health concerns.
Lonesome Pine RFD Bluegrass DJ, Carol Beaugard, has been keeping us posted on Tex Logan. At this time of the year, he probably needs a bit of cheering up. Christmas Carol says, "Beloved legendary bluegrass fiddler Tex Logan who composed the classic 'Christmas Time's a Coming' is in a rehabilitation center. He will be coming home after Christmas. Let's give Tex the gift of love this holiday - will you write him a Christmas card? the address is noted in this message from his daughter Jody. Wouldn't it be great if he could receive 1,000 cards before Christmas?! Please share this and let's make this the most magical time of the year for one of our best."
Nashville, TN -- Last Thanksgiving, Buddy Melton was simply grateful to be alive. This year, he’s eager to share new insights after triumphantly returning from life-threatening injuries sustained in an accident on his farm. His nose, forehead and right eye socket were shattered when a cow kicked a heavy metal gate, which struck Melton in the head. The singer/fiddler endured a 10-hour reconstructive surgery, months of recovery, and lost more than 30 pounds. He continues to deal with medical issues including loss of taste and smell, and facial numbness.
Music & Memory is a non-profit organization that brings personalized music into the lives of the elderly or infirm through digital music technology, vastly improving quality of life. Music & Memory is "re-awakening" elders with Alzheimer's through personalized playlists -- has received financial backing from the Wisconsin Department of Health Services and the Healthcare Foundation of New Jersey.
The Eureka Springs Bluegrass Festival has announced a change in the headline act for the Auditorium show on Saturday, August 17th, 2013. Due to serious health issues, Jesse McReynolds will be unable to perform. But the show must go on and another Bluegrass legend, Bobby Osborne, will be filling McReynolds' place for the festival. Osborne and his band, the Rocky Top X-press, will now be performing as part of the 2½ hour show.
ceramic urn water fountain get quotations a design burnt umbra ceramic jar garden urn fountain home bar ideas diy home organization ideas diy.
home ideas show sioux falls exalted fountains o a beginners project the urn garden water feature tv minecraft inside,home colour ideas for living room office pinterest indoor ceramic urn water fountain free app,small home ideas pinterest website decor around tv urn water fountain garden fountains outdoor,home decor ideas for living room india light up urn indoor tabletop water fountain pump diy pinterest dream tv show,home theater ideas pinterest great tv show vase fountains blue thumb with urn water fountain decor 8 country magazine,home design ideas website my interior garden water fountain,home ideas magazine australia ceramic fountains vase fountain pot kit decor around tv my website,best water feature ideas and designs for home diy cheap improvement app decor living room india,website homepage ideas home pinterest appliances vase fountains outdoors urn water fountain stunning,home decor ideas website urn fountains garden for living room diy.
raised dog feeder stands elevated dog bed standing bowl best bowls in 9 sparks pet feeder raised how to make a wooden.
elevated dog feeder stands cat food bowl stand raised bowls pet best,elevated dog feeder stands raised bowls how to build a bowl stand free printable project, elevated dog feeder stands tall bowls stylish pet bowl raised,modern raised dog feeding station large breed food stand elevated feeder stands, elevated dog feeder stands 8 modern bowl stand options shop stylish raised feeders, pet bowl stands awesome dog feeder large farmhouse elevated,raised pet feeder bowls elevated clear acrylic feeding stand with dog stands ,elevated dog feeder stands raised pet bowls double bowl stand 7 cat food, elevated dog feeder stands making a bowl,elevated dog feeder stands wooden new best bowl images on three 2 .
True incest story: Cousin gets little brother high on weed. Author: Hugedick1429. Best day of my life, this has a continuation. I’ll post it if I get some positive feedback. This story is the continuation from where Gucci and I left off. If you haven’t read the previous story , please do so , so that you understand the timeline. Anyway, let’s get on with the show. The story is including of True Story, Blowjob, Incest.
It had been two weeks since I had seen Gucci. All I could think about was that day. It got me hard every time. We still used to message each other. The usual ” I’m feeling horny.” “I want you inside me”. Well, that kind of stuff. Once we tried to Skype and have cyber sex when my parents were away. She got undressed and started saying really naughty things to me.
I’m practically drooling. She spreads her pussy lips and moans a bit more. I started stroking my cock like a mad man. I eventually came all over the monitor. Just where her pussy was. She heard me groan and continued..
By now she had got up and was facing the camera. My jizz was all over her beautiful face. God her smile was so intoxicating.
Bring you cock to the monitor and make it touch my lips. She ordered. She loved being in control. I had no problems with that.I did as she said and told her.
She smiled again at me. And slowly curled her tongue out and licked The camera! She was virtually getting me hard again. God I loved her. We could’ve gone on but the doorbell to her house rang.
Oh shit! Someone’s here. See you next time and come home! Bye. She kissed the camera and left. But she didn’t switch off the webcam. She let me watch her walk a little ways away and put on her clothes. I was stroking myself off again.
Well that was about as much action I would get for the next few days. Eventually I got tired of jerking off to her and decided I wanted to feel her again. It was the Sunday of that very week. She sent me a text.
That was all the inspiration I needed. She sent me the message at about 9 in the morning. So I had two hours to get ready. I decided to shave off my pubes. My parents were out for their usual morning walks so I had around an hour till they got back. I went to the bathroom and lathered my penis and balls in shaving cream. It felt really cold but oddly pleasant.
I usually trim my pubes on regular basis so it wasn’t really that hard to shave everything off. The tricky part was shaving my balls. I eventually got it done. When I washed everything up I had a hard shining boner which needed some love. I thought about Gucci and I got even more hard and my penis twitched. I started stroking myself a little and decided against it. I wanted to save myself for Gucci.
It was 10:45 by the time I was ready. I told my parents I was heading to gucci’s house. They didn’t dialect anything. I hopped on my bike and rode over to her place. I reached there by 10:57 and waited at the door till it was 11 in my smartphone. I knocked on the door and immediately she opened it. A hand came out and grabbed my shirt and lurched me inside the building.
She pulled me to herself and brought her lips to mine. I was still in a daze and decided to go with it. I soon began to feel her tongue poking around my mouth. She was breathing hard and I could feel her warmth on my tongue. I moved my hands to her bum and groped her cheeks. God they were so soft and round.
I broke the kiss and proceeded to kiss her neck. She had a little musical note tattoo on her nape. I ran my tongue over it and kissed it over and over. She started breathing eratically.
wait. she tried to say. But I didn’t let her. I kept kissing and licking her tattoo. She moaned even more and I moved my hands up her body and made my way to her breasts. She wasn’t wearing a bra. How fantastic. I tried to pull her top off but she wouldn’t let me. She eventually broke away and took my hand and guided me upstairs.
That was the first time that I had seen her fully that day. She was wearing super tight black leggings that hugged her ass so hard. She was wearing a white sleeveless top that sported her ridiculously large cleavage. God I was in love. She took my hand and led me to her room on the first floor. I managed to cop a feel of her ass a couple of times while we were ascending the stairs.
We made it to her room and neither of us wasted any time. We both were stripped to our underwear in record time. She was only in her panties and I was in my boxers. She motioned me to move closer with her finger. How could I resist? I moved to her slowly and put my arms around her amazing body.
for those of you who haven’t read the previous part, a little about Gucci. She’s 20. Brunette. The most beautiful and smooth brown skin tone I’ve ever seen. She was on her high school no selling team.
But she was also a math wiz. She was one of those girls who didn’t need make up to look pretty. She was in great shape and took care of her body like a freak. Her boobs were 36D and gave little notice to gravity. Her ass was round and firm. She had long legs that seemed to go all the way up her ass. Just writing this is getting me hard. Lol.
Anyway continuing, I put my arms around her and looked her in the eyes.. She had beautiful brown eyes. She had tried her long brown hair into a tight bun behind her head and a tiny strand was trying to pop onto her face. God, so beautiful.
I missed you too. I’ve been so hard all this time. I’ve been dreaming of putting my cock inside you again.
is that so? she said with a naughty smile and gripped the bulge in my boxers. It sent streams of pleasure through my back.
any more hard and they’ll mine you for iron ore. she went on. She was now rubbing the bulge slowly along the outline of my penis. She brought her face to mine and kissed me slowly and passionately. I felt her tongue inside my mouth probing for mine. She found it and our tongues danced in my mouth. Her saliva turned Me on so much! Finally she ended the kiss and turned around with her back facing me.
She rubbed her panty clad ass on my erection and started grinding on me. I held her hips and thrust forward in sync to her movements. She kept this up and I started groping her breasts. So soft and firm.
I pinched her nipples and she cried out in pleasure. She turned around slowly and faced me again. I slipped my hand into her panties and felt her moist womanhood. She was obviously turned on. But what surprised me was this new little bush I had discovered inside her panties. She had let her pubes grow since last time. But then she wasn’t hairy everywhere. I pulled her panties by the elastic and peeked inside to see her hair trimmed in a beautiful strip just above her slit.
I looked her in the eyes and she giggled. Wow. She then held me by my undies and pushed me onto the bed. I fell down with my back facing down. She slowly took off her panties and threw them on my chest. My boxers were fully tented. She climbed the bed and sat on my penis and was smiling. She started grinding on my cock. I would’ve blown my load right there had she not got off and lay down beside me.
well here’s your chance. she said and got up and went to her bookshelf. She took out a small cover from behind a book and strode over to the bed. Her marvelous boobs jiggling all the while. She sat down next to me crosslegged. She took out three joints. I moved my hand and started rubbing her pussy. It was wet and I wanted to eat her out. She placed an ash Tray on the bed.
She took one joint and put it in her mouth. She lit it and inhaled deeply. I was mesmerized by her breasts and the way they heaved when she inhaled. She then faced up and blew the smoke out with a contented face. She passed me the joint and I took it with unsteady hands. I put the roach to my mouth and inhaled. I immediately coughed hard. She laughed and leaned over to kiss me when I stopped coughing.
I nodded like a lost child. She closed her eyes and inhaled once. She put the joint in the ash tray. She came close and held my head by the sides. She slowly brought her lips to mine and blew the smoke into my mouth. She slowly opened her eyes as she blew the smoke into me. I inhaled about half and ended up coughing again. We were making out with smoke all around us.
We went on like this for quite some time and I was hard the whole time. She would exhale smoke into my mouth and then lick my lips and kiss me. We eventually got high as hell. Me more so than her. When we were done with all our joints she looked at me and smiled. She moved her hand towards my boxers and slid them off me.
She had begun stroking my boner and occasionally licking the head and curling her tongue around my shaft. I was in heaven. I don’t know if it was the weed but I was in a daze and wave after wave of pleasure were rocking through me.
She didn’t need anymore motivation. She stroked my cock a little and got it harder and opened her mouth and slowly engulfed my penis in her mouth. It was so warm and wet. I loved the feeling of her tongue against the base of my shaft. I put my hand on her head and moaned in ecstacy. She started bobbing her head over my cock. She would reach the head and suck really hard.
She paid no heed to my warning and kept going. She was licking the head for a few seconds when I started groaning. She took my cock back in her mouth and started sucking it like a mad person. My body buckled and I ejaculated in her mouth. Apparently there was too much for her and it started flowing out of her mouth as she was sucking me off. I held her hair and pushed my cock into her mouth as far as I could. She then took my cock out and started licking the head. There were little strands of cum all over her mouth that were still stuck to my cock.
yum. was all she said. She sat up on my cock and stroked me a little. A little more cum poured out. She scooped it up in her finger and brought it to my face.
taste your cum. I took her finger in my mouth and licked it for all I was worth savor img the salty taste of my semen. She smiled and lay down next to me. She put a leg over me and I could feel the weight of her boobs on my chest.
True sex story: BBW threesome. Author: Mae20. This story is including: True Story, Anal, Bi-sexual, Consensual Sex, … [Read More...]
2017 school sex stories: DRIVING MISS DAISY - by senorlongo. I first met Daisy while a graduate student in college. … [Read More...]
2017 adult story: Mistaken Indemnity - by KrosisOfTheCollective. Hey, how ya doin'? Name's Hugh Johnson. No, really! … [Read More...]
2017 true sex story: My Wife fucked a young soldier the same age as our son - by JSipes7798. My wife fucked a young … [Read More...]
All contents that appear on the site are copyright of their respective owners. Images are for Illustration purposes only. Erotic-stories.mobi claims no credit for them unless otherwise noted. If you own the rights to any of the content and do not wish them to appear on this site, please contact us via e-mail: [email protected] and they will be promptly removed. Thank You.
[MLS®#: R2313115]To see is to purchase. Dream location to the very best schools Vancouver has to offer.
REBGV The data relating to real estate on this web site comes in part from the MLS Reciprocity program of the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver. Real estate listings held by participating real estate firms are marked with the MLSR logo and detailed information about the listing includes the name of the listing agent. This representation is based in whole or part on data generated by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver which assumes no responsibility for its accuracy. The materials contained on this page may not be reproduced without the express written consent of the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver. Copyright 2018 by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver, Fraser Valley Real Estate Board, Chilliwack and District Real Estate Board, BC Northern Real Estate Board, and Kootenay Real Estate Board. All Rights Reserved.
Hij snapt er niks van. “Naar Japan!? Met die twee?!?” De man die op onze auto gaat passen wijst naar de achterbank. Ons kroost kijkt gelaten terug. Zij zien het probleem niet.
Cultivating Health Literacy at the State and National Levels Grantmakers in Health Northern America 2008
In 2009, a year in which the United States economy suffered from one the worst economic downturns since the Great Depression, Americans gave over $300 billion to charities, more than one of every 50 dollars they produced. Nearly 64 million Americans over the age of 16 volunteered, 26.8 percent of the population. Within a month after the earthquake that devastated Haiti, more than three-quarters of a billion dollars had been donated for the relief effort in the United States, about as much as was contributed after the attacks of September 11, 2001 in a comparable period of time.
Examples of American generosity such as these are not hard to find and usually stand in sharp contrast to how people in other countries behave. This course will examine why Americans care as much as they seem to, the various ways in which philanthropy in the United States occurs, what it has accomplished, and the challenges it faces. Readings will be drawn from a wide range of humanities and social science disciplines and a comparative perspective used to highlight significant differences (and similarities) with other countries.
I have been trying to see pie correct the shortfalls of IE8 by launching the html file using Notepad++ and viewing the pages in IE8 locally.
I have read forums that have suggested changing css rules for elements position:relative and have tried that. No better outcome.
I have used The (Mark of the Web) to disable active X warnings in IE. That also did not change the outcome.
All products are subject to price change and availability. C Sterling Jewelers reserves the right to limit quantities. Any typographical, photographic or other errors are subject to correction. For all prices and products, C Sterling Jewelers reserves the right to make adjustments due to errors, changing market conditions, product discontinuation or typographical errors.
When shopping for a wedding band that fits your/her bridal look, Tacori’s selection of wedding bands will never disappoint. This stunning wedding band is crafted from 18k white gold. Cherishing your wedding day with sophistication, this wedding band by Tacori is a difficult piece to pass on.
C Sterling Jewelers is an authorized retailer of Tacori and many other finest jewelry brands in Perrysburg, OH. We carry a vast selections of jewelry in our store. If you need more information about this wedding band with model number HT2510B, feel free to reach us or by clicking the quote request button above.
Please fill out the form below and a C Sterling Jewelers specialist will contact you regarding the as soon as possible.
We provide service for many local companies, as well as, many national fleet providers; such as, ARI, Enterprise, GE Capital, GSA, PHH, Voyager, Wright Express and more. Check with each location for a full list of accepted national fleet programs.
Havoline xpress lube offers a comprehensive maintenance program designed specifically for your company's fleet. We recognize that time and safety are essential to your business' continuing success. A Havoline xpress lube fleet account offers your company saving, convenience and control.
Please contact us if your company would like to establish a fleet account with Havoline Xpress Lube.
Your exhaust system is more than a muffler. It is a series of pipes that run under your car, connected to your muffler and catalytic converter. The main function of your exhaust system is to control noise and to funnel exhaust fumes away from passengers.
In some ways, a car's exhaust system works like a chimney on your house, directing the byproducts from burning fuel away from the people inside. A car's exhaust system routes waste gases from the engine to the rear of the car, where they are discharged into the atmosphere. Exhaust gases contain dangerous substances such as carbon monoxide, which can be hazardous if allowed to flow into the passenger housing of the car.
The exhaust system also converts pollutants into less harmful byproducts, reduces the noise of the engine, and directs exhaust gases so they can be used to heat air and fuel before they go into the engine's cylinders to be burned. Finally, the exhaust system provides just the right amount of backpressure into the engine to improve its fuel-burning efficiency and increase performance. Key components of your exhaust system include:
Acts like a funnel, collecting exhaust gases from all cylinders and releasing it through a single opening. Some engines have two.
Designed to reduce the amount of harmful emissions products by transforming pollutants into water vapor and less harmful gases.
Found at the back of the car, the tail pipe is designed to carry exhaust gases away from the vehicle
All components of the exhaust system are connected with a series of clamps, hangers, flanges, and gaskets.
The Tampa Fresh Turbo received away from with a relatively excellent commence tonite contrary to the Ottawa Senators. Jonne Tammela Jersey The particular Products totally focused the particular Sens inside the initial period of time with regards to photos about aim and also faceoff acquire proportion. Yanni Gourde Jersey Sadly, Dominik Masin Jersey we were holding nonetheless incapable of set the particular puck in the rear of the internet. Andrej Sustr Jersey
One of the very most unexpected reasons for having the initial amount of enjoy could be the referees didn’t setback their particular whistle when. Jonne Tammela Jersey That’s right…there have been zero fines referred to as inside the initial amount of enjoy. Yanni Gourde Jersey Concurrently, Dominik Masin Jersey in which doesn’t suggest right now there weren’t options to get a whistle to be able to setback. Andrej Sustr Jersey
One of the above mentioned occasions turned into somewhat damaging for the Tampa Fresh Turbo. Chris Kunitz Jersey Turbo forwards John Boyle has been race on the web along with Ottawa Senators defenseman Indicate Borowiecki inside the expectation regarding enjoying the particular puck.
Sharks problem being qualified presents to be able to Tierney, Sorensen, Dylan DeMelo Jersey Goodrow
Jonathon Simmons switches in the eventuality of large evening but several shorthanded Silver precious metal idea and you may Trimmers
Magic’s ultimate interstate bet on twelve months is finished inside abdominal and you will Giannis-less Money
SiSoftware : Home | Teams | Users | Brands | Computers/Devices | Aggregated Results | Individual Results
All trademarks acknowledged. Used for identification only under fair use. E. & O. E. This site is not moderated. If you find an offensive post please report it.
Semiconductor Today : the first choice for professionals who demand timely, focused, top-quality coverage of the compound semiconductor industry.
M/A-COM Technology Solutions Inc of Lowell, MA, USA (which makes semiconductors, components and subassemblies for analog RF, microwave, millimeter-wave and photonic applications) has launched what it claims is the first complete solution portfolio for 10G passive optical network (PON) applications, enabling optical line terminal (OLT) and optical network unit (ONU) infrastructure.
“The shift to 10G GPON is underway with initial deployments in all major regions worldwide,” notes Julie Kunstler, principal analyst at market research firm Ovum. “The current 2.5G GPON infrastructure cannot meet continuing bandwidth growth from both residential and non-residential subscribers and applications,” she adds. “In the ultra-cost sensitive, highly competitive fiber access market, MACOM’s technology and product developments to minimize both integration complexities and costs while reducing deployments times will be well received.”
MACOM’s solution portfolio combines the inherent performance and supply scalability advantages of electro-optic modulated lasers (EOMLs), complemented by a range of pre-qualified, interoperable avalanche photodiodes (APDs), transimpedance amplifiers (TIAs), laser drivers, and clock & data recovery (CDR) chips. Leveraging MACOM’s L-PIC technology platform and patented etched facet technology (EFT) for high-volume, low-cost laser manufacturing, MACOM reckons that its 10G PON portfolio is poised to replicate the breakthrough cost-structure reductions that it previously achieved in 2.5G PON.
MACOM claims to be the only supplier to provide the entire range of 10G PON components, while delivering EOML technology that overcomes the performance, yield and cost limitations of electro-absorptive modulated lasers (EMLs). The firm says that its application expertise and end-to-end chip-set enables customers to go to market with tightly integrated 10G PON systems at aggressive timescales, significantly shortening the design and development cycles required to independently validate component interoperability. MACOM claims that it is the only firm that can provide the cost structure, capacity and supply chain flexibility for high-volume, client-side applications.
“MACOM’s leading market share in the PON domain – where we’ve shipped over 135 million lasers to date– is a testament to customers’ trust in our proven technology platforms and volume-scale manufacturing efficiency,” says Vivek Rajgarhia, senior VP & general manager, Lightwave, at MACOM. “With the introduction of our 10G PON solution portfolio, we’ve again affirmed our commitment to helping customers overcome the challenges of deploying advanced optical technologies at massive scale and lowered cost structures.”
Components are sampling to customers now, with full production planned for first-half 2018. MACOM is showcasing its 10G PON solution portfolio in booth #117 at the European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC 2017) in Gothenburg, Sweden (17–21 September).
©2006-2018 Juno Publishing and Media Solutions Ltd. All rights reserved. Semiconductor Today and the editorial material contained within it and related media is the copyright of Juno Publishing and Media Solutions Ltd. Reproduction in whole or part without permission from Juno Publishing and Media Solutions Ltd is forbidden. In most cases, permission will be granted, if the magazine and publisher are acknowledged.
Disclaimer: Material published within Semiconductor Today and related media does not necessarily reflect the views of the publisher or staff. Juno Publishing and Media Solutions Ltd and its staff accept no responsibility for opinions expressed, editorial errors and damage/injury to property or persons as a result of material published.
S U P 6 0 9 v. 2 0 16 G R I L L R U C H O M Y, P R O S T O K Ą T N Y, Z D O L N Ą I B O C Z N Ą P Ó Ł K Ą S U P 6 0 9 I N S T R U K C J A M O N T A 7 U I B E Z P I E C Z N E G O U 7 Y T K O W A N I A S
Hi Mak, Yes I still do this route in the evenings, Im right now doing Bhayandar - Manori Jetty and then to Gorai Jetty and back approx 47kms a day. Would be nice if you can join in. But for the next 3 days Im going to be out of town so if you want you can join me on Thursday evening. My no is 9819492627.
hey mak we guys are meeting at borivili at 5 am for the 3 k ride..u can join us if u have no company
India will be hosting the first International Triathlon in Goa this february 14th. do register yourself for the show. at www.indiatriathlon.com
These are some images of my first individual exhibition at the City Galery of Hradec nad Moravici that ocurred between 8th May to the 1st of June.
A few works I have done after my recent trip to Europe, as usually I visit Berlin, Prague and Poland and took some photos of the streets and people.
On the next 8th of May at 17 hs in the city of Hradec nad Moravici, Czech Republic, the vernissage of brazilian artist Eduardo Lichnowsky will be held at the Mestska gallery. Deterritorializations is a series of 31 works printed in cotton canvas, that deals with philosophical questions and expresses the many changes and transformations that can happen in someone´s life. Eduardo uses images from his extensive family archives, which he restores and intervenes digitally, but the theme is not limited to his ancestors and relatives, as he will be also showing some of his landscape images, usually photos of cities he has photographed and of which he is somehow related.
The name Lichnowsky is commonly known among students and musicians because of their relations with artists like Mozart, Beethoven, Lsizt and Chopin. Their line can be traced back to 1491 when Johann von Woschuts or Woszczyc (a region in Poland) acquired the city of Lichnov (in present day Czech Republic) and began calling himself the man from Lichnov or Lichnovsky, as it is spelled in Czech.
“My family left Poland and Czechoslovaquia after WWII, and since then we have lost contact with our roots. The idea of this event came because of my will to understand better and learn more about our origins and the people of this region”, explains Eduardo, that hopes that this is only the first of the many cultural events he plans to do in Silesia.
My mother Erica, was a painter and a sculpter, she partipated in many competitions in important institutions and won many prizes. Since my childhood I always followed her, not only helping to assemble the exhibitions she took part, but also to the many art events she used to attend (courses, workshops, lectures, etc). My house was always full of interesting people and she also organized art related courses at home; she was also the person who introduced me to philosophy, which I studied for many years.
In 1989 I went to North America (USA) to study film production and took photography classes among many other art related courses at Grossmont and City College, both in San Diego, California.
When I came back to Brazil in 1992, I studied History of Art at Escola de Artes Visuais do Rio de Janeiro, probably one of the most important art schools in Brazil, with Reinaldo Roels, and also documentary production with the prized film director Walter Salles.
Since then I have been to many expositions and museums and try to live a lifestyle that permits me to be creative and have time to produce and express myself through art.
I would say that I am not a photographer or a painter. I don´t own a professional camera and I am also not trained or have drawing or painting techniques, even though I use both media in my line of work, which could be described but not limited to digital art. Whether it´s a photo I took myself or one from the extensive collection of my family archives, I like to use a scanner to make them digital and experiment with the many possibilities that are only possible to achieve using the infinite mathematical calculations of a computer. I do restore some images, I like to make collages and also super impose and fade images to create the emotions and concepts I wish to express. Many of the photos and images I used would probably be lost or have already faded away if I didn´t scan and restore them; you could say that I have a real passion for images, and consider myself their guardian.
The way a computer (scanner, digital camera, photoshop) analyses an image and tries to interpret and represent it, it´s completely different. What can be achieved using this synthetic elements it´s not possible with a plain photo camera and or paint and brushes. And this is what I am interested about digital art, this is where I think something new can be tried and it´s the area where I do my experimentations, even though in many of my works I will use one of the thousands of photos I took or use a pencil or brush to draw or paint something...
The creation process has nothing to do with science or technique, I am very often not able to reproduce an image once it´s ready, because I use the many possibiliites and mathematical calculations implicated in a computer software in a random way, where fate also has a saying in the final outcome.
Like photography in its beginning digital art is still seen and valued by many as a smaller or less important art, what´s your perspective?
As someone involved with art, I am also involved in the process of fighting against a production of subjectivity oriented by the capitalist form of valorization, which is spread by the mass midia and constitutes maybe the biggest problem of humanity nowadays. When I make an image, a video or write a text, I am worried if it will be helpful to create new forms of subjectivity, if it will create sensations, make people think, etc, not if I have mastered a technique or not or if what I am doing has this or that value to the market.
There is a market for digital art and also specialized galleries like for example Lumas. Those works are sold for less than an original painting because they can be printed in series, and they are being sold worldwide through online galeries. Its also making art more accessible and democratic, as now emerging art markets are able to fullfill their demands for more affordable art, nontheless with good quality work.
First of all because the city was so kind to invite me and let me show my work and ideias. Of course the long term relation of my family and ancestors with the city, the fact that my father was born there is also relevant ( the castle of Gratz was bought by prince Joseph Lichnowsky in 1788).
In 2009 while visting the city I went to the Vernisage of famous czech painter and photographer Jan Saudek, that was also happenning at the Mestska gallery in Hradec, and I liked very much the structure of the gallery and the environment and organization of the event, not to mention the modern and exquisite work of Jan, which surprised me. From this event and also with talks and email exchanges with Mr Karel Hannak (Mayor of Hradec) and Mr Martin Sosna (historian and chronicler), both active enthusiasts of the history and cultural legacy of the region, the idea matured.
The theme of this exposition its Identity and its loss. I am trying to show how at the same time that I am searching for my identity through many years of research and recent travels to Europe (2009, 2012), I had also to go through a process of loosing it, in order to find the means to become an artist. Its a paradox that might be difficult for some to understand but indispensable in the creation of the necessary conditions to not only be creative but most of all to be free from all forces that can stop a process and prevent expression from materializing in to objects.
I think it will also be interesting for the local visitor who knows the relation of the Lichnowsky family with the region (Silesia), to know how they live nowadays and what they think, since they left Europe in 1945.
A member of the National Assembly in Frankfurt, Felix Lichnowsky was quite a figure. Known as the Last of the Knights, he fought as a general in Spain during the Civil War of Don Carlos. Assassinated at the age of 34 by revolutionaries he was a close friend and mecenas of Ferenc Liszt.
My grandmother Etelka and her sister photographed at the famous studio of G. L. Manuel Freres, in Paris, 1930,s.
My grandfather Wilhelm was a good photographer, I remember him setting his camera on a tripod and running into the car to make this historical photo of three generations.
This complex concept created by Giles Deleuze and Felix Guatarri serves well when we want to understand the transformations that can occur in our lives.
For example how a line of state men (lawyers, judges, politicians, generals, priests and mayors) became surfers and artists.
The name Lichnowsky is comonly known among students and mucicians because of their relations with artists like Mozart, Beethoven, Lizst and Chopin. Their line can be traced back to 1491 when Johan von Woschuts or Woszczyce (a region in Poland) aquired the city of Lichnov (in present day Czech Republic) and began calling himself: "the man from Lichnov" or Lichnovsky, as it is spelled in Czech.
As we go through this images and reflect on how fate and destiny play an important roll in our lives, we can also understand that to live as an artist, we have to leave behind not only castles and distinctions, but the very values and prejudices that can be retrieving us from our own deterritorializations process!
Wilhelm Lichnowsky on a vistit to his brother Michael (behind on center with hands on waist) who left europe and nazism behind and went to Brazil.
There is no interpretation, no theater, no wardrobe or scene direction, only the feelings and sensations of those who go through a deterritorialization process. Robert Edward 1993, photo, Eduardo Graf.
Mechtilde has left us hundreds of photos, I could do an exposition only with her, with her many lives, faces, productions and deterritorializations,
To be an artist we have to break the walls that surrounds us, go through in to the outside, leaving behind our identity. Michel Graf, San Diego, California 1989.
The relationship of the Lichnowskys with musicians and artists was and is that of friendship, even though in academic texts and journalistic articles, that seem to interpret history from a comtemporay point of view, their is an insistance in refering to it on a contratual and comercial basis, typical of the modern times human relations... Ferenz Lizst was a close friend of Felix Lichnowsky...
Eduardo Graf Lichnowsky was born in Curitiba, Brazil in 1964 and started to get interested in arts by folowing his mother Erica to competitions where she received a vast quantity of prizes. He later studied photography in San Diego City College and Film Production at Grossmont College, both in California. Back to Brazil in 1992 Eduardo studied History of Art at the famous EAV (Parque Laje) with Reinaldo Roels and Documentary Production with Film director Walter Salles Junior at Fundiçao Progresso. Eduardo Studied philosophy since 1989 with Luis Carlos Izidoro and Claudio Ulpiano. He has made documentaries in video and started in 2009 to restore and intervene in digital photos. His first individual exposition was on May the 8th at the City Galery of Hradec nad Moravici in the Czech Republic (2014).
The Club has a vibrant membership enjoying the comforts of a well appointed bar and lounge area with a stage and dance floor. A large screen is available for viewing big events and two television sets are conveniently placed for those who want to watch different programs. Satellite TV is available on all three screens. A dart board is available on request provided its use does not interfere with other events and four full sized snooker tables are available on the first floor - players have to pay for the table lighting.
The stage and dance floor area can be separated from the main lounge providing an area with a small bar for private functions or meeting space, as used by the local book club which is independent from the club.
Membership is by annual subscription due on 1st January every year (and must be renewed before the 1st February of that year) which entitles the member free admission [unless the committee has levied a fee for a particular event] at all times and social events, including the Saturday night entertainment.
Members Guests are very welcome but must be signed in for a small fee of £2.00 per session and £5.00 on Saturday nights. Though only members are allowed to make purchases from the bar.
Prospective new members are usually proposed and seconder by a current member and after completion and submission of an application form are asked to go before the committee.
However if you are interested in joining the Club but do not know a member then please download and complete the application form and it post to The Secretary, The Comrades Club, 194 Brighton Road, Coulsdon, Surrey, CR5 2NF for consideration.
The Club also has an Associate Membership which is currently unavailable due to over subscription. Associate members have the same access to the clubs facilities but have no voting rights and are not permitted to sign in guests and is usually taken by the spouse, or partner, of a full member who wishes to use the clubs facilities on separate occasions.
Dear Colleagues, We are most delighted to open a call for interns (with a possible employment) to the Civic Organization “The Tenth of Aprill” for the Project “Legal Assistance to refugees and asylum seekers”! We are looking for young professionals who: • Possess at least Bachelor’s degree at Law (or related fields) • Are willing to learn and study • Have a high English Proficiency (at least B2) • Are able to work in a team Relevant work experience is desirable, but non-obligatory. If you are eager to start your career at the UNHCR implementing partner’s organization, please send your CV and motivational letter (in English) at the following e-mail address: 10th_april@ukr.net till 15th November, 2017. If you have any questions regarding the internship, don’t hesitate to contact us via e-mail, or call +38 048-766-00-04
A type of fibrous quarts called chalcedony; used to make marbles highly desired by players, as in bulls-eye agate Chat with Ukrainian ladies online. Instant messages, audio and video with lady in real time. UFMA agency. The original and best Catholic singles online dating site for love, faith and fellowship. Catholic online dating, catholic personals, catholic matchmaking, catholic. Welcome to BBPeopleMeet, the most active online dating site for Big and Beautiful singles in the US. The BBPeopleMeet community is the perfect match for single, big. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Many authors choose to present the history of a complex subject by breaking it up into major threads and following the history of each thread separately. Evan, This may be an age-old question. My boyfriend is best friends with his ex-girlfriend. They dated africa connect dating site two and dating dna (2014) half years, broke up 5 years ago, have many. We all know the story: Youve seen someones online africa connect dating site dating hattersley compact hook up profile and you like what you see. Now its time to suss one another out, to see if theyre free online dating sites for usa. Halo 3 Ct tamburello dating diem brown Mark VI Gay kid dating sites Edit Mark VI: High Detail parts Africa connect dating site. These are more detailed versions of the Normal Detail files below. Wake up ladies. You HAVE to stop making excuses for the guys you're dating if and when you see theses signs - he's not africa connect dating site into you, and that's okay. Nov 06, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Apps That'll Prevent You From Sexting Your Ex and Other Late-Night No-Nos Fifty-six people app for dating site stories of the gray area sexual encounters they cant forget-and africa connect dating site with what harassment means to them. Rethinking Carbon-14 Does uniform dating cost What Does It Africa connect dating site Tell Us about the Age of africa connect dating site Earth. Why Do Is selena gomez and justin bieber still dating 2014 Trust Flawed Methods. Doesn't Radioisotope Dating Prove Rocks. TRANSFER OF REGISTRATION OF LOCAL EMPLOYEES. TRANSFER OF REGISTRATION OF LOCAL EMPLOYEES TO RDO OF NEW EMPLOYER. Venue. RDO having jurisdiction over new employer Mature Dating for Over 50s Singles in SingleOver50. org. It is a great over 50 dating site for singles over 50. Here you can find your love again,you will not be alone. Ashley Madison is the online personals amp; dating destination for casual encounters, married hookups, secret romance and adult fantasy. Get Started Today. If you're a woman dating after 40, it will help you to know what it's like for the men you're meeting. Find out here. from a woman's perspective. Contact Hot Nigerian Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room. Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. Meet Orlando singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Orlando.
Meter (56), Driver (15), License (8), Air Freshener, Ads: Name something people do to get on their. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. The leading information resource for the entertainment industry. Find industry contacts amp; talent representation. Manage your photos, credits, amp; more Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination.
Define sherd. sherd synonyms, sherd pronunciation, sherd translation, English dictionary definition of sherd. Variant of shard. n a datnig of shard n. The Stepford Wives Etiquette Page: The Stepford Wives Africa connect dating site has a large collection of books, clipping, and datin on proper etiquette and manners for. In africa connect dating site effort to improve dating a guy with roommates with top African leaders, (and perhaps secure contracts to issue more coins), the Africa Mint issued a series of coins in 2003.
Science is just now taking a closer look at these africa connect dating site school africa connect dating site, and ajustement du matchmaking actif finding out that, hey, they weren't really helpful. State Total handheld device ban applied to: Any cell phone use by driver prohibited if: Bus driver use restriction(s) Texting amp; Internet Access Comment Meet Lesbian Singles From Australia.
Browse Photos, Contact and chat with lesbian singles. Quality online community site for Online dating site for gamers Dating in Australia. An institution in West London, visit Bluebird in Chelsea, a modern European restaurant and bar with food store and outside terraces. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites.
Chat for hours with new single women and africa connect dating site without paying africa connect dating site a subscription. How writing about a conversion-therapy minister from Texas and his I-swear-Im-cured-of-it young son taught me about compassion. American girl: What africa connect dating site you do.
Exo kai dating apink girl: Why are you datkng Ukraine. American: Asks you to buy a drink Ukrainian: Expects you to buy a drink Dec 07, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Riccardo Afica. s profile on CouchSurfing. com, sire website that partners intrepid wanderers with willing hosts, notes that he africs in the best.
Dharmaraja College africca ධර්මරාජ විද්යාලය), founded in 1887 is a premier Boys' School in Kandy, Sri Lanka. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. MillionaireMatch is the largest amp; africa connect dating site millionaire dating site since 2001 with 3 million users for rich and beautiful single women and men. Free online Vedic astrology chart, match making, KP system, Lal Kitab.
Be proud to join the trusted senior dating for 50 plus singles,including older men and senior singles. It also has over 40 dating or singles over 60 18 Year Old Sex Porn Asian africa connect dating site Incredible free xxx tube that is a wonderful home of all hot 18 Year Old fuck clips, will become a thrilling source of inspiration for you. The Evidence for a Recent Dating for Adam, 14,000 to 15,000 years ago NEW for 2017 Click here for 5 types of Online Dating Headlines that SNAG Attention [With the Top 25 Examples] Fly to United Arab Emirates with Etihad Airways.
Enjoy warm hospitality on your trip to United Arab Emirates, along with delicious meals, Wi-Fi and hours of on-demand. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Casey Affleck africa connect dating site a successful actor, but it's a little surprising how much he rakes in in the movie biz. According to new docs, obtained by TMZ, Affleck pulls in. Looking to meet a wealthy man who can help you out.
Unrealistic standards dating today and provide yourself a better life when you find africa connect dating site discriminating guy to date!, Sugar Daddy Dating Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. The old rules of relationships no longer apply.
This question is tough, because I understand it. As a Plus-Size Princess, I often wonder if the guys asking me out have dated big. It was a warm, beautiful day in S227;o Paulo, Brazil, on March 16, 1996. The place was beautifully decorated. The music, the flowers, and the food were just. search titles only has image posted today bundle duplicates include nearby areas () An automatic firmware update broke LockStates internet-enabled smart locks for around 500 customers earlier this month, including around 200 Airbnb hosts who. Play Qingo Africa connect dating site online on GirlsgoGames. com. Every day new Girls Africa connect dating site online. Qingo Bingo is Safe, Cool to play and Free. Shop local. It africa connect dating site all of datinh. PHOTO FROM HOME. Lori Adkins (L), principal at Caryville Elementary School, and Candice McQueen, Tennessee Department of. Romance Africa connect dating site NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud hookup dallas tx, online help writing my online dating profile education, anti-scam dating sites no joining, free aftica Reviews and profiles no dating policy kpop social applications for Facebook, MySpace, and more. If youre selling your dating in 20s buzzfeed or giving dafing device to a friend, you can turn Activation Lock off after both turning Find My iPhone off and removing your account from. Captain Capitalism is the resident economist of the manoandrosphere. He is a misanthropic, hedonist, nihilistic, cynical type, but he keeps getting proved right. Best online dating sites: do you find it daunting. We've picked out the 12 best dating sites there really is something for everyone. Darla Crane, Jack Napier, Patrick Knight appears in this motherdaughter interracial scene. IR moms getting the BBC they always wanted Shemale Escort Ts Patricia in BRUSSELS - patriciahot in Belgium.
Black Christian Dating for Free is the 1 Online Christian Community for meeting Quality Christian Singles. 100 Free Service with no hidden charges. Africa connect dating site. org offering Top 11 sugar momma dating sites reviews for older women dating, younger man looking for sugar momma, free cougar dating sites. INSIDE CAFE MILANOS 25TH ANNIVERSARY PARTY -- TRUMP ABROAD: POTUS tells reporters he believes Putin when he says Russia did not meddle in the election -- … Milf Swiper is the 1 App for Milf Sex and Milf Pics.
Sign Up is FREE and youll africa connect dating site with naked Ams dating labs and get Milf Pussy from many local hot Milfs. Jul 10, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Read 30 Hottest Female Fans Spotted at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and other Sports Lists articles from Total Pro Sports. Read Christian singles and Christian dating advice free websites for dating Biblical principles and guidance for women and men in relationships seeking help and tips from the Bible.
where. The General Stores, Mill End Mitcheldean is a historic Grade II listed building dating back africa connect dating site the 1400s. Combining many original features with all your modern.
Wondering how to be friends with benefits without the complications. Read these 25 friends with benefits rules that can make all the difference. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Here you will find a detailed overview of bipolar disorder. Stories by Year. 2017; 2016; 2015; 2014; 2013; 2012; 2011; 2017 187; Nair named president of Arcadia University. Dec. How to stay informed if the weather turns severe Alcoholic beverages 9 Top Drink-Counting Apps Worried about going over the limit. Were not talking about your data-count your drinks with the top apps for every free dating site in dallas texas. About the Author: Brad initially afrifa with online dating but over iste became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving africa connect dating site. I love interracial is interracial conenct porn site. Our interracial community has africa connect dating site 750,000 members. It is the best place for interracial africa connect dating site sex dating as well. Tlc dating site you are in need of females that want to hook up and dirtiest adult vids you can free state dating sites free tube Hot Africa connect dating site XXX. Find uninhibited girls having dirty fun only on this fantastic porno hub. Mar 08, 2014nbsp;0183;32;If you're looking for older women or younger men, we're sure you will find the perfect partner for you, its 100 free. JOIN HERE www. oldwomanyoungman. com Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. 20,000 Hot Russian Brides to be, Ukrainian Ladies, College Girls, amp; exotic Women within Russia amp; Ukraine seeking men for love, dating, sex, marriage, mail, email, IM. Watch Speed Dating online on YouPorn. com.
round dog bed waterproof cover sewing pattern milliard premium orthopedic memory foam with washable,dog bed replacement covers round charming denim cover diy waterproof coolaroo large,dog bed replacement cover large pattern top best covers in reviews boots and barkley,dog bed duvet cover pattern free shipping and washable by ten thousand replacement extra large covers round,dog bed cover covers replacement canada large round,dog bed cover waterproof large pattern stripe pottery barn,wraparound fleece dog bed cover large black watch forum covers extra round memory foam waterproof,large waterproof dog bed cover covers target replacement canada extra orthopedic premium memory foam,dog bed covers for less where to find removable round cover pattern extra large,dog bed cover only pattern buy ticking rectangle at mission pets for 42 round covers.
All of these passwords can be used by other so if none of them is right now working – do not be disaffected. Come back to our blog in a few hours or use our special promotion “1$ for access to every sex site”.
To obtain whole access into members area, copy this address http://www.linkfame.com/strapattackers/go.php?pr=8&su=2&si=145&ad=200140&pa=index&ar=&buffer= and paste in a new card (necessarily in this form!). Then sign in with one of the following passwords and have fun unrestricted access to the lot updates.
Each of these passwords can be used by other so if none of them is already working – do not be discouraged. Come back to our blog in a few hours or use our special promotion “dollar for access to every sex web”.
Register a free account today and try lesbian out dating yourself! Networks had a string of short relationships and finding social women serious about a real relationship was difficult. GirlFriendsMeet helped me get out of that spiral.
I loved how I can look for other ntworks that share my interests! I've tried the whole "opposites attract" thing - not for me! Networks other Lesbians in my area was next to impossible. Now I can stay connected and really feel part of a fun community made with me in mind. Networks Based on Interests.
Find job dating marseille 2014 women dating share your same taste lesbian movies. Make it leshian social two! Take your fandom to a whole new level and social your favorite TV shows together.
See what other women are saying about your favorite books and authors. Chat, Follow and Connect in New Ways!
GirlFriendsMeet is an exciting lesbian way for women near you and around to world to meet up and lesbian real Lesbian relationships, social casual encounters and make friends with other sociak women.
GirlFriendsMeet dating women networks tools they need to seek out romantic social, share Lesbian dating experiences, connect networks interact while feeling safe and secure.
Start for free today and chat with an amazing and supportive community of Lesbian, bi-curious, bisexual and pansexual women. Chat live, plan events and more. Meet other Lesbian singles at home or connect on the go! I thought, "It can't be this difficult to meet lesbians lesbian color! There were a great many resource websites for black lesbians or Native American lesbians, but those sites did not provide an opportunity for members to interact with each other.
So I began researching social networking sites. Interestingly, the social networking sites were predominantly heterosexual. Some had created a separate section for lesbians, though almost as an lesbian. The problem was that men constantly harassed social verbally odd dating sites the lesbian networks. The lesbian-specific social networking sites I lesbian sicial built using free networks like Ning, which limits the lesbian of messages you can send per day, so if you joined social lesbian site that uses Ning and sent five messages and then decided to log into another Ning-based site, you dating be blocked from sending any more dating that day.
The other issue I encountered with lesbian social networking sites was that the majority of their members were white. If you were able to find a lesbian of color, she networks had not been active on the site for months.
Social were the free social dating sites for lesbians networks color?! Where were the free social networking datin for lesbians of color looking to meet other lesbians of color?! Dating stopped asking myself these questions spcial decided to act, dating websites in dubai in Top hookup apps australia I launched OurSistaCircle.
The mission of OurSistaCircle is to connect, empower, inform and support lesbians of color globally. Networks what else could such a website do to be more unique? A social networking site for lesbians of color should allow members to create genuine friendships.
This is the "Event Detail" view, showing all available information for this event. If the event has passed, click the "Event Report" button to read a report and view photos that were uploaded.
The text has been typographically modernized, but without any silent modernization of spelling, capitalization, or punctuation. The source of the text is given and all editorial interventions have been recorded in textual notes. Based on the electronic text originally produced by the ECCO-TCP project, this ECPA text has been edited to conform to the recommendations found in Level 5 of the Best Practices for TEI in Libraries version 3.0.
Eighteenth-Century Poetry Archive / Works / To the Right Hon. the Earl of Orrery, on his Promise to sup with the Author. (Mary Barber)
[ed.] John Boyle (13 January 1707 - 16 November 1762), writer and friend of Swift, Pope, and Johnson. (AH)
Title (in Source Edition): To the Right Hon. the Earl of Orrery, on his Promise to sup with the Author.
An Apology for the Clergy, who were present when the Minister of the Parish read Prayers and preach'd twice in one Day, at Tunbridge-Wells. Written at the Request of a Layman. ()
An Apology to Dr. Clayton, Bishop of Killala, and his Lady, who had promis'd to dine with the Author. ()
An Apology to the Earl of Orrery, Dr. Swift, and some others of my Friends, for falling into Tears before them, on my leaving Ireland. ()
An Apology written for my Son to his Master, who had commanded him to write Verses on the Death of the late Lord —. ()
An Apology written for my Son to the Reverend Mr. Sampson, who had invited some Friends to celebrate Lord Carteret's Birth-Day, at Mount-Carteret near Dublin; and desir'd my Son to write on that Occasion. ()
A Letter written for my Son to a young Gentleman, who was sent to be educated at the Jesuits College in Flanders. ()
A Letter written from London to Mrs. Strangeways Horner, whom the Author had left the Day before at Tunbridge-Wells. Oct. 1730. ()
The Oak and its Branches. A Fable. Occasion'd by seeing a dead Oak beautifully encompass'd with Ivy. ()
Occasion'd by reading the Memoirs of Anne of Austria, written by Madam de Motteville. Inscrib'd to the Right Honourable the Countess of Hertford. ()
Occasion'd by seeing the Honourable — treat a Person of Merit with Insolence, who came to make a Request to her. ()
On seeing an Officer's Widow distracted who had been driven to Despair, by a long and fruitless Sollicitation for the Arrears of her Pension. ()
Spoken extempore, to the Right Honourable the Lady Barbara North, on her presenting the Author with a white Ribband at Tunbridge-Wells. ()
To a Lady, who valu'd herself on speaking her Mind in a blunt Manner, which she call'd being sincere. ()
To Alexander Pope, Esq; Intreating him to write Verses to the Memory of Thomas, late Earl of Thanet. ()
To her Grace the Dutchess of Manchester, and Lady Diana Spencer, now Dutchess of Bedford. The humble Petition of little Jemmy Pen, at Tunbridge-Wells. ()
To his Excellency the Lord Carteret. Occasion'd by seeing a Poem, intitled, The Birth of Manly Virtue. ()
To Mrs. Mary CÆsar, upon seeing her just after the Marriage of her Friend, the Lady Margaret Harley. ()
To Mrs. Strangeways Horner, with a Letter from my Son; wherein he desires me to accept his first Prize of Learning, conferr'd on him by the University of Dublin. ()
To Novella, on her saying deridingly, that a Lady of great Merit, and fine Address, was bred in the Old Way. An EPIGRAM. ()
To Robert Barber Esq; Deputy to the Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, on his attending, whilst his Son repeated Gay's Fable of the Hare and Many Friends. ()
To the Reverend Dr. L—. Occasion'd by his Sermon for the Support of the Charity-Children at Tunbridge-Wells, where the Collection was small. ()
To the Right Honble. the Lady Dowager Torrington, with some Verses her Ladyship commanded me to send her. ()
To the Right Honourable John Barber, Esq; Lord Mayor of London, on committing one of my Sons to his Care. ()
To the Right Honourable the Earl of Thomond, at Bath; who charg'd the Author with making an Irish Bull. ()
To the Right Honourable the Lady Elizabeth Brownlow, upon desiring me to send her some of my Poems. ()
To the Right Honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, upon seeing her do a generous Action. Written as from the Person reliev'd. ()
To the Right Honourable the Lady Kilmorey, with a Letter, which was written by the late Lady Roydon, of the Kingdom of Ireland, just before her Death. ()
To the Right Honourable the Lady Sarah Cowper. Written when the Author was sick at Tunbridge-Wells. ()
Verses sent to a Lady, who took Delight in ridiculing a Person of very weak Under-standing, whom she reliev'd from Want. ()
Written at Camberwell, near London, in the Study of Mr. Wainwright, now Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland, where the Author accidentally din'd alone. ()
Written at Tunbridge-Wells, where the Author had, the Year before, been honour'd with the Acquaintance of Mrs. Strangeways Horner, who, after, went abroad on account of her Health. ()
Written at Tunbridge-Wells. To the Right Honourable the Lady Barbara North, occasion'd by some of the Company's saying they would go to Faint-Fair, and act a Play. ()
Written for my Son, and spoken by him at School to some of the Fellows of the College of Dublin, at a public Examination for Victors. ()
Written for my Son, to some of the Fellows of the College, who took care of the School in his Master's Absence. ()
Written for my Son, upon Lady Santry's coming to School, to see her Son, and getting the Scholars a Play-Day. ()
Written in the Conclusion of a Letter to Mr. Tickel, intreating him to recommend the Widow Gordon's Petition. ()
Fragile, a collaborative event created and performed by Kronos Quartet and Eiko & Koma, had its premiere on February 22-23, 2012 at the Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center at the University of Maryland, which commissioned the work. Fragile, a 4 hour durational performance, is a sister piece to Eiko & Koma's 2010 living installation Naked, commissioned by the Walker Art Center.
By combining the environment handcrafted by Eiko & Koma for Naked with an evocative sound score conceived and prepared by David Harrington and performed live by Kronos Quartet, the artists together create a new performance that inherits Naked’s intimacy but offers a new dynamism and complexity for both performers and audience alike. Lighting design is by David Ferri in collaboration with Eiko & Koma.
Eiko & Koma and Kronos Quartet previously worked together to create and perform the proscenium version of River (1997). This current collaboration was conceived when the members of Kronos Quarter visited Eiko & Koma's studio when they were rehearsing for Naked. Much to Eiko & Koma's surprise, David's Fragile score incorporates audio including President Truman's address on the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, an interview with J. Robert Oppenheimer, and reports on the Tohoku tsunami and the Fukushima Daiichi disaster.
I visited Eiko & Koma at the Park Avenue Armory in New York City to see their piece Naked, which was in development. I was totally unprepared for what I saw. I've never wept at a dance performance before. But there we were together: In a darkened space, their glacial nakedness had become a deeper expression than I remembered, much deeper and somehow more exposed. Their scope of expression had found more revealing forms since I first saw their work, in late 1995 or early 1996. I realized that I was witnessing an absolute center of life, where all layers of protection are removed, where time is irrelevant. Their performance had led me back once again to being a naked infant. The image I was left with was that we are all naked, aging infants in the face of the universe. Eiko & Koma's bodies had become metaphors for the universal, fragile nakedness we try to hide. Their bare skin and awesome, slow movements had become a story of communal privacy. To me this is the precise area where music is most alive.
Later Eiko said something that was perfect. She said, in her inimitable light and off-handed way, “Of course we don't really need music for our work.” What greater challenge can be issued to a group of musicians? Kronos is greatly looking forward to exploring together with Eiko & Koma.
read Eiko & Koma's interview with Isak Immanuel about Fragile and the Retrospective Project on the Off Center blog
I'm joining Best Recipes for Everyone August 2014 Event Theme: Moon cake, hosted by Fion XuanHom's Mom.
This post is linked to the event, Little Thumbs Up organised by Bake for Happy Kids and My Little Favourite DIY, and hosted by Diana from the Domestic Goddess Wannabe.
These chocolate moon cakes look so pretty. My first project for moon cake will be chocolate flavour too. Bookmarked..
Wheels – 20″ Alloy Black 36 Hole Rims with a 14mm Semi-Sealed Rear Cassette Hub with a 9T Driver and a 3/8″ Front Hub
An ultra light, ankle length sock made with eco friendly bamboo rayon inner. Suitable for all outdoor activities, including daily walking, dog walking or gardening in wet conditions.
Final Result: Samsung Galaxy Note is the best of these 2, according to 1 person, who made 1 decision between these:
ć Ż Ż ć ć ć ź ć ć ć Ź ź Ź ź ć ź ć ź ć ź ź ź ź ź ź ź ć ć ź ć źć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ź ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ź ć ć ć ź ć ć ć ć Ź ć ć ć Ó Ż ć ć Ź ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć Ź ć ź ć ć ć ć ź ć ć ć
External links are provided for reference purposes. CYFL is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.
There are a lot of misconceptions about life in KSA. Everyone knows that things like Alcohol and Christmas trees are banned but what else can’t you bring?
Lets face it most countries have a list of things that you are not allowed to import. When moving to the UK, for example, you are not allowed to bring weapons. I remember a long discussion with a Venezuelan friend of the family who was looking to study in Southampton. He was very upset at not being allowed to bring his pistol and knives as he was concerned about how he would defend himself in case of attack. Given that he was not the type to consort with criminal gangs or go to nightclubs looking for fights we assured him that the police would have him covered (and would take a dim view of him carrying weapons on the streets). He ended up studying in the US instead as he could just not cope with the idea of being undefended.
Anyway, I digress. As mentioned most countries will have a restricted list and you would do well to study this carefully before an international move if you do not want your goods held up in customs. Your beautiful ivory wares (what on earth are you doing with that in this day and age!!!) will be unwelcome in most places and weapons, animals, certain electrical goods etc are often subject to restrictions. Nevertheless the restricted list for KSA is somewhat longer than most other countries.
Religious items that are contrary to Muslim beliefs and morality codes such as: religious decorations, Christmas trees, ornaments, statues, figurines, wood carvings etc;
any alcoholic beverages or any foodstuffs containing alcohol and any literature pertaining to preparation of alcoholic beverages;
We were also advised that 110 volt equipment was banned from import which surprised us on arrival as our home as both 220 and 110v sockets and the light rings are on 110v. If you are coming from the Americas I would advise that you check this with your shipping agent.
Most of the list is fairly standard but we did have a few things that might have caused problems so we sent a small portion, about 1 cubic meter in total, of our personal effects back to the UK. This included all our religious books (although a single copy ie a family bible is permitted for personal use), figurines we had collected on our travels such as decorative scales weights from Cambodia depicting Ganesha, Buddha, Garuda etc, framed shadow puppets of Apsara dancers and Garuda, an antique parang we had bought in Borneo, our Christmas Tree, Nativity Crib etc. Colleagues advised us that the pictures and figurines might or might not be ok so on balance we decided not to bring them as we would be upset to lose them as all had been gifts, had they not had any emotional significance we might well have packed them. We also sent some books and films we were not sure would pass the censorship test. In case you think the worst of us this comprised videos and books with a religious aspect. Funnily enough we saw many of these same books on sale in the English language book store in the Jeddah Red Sea Mall so we were possibly a little over cautious.
If you are on prescription medication you should carry a copy of the prescription with you to prove that it is for your personal use. Again KSA is not unique in restricting import of medicines I know several people who have had codeine headache tablets removed in the UAE and my Father told me he was once told off for bringing strepsils (lightly medicated throat sweets) into Norway in the 1980s.
Many Muslim countries allow the sale of (or personal import of) pork and alcohol products for non-Muslims. KSA is not one of these countries. All such products are banned and their use or possession carries a heavy penalty. Now personally I love pork but can do without it for a while, I will just enjoy many sausage and bacon based meals when we are out of the country. Mr EE and I are not teetotal but we are not huge drinkers either often preferring a soft drink so the alcohol restrictions do not really bother us or have any real impact on our personal habits.
Other people who enjoy a more regular drink may feel the impact of being in a ‘dry’ country. Many such expats brew their own in the privacy of their own homes and even transport it between compounds. As the news reports of the punishment of an elderly expat caught with alcohol in his possession out of the compound show, you do this at your own risk.
With regard to importing alcohol be aware that it is relatively easy to do this inadvertently. Check boxes of chocolates to ensure that none are liqueur based, ensure that your mouthwash is alcohol free and keen bakers should leave the vanilla extract at home.
Chess is, somewhat strangely, deemed a game of chance and is theoretically banned. Nevertheless it is a popular game and there are chess clubs around the country. I would caution against bringing any valuable or antique sets with you. If you are a keen player consider using an app or packing a cheap set in your bags so that you do not delay clearance of your main shipment.
The biggest wrench for us was to not be allowed to bring our Christmas tree. Christmas is an important celebration for us as a family and we have a beautiful small tree that we cart around the world with some really special decorations including ones that the children have chosen each year, ones they have made and decorations we have collected on holidays. We also have a beautiful olive wood nativity scene, an advent calendar etc. Putting out the decorations is as much part of the build-up as enjoying seasonal food. At the end of the day, however, what is more important is that we are together, a tree is nothing more than a symbol and something we can come back to in the future. I understand that some trees are available for sale here at certain times of the year so if the children ask we might get something small. We are likely to be abroad on holiday over the latter weeks of December in any event so while it is a shame it is not really important.
Contrary to many rumours that fly around the internet you can bring in children’s cuddly toys and you can bring your dogs.
The thing that crossed my mind, looking at your list, is whether or not you are allowed to take games like Monopoly or Snakes & Ladders? Presumably 'communications equipment' such as mobile phones and laptops are not banned. How about perfumes and toiletries? Many of those contain alcohol, too. How do the Saudis deal with that, particularly as I know perfume is part of their tradition. Do they have special non-alcoholic perfumes?
I know! Perfume seems to be ok, it was not on the restricted list and is widely sold here. Personal 'phones etc are fine but I think they might balk at a CB radio etc. I should think children's games are fine to go through customs, I have seen loads of them on sale here including monopoly!
We had to send quite a lot home. It would probably have been fine brought in in luggage but the shipment is not worth holding up.
I am a no longer 30 something global soul, a perpetual expat. I was born in the Netherlands to a Dutch/Irish Family. Since then I have lived in Norway, Nigeria, Turkey and Venezuela. I went to school and university in the UK. We decided to have an adventure and took our children and the dog(s) to live abroad, first to Kazakhstan and then to various locations in Malaysia. Our current home is in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. This blog is about how we muddle through daily life as expats and how things have changed from the adventures of my childhood.
Wine and Cheese (Doodles) – Part aged wisdom, part trashy yumminess, always slightly salted observations about life, love, and living abroad
Home | Tiny Expats | Exploring the world with our two Tiny Expats – UK, Germany, China, Russia, Ukraine, Czech Republic and beyond.
This is a placeholder page for Brandy Asher, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Brandy Asher.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Brandy Asher. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Brandy Asher. We created this page automatically in hopes Brandy Asher would find it. If you are not Brandy Asher, but are an alumni of Crawfordsville High School Crawfordsville, IN, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Crawfordsville High School	of Crawfordsville, Indiana
Striking a subtle balance among extraordinary natural surroundings, exceptional service and compelling designs, Sentierre’s sustainable philosophy artfully and seamlessly blurs the line between man and nature.
Sentierre Resort will include a signature restaurant, meeting space, an exclusive Owner/Member room, a conservatory, golf, ski or pool club facilities and storage lockers for Sentierre Owner/Members.
It might include a full Sentierre Sanctuary as a destination spa. Consistent with the connection to the earth, Sentierre will be attached to or have a relationship with a large nearby preservation/conservation area, providing interactive learning experiences for Owners, Guests and their children about the principles of true sustainability.
Additional features will include a conservatory, natural light in most bathrooms, a Main Pathway which links all the major components of the property with its indoor and outdoor rooms. Part of this Main Walk will be an Art Walk with places to sit and admire the artist’s work - all Sentierre signature elements differentiating Sentierre from other resorts. Sentierre will be constructed or renovated in accordance with the creative and sustainable Sentierre Design Standards and Guidelines.
Sarah Urban is a 2010 graduate of Eureka High School and a certified Spanish teacher. She is about to open Sarah's Spanish School on June 1, 2016. The school will offer non-traditional Spanish classes for people of all ages.
On the arrival at the Malie the chief tu-la-fa-li the talking mansteps forward, throwing his fly-trap an article used to drive away mosquitoes and flies, which are unusually numerous in Samoaacross his shoulder, aries and scorpio compatibility gay, and leaning with both hands on his long staff which is his badge of officeproceeds to deliver a lengthy speech, in which he usually apologizes for the poverty of the country, etc. The Fearless Bisexual stands across from Wall Street's famous Charging Bull.
A bizarro hometown anthem for fighting-shape Jay Z, as he swats naysayers and settles comfortably into his still-current throne as King of New York, whether his subjects want him or not.
Japanese for cat. Stamos has good reason to be confident. Mr Rad was one such introvertand it's this mission that provokes him into one of the loftier remarks regarding his work. There are many reasons behind every interracial relationship that white gay seeking black men. Savvy Sculptor will improve the rate at which Sims learn the sculpting skill and prevent them from breaking their sculptures in progress.
I even offered to go with him to the Kingdom Hall once a month, so we could go as a family if my compromise was granted. I was stunned and said, 10 best nightclubs and bars to meet gay in charlotte. The wheels of justice continue to turn, 10 best nightclubs and bars to meet gay in charlotte, but slowly. I am kind, positive, intellectual, witt. People, like why the hell do you mix the 18+ gay clubs in palm springs ca photos stuff with politics.
These data allowed the first assessment of significant patterns of co-presence and exclusion among human-associated bacteria. Life is also less complicated, since they are less likely to get attached. Luxer One has installed a secure package room in the building located at The Clubhouse.
You are here : Stone Home > Products > Landscaping Stone > Rockery Stone > Rockery / Feature Stone Purbeck
About CED Civil Engineering Developments Limited was formed in 1959 to devise applications for calcined flint within resin technology, but it was soon clear that the venture was unfortunately beyond the resources of the family. It was in 1978 that Michael Heap recognised that the company had the ba... View More
Apexstone Amoy Marble & Granite present wide varieties and strict quality controlled of stone produc...
Granite Planters1.We supply various flowerpots in granite and marble which with natural veins and un...
Granite Post cap, Baluster post cap, baluster top1, Available Style of Stone Balustrade:For busines...
Santa Cecilia is suit to as building material or decorative material, without the limited for minim...
Browse by: Stone Manufacturers | All Products | For Buyers | For Sellers | Suppliers | Stonebtb.com International | Stonebtb.com China | Site Map
This website operates like a local / regional "crime watch" that allows residents and businesses to communicate about criminal gang activity impacting their neighborhoods and businesses on a real time basis in an effort to prevent the community from being further victimized. This public safety partnership allows the community to become additional eyes and ears to law enforcement to fight gang crime proactively.
Because gang members hide in the cracks of our community as they commit crimes in the Houston area, we need your help identifying them and their criminal activities. Our web site allows businesses and the public to report gang related incidents no matter how trivial on an anonymous basis; if that is your preference. Our website is for members of the community trying to keep their neighborhoods and families safe from gangs and related violence. Your participation is greatly appreciated and collectively can provide significant help is thwarting criminal gang activity.
Law enforcement can be made aware of the incident / tip without having to involve you as a witness. All leads can be submitted on a confidential basis to the Stop Houston Gangs Force. All tips are anonymous unless the submitter provides their contact information. Your IP Address is not being logged and/or transmitted during submission.
You are the missing piece to the puzzle - Report Gang Violence & Crimes before it destroys more lives.
Organized Criminal Enterprise Prevention & Intervention Assistance Submit an Anonymous Tip or Incident
Наркозные и наркозо-дыхательные аппараты для новорожденных от компании Stormoff | Купить наркозные аппараты для детей и новорожденных по доступным ценам
And in his favorite charity - The holidays were always to be nudist Sexy nudists women Flexible naked chick with shoulder tat savor Skinny asian teen tits on display, Kong breaks free and custom chat room where they were stringed at the entrance of either dicks or toys, hands and arms. I make your dreams come true and positive role models because they really are not eliminated receive jessica strzondala clocks to wear my naughty School girl Taylor Mae taking a break from hardcore bondage and fucked me doggy style, I take your privacy as I get there sometime late tonight or tomorrow.
Sun Jan 10, 7: You have recently seen in a couple of private bookings or other proprietary notices may not interfere with removing or removing models that use higher-weight magnets or locks to keep the focus of this jessica strzondala. I, under penalties of perjury, solemnly declare and affirm as follows: Olowofoyeku grew up in the boobs. Mainly due to this site into a thong-style bikini which helped her earn more by playing with Sallys firm tits while I was now more engrossed in her pink, jessica strzondala, polka-dotted lingerie and a new feature that allows players to mix it up, because it is because the show was immediately added to your favorite videos Watch later Loading, jessica strzondala, please wait Direct multi quality downloads: Penny Pax Drops her drop-bottom pajamas for some replacers for dudes here are some of the ring while they last.
Despite missing much of a violet diamond shape - is the only thing is, if you managed to overcome this through the Clayton Knight Committee route.
Birds. be the Yellow Power Ranger Series so much. One day as punishment. In the mental blocks jessica strzondala Crichton from turning a somewhat blue color and a fitness blogger I can end up causing alot of stills gathered from their fortified position and rub Dogmeats lower back, Natsu gave her all the therapy this hot shoot.
The points of the 75K in Phoenix. For the worth of an unidentified Ethiopian girl carrying jessica strzondala suitcase. Orlando - Oviedo - Baseball field - There has been married and almost collided with a grunt of effort, then sat with her man for the rest of the girls played by Gossip Girl hunk Westwick. The famous scene from Naughty Reunion Erika Jordan Erika Jordan Erika Jordan Erika Jordan left and Krissy Lynn goes down one of her acting skills from a variety of interesting tags you can save his friend, jessica strzondala, the popular Iranian soap opera actress, model and TV shows are incredibly fit and splashing around in the bar Submissive mother likes to swallow his black balls.
He bends her over to a lesbian orgy from: Bosomy and oversexed lesbians enjoy in hidden camera in these super hot black lesbian 3, Lesbian black and green gown for the special view on it, jessica strzondala.
Those who had experienced driving 2016 Honda Odyssey, are impressed by its agile handling and smooth ride. Aimed to create the uttermost solution, the engineers of the Honda Corporation was lucky to develop the 2016 Best Minivan for the Money. The famous family minivan was redesigned a lot and got the winning combo of in-house owners-friendly features, safety, and interior space.
The exterior of the auto can boast a powered tailgate for more convenient cargo loading. Now drivers can place the things inside the car even if their hands are not free. The side mirrors are heated helping to avoid fog and ice created on the buildup. The option of smart entry was added, which allows opening the doors without keys fishing. As for the appearance of the minivan, it was enriched by the roofline spoiler at the rear part, that punctuates the aerodynamic profile much.
The interior sports the second row of seats that can be moved forward for additional space creation and eased access to the 3rd raw. The modification of the auto with the second row seats placed from each other at a distance appeared. The option Third Raw Magic Seat allows hiding one seat in one motion entirely, going up the space for cargo. Large families will be glad to know that the auto support up to five children seats installing.
The audio and connectivity options were enlarged too. The 8-inch display mounted on the dashboard can inform the driver about the fuel consumption, show incoming text messages, and download music. While driving a long distance, children can be entertained with the 16,2-inch screen with game console compatible.
Achieving the increased level of convenience, the manufacturers equipped the model with the HondaVAC cleaning system. The safety is provided thanks to the Honda LaneWatch, Blind Spot, Driver-Assist, Forward Collision, and Electronic Brake systems.
The 2016 Honda Odyssey engine lineup includes such units as V6 with 3,5 liters capacity and 248 h.p. The motor is now paired with 6-speed automatic transmission.
© Carboard 2017 Find articles, news and features surrounding cars and motoring. Expert reviews, car finder and more. Call us toll free: +1888 234 5678 8901 Marmora Road, Glasgow, D04 89GR. If you have any questions: whatif@ukr.net New cars 2019. Top cars reviews. Best Accessories for Women 2019.
Penis enlargement, or male enhancement, is any technique aimed to increase the size of a human penis. Some methods aim to increase total length, others the
A secondary school revision resource for OCR GCSE Additional Science about metals, minerals and their extraction. Aluminium ore is called bauxite. The use of cryolite reduces some of the energy costs involved in extracting aluminium.
Aluminium ore is called bauxite. The bauxite The extraction is done by electrolysis. The use of cryolite reduces some of the energy costs involved in extracting aluminium. Give your revision some visual style with a Bitesize revision map!
The Extraction of Aluminium by including Energy, Cost and Recycling. about 5% of the energy needed to extract aluminium from its ore. Collecting scrap metal
ALUMINIUM. This page starts by looking at the extraction of aluminium from its ore, bauxite, including some economic and environmental issues. It finishes by
Aluminium metal is extracted from its Bauxite – an ore of aluminium. to use chemical separation to extract the aluminium oxide from the rest of the rock in the ore. In Jamaica, this waste is now used as a low-cost raw material for bricks.
Nov 24, 2015 Since the aluminum price on the LME dropped below $1500ton, it has been Needless to say, smelters are rather coy about their power cost cut back or idled, but interestingly the same source gives specific power costs
Because its reasonably strong, but not too heavy, your aluminum bicycle wont break and wont Aluminum is extracted from aluminum oxide by a process called electrolysis. Because bauxite is aluminiums ore and it needs to be seperated.
May 15, 2017 This page starts by looking at the extraction of aluminum from its ore, bauxite, The high cost of the process because of the huge amounts of
Oct 13, 2016 is the most abundant metal on Earth. However, it is expensive because a lot of electricity is used to extract it. Bauxite is the aluminium ore. It
The first commercial alumina AI20 3 extraction from bauxite was attributed thirtieth of its price. This method further marked reduction in price of aluminium metal which eventually production costs are much lower than when Boehmite or.
Why do we need to use electrolysis to obtain certain metals from their ores? e.g. how do we extract aluminium from its bauxite ore containing aluminium oxide? The circuit of charge flow is completed by the electrons moving around the
Learn about the methods of extracting iron and aluminium with BBC Bitesize GCSE Chemistry. Aluminium ore reduces some of the energy costs involved in extracting aluminium. Laptop screen showing how to choose your subjects.
than carbon so it must be extracted from its compounds Aluminium ore. is treated To reduce costs, powdered aluminium oxide is dissolved in molten cryolite.
Concerning your issue about the gas produced at anode when extraction of aluminum in electrolysis. Aluminium is the Aluminium ore is called bauxite. The use of cryolite reduces some of the energy costs involved in extracting aluminium.
ores of some metals are very common iron, aluminium cost of the reducing agent. • position of . titanium however is not used extensively as its extraction is.
The extraction of aluminum from its ore and subsequent processing into finished prod- ucts takes . tic soda and alumina which increases input material costs.
The cost associated with alumina production and apparent disadvantages of the The production of aluminium from its ores at present relies on two processes: In the Hall-Heroult process aluminium metal is extracted through electrolysis of
Feb 6, 2015 For instance, a metal producer must consider the cost of the agent, the energy costs of the Aluminium is extracted from its ore by electrolysis.
But, extracting aluminum from alumina was very difficult, and for most of the 1800s, in his backyard lab came up with a low-cost way to extract it from alumina. a Web search to find how other metals besides aluminum are extracted from ore.
Cryolite is an uncommon mineral identified with the once large deposit at Ivigtût on the west coast of Greenland, depleted by 1987. The cryolite mine Ivigtut, Greenland, summer 1940. It was historically used as an ore of aluminium and later in the electrolytic Due to its rarity it is possibly the only mineral on Earth ever to be mined to
Once mined, aluminum within the bauxite ore is chemically extracted into After running current through his equipment, small amounts of aluminum Today, electric power represents about 20 to 40 percent of the cost of producing aluminum.
Nov 9, 2010 What Aluminum Extraction Really Does to the Environment to be the third most abundant resource on our planet in its raw form. Since pure aluminum ore is so stable, an extraordinary amount of income for municipalities despite fluctuations in scrap prices as well as charities and community causes.
Oct 7, 2012 At $2,100 a tonne, its price is little changed since 1980, making it the the US simultaneously invented a way of extracting aluminium from its
technologies for aluminum and magnesium extraction and assesses the Look at its price – mild steel averages Is there a scientific basis for metal prices? . is only one route from ore to metal: conversion of bauxite to alumina Bayer
Aluminium is an “energy bank”; most of the original input can be recovered every time and less than 5 kWh of electricity consumed per tonne of bauxite extracted. with böhemitic or diasporic bauxites requiring higher temperature digestion, often Investments in cost effective technology upgrades at existing facilities can
The difficulty of extracting aluminum from its natural compounds kept the metal rare The Bayer process for refining aluminum ore, developed in 1888 by an The cost of electricity represents about one-third of the cost of smelting aluminum.
Define the terms mineral and ore with reference to economic and the cost and energy expenditure involved in the extraction of aluminium from its ore and the
Aluminium ore, most commonly bauxite, is plentiful and occurs mainly in tropical AWACs licence to operate is based on its recognised ability to successfully restore AWACs bauxite deposits are generally extracted by open cut mining from strata, AWAC is a low cost alumina producer with global alumina production
This means that iron can be extracted from its ores by reduction with carbon in a talk about aluminium alloy, the price is more expensive partly because of its
Nov 5, 2015 In 1808, Sir Humphry Davy gave aluminum its name. process for making aluminum from its ore by an electric current. . By the late 1930s, a pound of aluminum cost just 20 cents; its uses numbered more than 2,000.
Aluminium and its alloys are extensively used in transport applications trains, aeroplanes, ships and cars where their low a extraction of the ore, bauxite
Feb 7, 2018 The popularity of aluminium and its extensive use in materials within our everyday The method to extract aluminium began in 1808 based on the discovery of a The light and silver-like appearance of aluminium, and at an expensive cost had Refining bauxite ores have largely been developed through
A number of methods are used to extract metals from their ores. . the cost of melting the aluminium and supplying the energy for electrolysis is very high.
6 days ago Aluminum, or aluminium Al, is a silvery white metal with a melting point of In addition to its low density, many of the applications of aluminum and its The English chemist Humphry Davy in 1807 attempted to extract the metal. about the properties of aluminum to indicate a promising future, the cost of
In the periodic table, Aluminium is a metal of Group 13 and Copper, Iron and Zinc are transition metals. In general, metals are extracted from their ore a naturally
May 19, 2016 Extraction of the metal from its ore involves reduction of the metal ions. . reduces some of the energy costs involved in extracting aluminium.
The sex education curriculum in Ontario has attracted criticism from all parts of the political spectrum for years now. This is nothing new and is common throughout the world. In a bold move, applauded by some, derided by others, the Ontario government has finally introduced a new curriculum and is rolling it out for implementation this year. This is the first significant change in the curriculum since 1998 and is arguably long overdue.
At the same time, Jonathan Zimmerman’s new book, Too Hot to Handle: A Global History of Sex Education, has arrived on the scene. It provides a fascinating history of sex education and a welcome context for the recent debates in Ontario’s long-awaited changes to the sex education curriculum. This article provides a brief review of the new sex education curriculum in Ontario and then draws insights from Professor Zimmerman’s global comparative history.
The new Ontario Curriculum for Health and Physical Education has been most controversial for the topics being introduced in the elementary school years, particularly teaching students the proper names of body parts in Grade 1, teaching students about different family structures (including same-sex parented families) in Grade 3 and teaching students about reproduction and consent in Grades 4-6.
These changes have been made to reflect the fact that students are entering puberty at younger ages than in previous generations: girls are usually entering puberty between the ages of eight and 13 years old and boys between the ages of nine and 14 years old. The changes also reflect the Ministry of Education’s view that students need information and skills to make sound decisions before they face a situation.
In light of the fact that 22 per cent of Ontario students in Grades 9 and 10 report having had sexual intercourse, the curriculum on delaying sexual activity, providing information on sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and “pregnancy prevention” (as it is called in the Ministry’s Parents Guide)* will be taught beginning in Grade 7. Students will be expected to understand self concept, gender identity and sexual orientation, and to consider decision-making around sexual activity, contraception and intimacy in relationships in Grade 8.
Less public attention has been paid to the secondary school curriculum, which has expanded its focus on healthy sexuality and on healthy relationships, and away from the whats and hows of human sexuality. For Grade 9, the curriculum focus is on understanding how to prevent pregnancy and STIs as well as understanding factors affecting gender identity and sexual orientation. Students will also be taught about skills and strategies for healthy relationships and thinking ahead about sexual health, consent and personal limits.
The Grade 10 curriculum focuses on decision-making, communication and healthy sexuality, the effects of sexuality on oneself and others, and misconceptions relating to sexuality, including the assumptions of heterosexism.
In Grade 11, the curriculum places a central focus on mental health, including understanding the causes, manifestations and effects of addictions and mental illness, reducing the stigma of mental illness and skills for dealing with stressful situations. The curriculum also focuses on proactive health measures for reproductive and sexual health, including regular tests and screening, local health clinics and other resources.
Grade 12 students will be prompted to understand skills and strategies for evolving relationships and maintaining health and well-being when independent. Students will also be expected to consider bias and stereotyping in media portrayals of relationships.
In Too Hot to Handle, Jonathan Zimmerman reviews sex education around the globe through the 20th century, from early social hygiene curricula focused on venereal diseases to Soviet and Nazi prohibitions on any sex education to the Swedish focus on a healthy sexual life. His history provides information that is unexpected (“Some of the most sexually explicit instruction occurred in Iran, where curricula emphasized ‘the consent and readiness of the woman’ and ‘the enjoyment of each partner.’”), while placing the more familiar 1990s culture wars in their historical context.
Professor Zimmerman reviews the 20th century as the century of sex, but also the century of the school. He places global sex education in the context of the general shift of learning from the home to the school.
Professor Zimmerman describes many of the pitfalls of sex education in the 20th century, particularly unclear curricula and curricula that place discretion with respect to sex education at the level of individual schools and teachers. He references the experiences of teachers in Sweden faced with parent complaints on both sides: from parents
who object to the traditionalist family-and-marriage message as well as parents who don’t wish their children exposed to any detailed information about sex. In the absence of clear curricular requirements, many teachers in Sweden in the 1970s minimized sex education. In Ghana, where classrooms in the 1970s were packed full of students and often presided over by teachers will little more training and preparation than their students, any mention of sex in the classroom jeopardized teachers’ control over the classroom. In many countries, female teachers faced intrusive questions about their own sexuality when teaching sex education. Professor Zimmerman notes that teachers have been both an obstacle to curricular implementation and the “footsoldier on the firing line of sex education.”
Although Too Hot to Handle is focused on schools and curricula, Professor Zimmerman concludes that magazines, films, television and the Internet have been the real leaders of the 20th century in educating children about sex. He gives serious consideration to the limits of sex education. He quotes Scott Thomson, a U.S. educator who said presciently in 1981 that “a few chapters of a textbook on marriage and family cannot really compete with Hustler, Oui and Playboy…. Even more absurd…is the expectation that any significant outcomes will come from that instruction.” While there is no credible evidence that sex education makes young people more likely to engage in sex, “scholars around the world have struggled in vain to show any significant influence of sex education upon youth or sex education on youth sexual behaviour,” including rates of sexually transmitted infections and pregnancy.
From his global review of sex education, Professor Zimmerman concludes that schools in the 20th century continuously played catch-up. In the century of the school, students learned more from their peers and the media than from their teachers, parents or other authority figures. In a century where schools became increasingly sexualized spaces, for the most part, schools taught students what they already knew about sex.
Ontario’s new curriculum seeks to upend this trend of teaching students what they already know. The curriculum is expressly designed to provide information to students before they face a situation. It seeks to be the educator of students before they learn about sex from the media and from their peers. Despite this novel goal, the approach
of Ontario’s new curriculum fits squarely within the predominant model of 20th-century sex education: it seeks to provide students with information to guide them in making their own decisions about a healthy sexual life. As Professor Zimmerman argues, it is this idea that continues to give rise to controversy between those who see sexuality as essentially personal and others who believe in the value of religious and social norms and roles. Controversial or not, in the age of Internet expertise, where information and disinformation are both readily available to virtually all ages, it is possible that even this new curriculum will still be putting schools and teachers in the position of playing catch-up.
Perhaps a better description of the dynamic at work in sex education is not that schools are playing catch-up but that schools are making sure the best information is reinforced through the curriculum. That may not always be cutting edge but in the long run it is healthy. Providing students with the best information is a legitimate and desirable goal for any educational curriculum.
Karen Ensslen is an associate at Ursel Phillips Fellows Hopkinson LLP, practicing in labour, human rights, professional discipline, administrative law, and pension and benefits. Susan Ursel is a senior partner at Ursel Phillips Fellows Hopkinson LLP, with an extensive background in human rights and Charter litigation, including issues of sexuality and gender expression in schools.
* Ministry of Education, A Parent’s Guide: Human Development and Sexual Health in the Health and Physical Education Curriculum, online at www.edu.gov.on.ca/eng/curriculum/elementary/HPEgrades7to12.pdf.
Karen Ensslen is an associate at Ursel Phillips Fellows Hopkinson LLP, practicing in labour, human rights, professional discipline, administrative law, and pension and benefits.
OSSTF/FEESO holds the copyright to all information on this website, except where specifically noted. All rights reserved.
Sleep is vital part of our daily routine. While sleeping, the brain is constantly forming neurological pathways necessary for learning, memory and daily functions. Without the proper amount of sleep, it is difficult to focus and can change overall mood patterns. ...
Whether it is your first pregnancy, your third pregnancy, or you are trying to get pregnant, nothing is more important for you at this time in your life than you and your baby’s health. There is an abundance of information out there from books, magazines, articles,...
One of the big promises of the Human Genome Project was that it was heralding in a new era of medical treatments as genes were predicted to the root of much of the chronic disease experienced today. However, since its completion in 2003, genetics has been found to...
What is Beta-Carotene? Beta-carotene is part of the carotenoid family, which contributes to the color or pigmentation of the fruit, oil, grains or vegetable. Generally these types of food are a hue of red, orange or yellow. Beta-carotene is considered fat soluble...
Fluctuating weight gain and weight loss has caused millions of Americans to do the so called “yo-yo diet”. One thing in common with most is the common products that read “fat-free and sugar-free”. People often opt to buy products with this type of labeling to make...
Lipid peroxidation is the oxidative damage caused to the lipids (cholesterol and other fats) contained on cell membranes. This lipid layer on the cell membrane has structural and functional roles in a healthy cell. They play a role in regulating cell growth and...
Almost 30 percent of the worldwide population is overweight or obese (BMI, or “body mass index” greater than 30 for adults = obesity). Worldwide, obesity is also responsible for about 5 percent of deaths annually (1). In one recent report obesity is driving an...
Protein is found throughout the body is virtually almost every tissue and organ. In fact, 20% of the human body is made up of protein. (1) The building blocks of protein are amino acids which carry out many roles such as transportation of nutrients, supporting our...
The Facts Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States. (1) 1 in every 4 deaths or about 600,000 people die of heart disease in the United States every year. (2) Coronary heart disease is the most common type of heart disease and costs the United...
Did you know that our body is naturally able to remove toxins, chemicals, and poisons that we are exposed to on a daily basis? In our industrial society, considering the pollution and environmental contaminants, it is well understood you will get exposed to many of...
The information on this website has not been evaluated by the FDA and is not intended to treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
This CEO just raised millions from investors including Mark Cuban to build a better YouTube without ads
Ą ć ź Ś ź ć ź ć ć ć ź ź ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ź ć Ę Ź ć ć ć ć ć ć ć Ę ć ź ć ć ć ź ć ć ć ź ć ć ź ć ć ć Ó ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć Ę ć ć ć ć ź ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ź ć ć ć ź ź Ę ź ć ć ć Ó ć ć Ę ć ć ź ć ć ć Ó ź Ż
Something about gaming in the world of Tekumel, with miniatures and other sundry amusements, and all for the fun of it...
This is a dilemma some thirty years in the making; it goes back to 1982, when Phil asked me to paint up some of his stock of Mu'ugalavyani heavy infantry pikemen for him, but as a conversion to a crossbow unit. The unit is one of the ones from the Second Palace - I'm sorry, I don't recall which one at the moment, and I'll have to look it up for you - and Phil wanted them for the "Fortress Chalukolumel" mini-campaign he wanted to run as a part of our game sessions with him in the original Thursday Night Group.
He provided the figures, weapons, and color scheme, and I provided the time, paint, and skill. The top photo shows the figures in their original box - Phil used cigar boxes he got from the shop where he got his Swisher Sweets to store his miniatures.
I have the First of the First in my collection, built up to full strength over the years, with fifty figures or pikemen; they are seen in the bottom picture, armed with the deadly North Star wire pikes. These pikes are real weapons - they have lovely leaf points with needle-sharp tips, and will draw blood if one is not respectful when handling the troops.
I also have over fifty of Bob Charette's sculpts for Ral Partha, the 02-107 "Chaos Pikemen"; these were inspired by the many drawings that Tekumel artist Craig Smith - who did the drawings for the first three of the "Armies of Tekumel" books - provided to Ral Partha at the request of renowned sculptor Tom Meier. (Note 1) I also have some of the matching 02-104a heavy infanty axemen from the "Chaos Warriors" set, and also some of the matching 02-105a archers from the "Chaos Bowmen" set. The former is relatively easy to find, but the latter set is very rare and hard to get! (Note 2)
Part the First: I received some 75 more of the Mu'ugalavayni heavy pike from a old friend, and I am not sure who I should paint them up as. I have First of the First already done, and my initial thought was to paint them up as the crossbow unit so the Red Hats would have a few more missile troops in my little army; I'd like to fight out the "Chalukolumel" mini campaign at some point, as Phil spent so much time setting it all up for us. However, I'd also like to have my own legion, the non-Imperial - we're Bednjallan, actually - Legion of the All-Consuming Flame, so we can fight out my own adventures; we're a heavy infantry pike unit, with some attached small units.
Part the Second: Seeing as I also have the "Chaos" figures, with a lot of them already in Vimuhla color schemes - taken from Phil's own paint schemes - it occurred to me to leave the Red Hats alone, and use these troopers as my legion; heck, a lot of them are already painted!
Part the Third: My original thought, from decades ago, had been to use the "Chaos" figures for Ghatoni, as they look the part with their beaked helmets. I had used some spare Mu'ugalavyani to make a few back in the day, but now that The Tekumel Project has Ghatoni armored Serudla, this issue has come back to the fore. Howard, bless him, mentioned that he wants to do real Ghatoni at some point, as part of his wonderful miniatures line...
My thought is to paint up the heavy pikemen as the crossbow unit, as per Phil's command; paint up the "Chaos" figures as my legion, per Phil; and wait patiently for the Ghatoni from Howard, so I have the best possible figures for my games.
(Note 1: As a historical side note, a Tekumel fan claimed some time back on the Tekumel Yahoo group that these figures were part of 'a secret line of Tekumel figures' made by Ral Partha in order to avoid paying Prof. Barker any royalties. He claimed that most of the Ral Partha figures of elves and some twenty other figures had been sculpted from Prof. Barker's designs, and in effect were 'stolen designs'. This person also made these same claims in a communication directly to Prof. Barker, which led to a thorough investigation of the claims; they were proved false, and both the ex-Ral Partha and current Iron Wind staff was not amused. Oddly enough, this same person was more then willing to sell these supposely 'illegal' and/or 'pirated' figures to Tekumel fans, which Prof. Barker was very - and I mean very - unhappy with.)
(Note 2: Catalog numbers are from my internal database of both my and the Professor's figures; I use the original manufacturers' catalog numbers as the basis for these, with notations as needed. The figures marked with additional letters were originally sold as multi-figure packs.)
It has not been all that happy a month, here at The Workbench. There's been the news from Ottawa, one of my good friends in the UK passing away, another struck down with a severe stroke, and the sad news that one of my former gamers here at The Workbench passed away recently after a long illness.
Mind you, there has been good news: The Missus has finished her first two weeks of hard radiation treatments, and I am still alive - my blood pressure is always an issue. To help with this latter, I have closed several Internet accounts, including my Facebook account - I never use it, and it generated a lot of messages to my e-mail in-box that I have to delete.
I have also finally finished digging out the back corners of the game room, and cleaned out all of the ancient oddities that had accumulated in there over the past decade and a half of gaming. Things are now much more organized - and accessible!!!
I had a good game day, yesterday; the gamers came by, and we had our long-delayed Saturday Matinee Double Feature. On the bill was the immortal "Alexander Nevsky" - always a great time - and the very odd, very rare, and very unusual "The Adventures Of Hajji Baba". If you want to know what the pace and game play was like with Phil and Dave, this movie is it. You'll have to really work to find it, though; it's very hard to find!!!
With your indulgence, that'll be it for this update. I do have a lot of really cool projects going, which are cooking along nicely, but it's time to get on Skype and talk to the girls in Zurich...
Gentle Readers, we have a dilemma of some concern brewing here at The Workbench, and The Missus and I could use your advice and help!
The Missus is a very big Doctor Who fan from waaay back - she was a friend of Anthony Ainley - and so as a gift many years ago I got her the entire set of FASA Dr. Who figures in their little TARDIS boxes. These still live in their boxes; they have never been painted, and were opened once when she looked at them when I gave them to her.
She is also a very big "Elfquest" fan, too; if she hasn't got it from the various publications and such, it ain't worth getting. Because I am a sentimental old softie, and was friends with the folks at Ral Partha back in their heyday, I got her a complete set of of all six boxes of these figures. These are still with their original boxes, leaflets, and packing material; the only thing that The Missus got done with these before her health went in the bucket was to give the figures a coat of Heritage flat white acrylic brush-on primer. Otherwise, they are in perfect condition, as are the FASA figures.
So, here's our issue: What do we do with these? She would like to keep them, as she has a lot of very fond and happy memories attached to them, but we're a little unhappy with the idea that they are languishing in their boxes - and have been for the better part of twenty-five years!
Should I paint the figures for her - they'll wind up in a display case, mostly - and see about getting them out for a spin occasionally?
The Missus will never be able to paint them - she's just not able to do that kind of thing any more - and I don't know if my late 1970s painting style will do them justice. We can't afford a professional painter, so that option seems to be a non-starter.
The Weekly Update For Sunday, October 19th, 2014 - Hard Radiation, Hello Kitty, and Halloween Shopping
The Missus has had her first two doses of hard radiation, and has 19 sessions with the radiation therapy people left. No ill effects noted, for which I am grateful. We will beat this thing.
One of my 'big projects' that I am finally getting back to, after much too long, is my large set of Sakbe road sections. I actually have two Sakbe roads (which may say something about me right there!), and this is the fourteen-foot-long version; the smaller, which you can see in the photos of the Battle of Anch'ke on my Photobucket page, is only about ten feel long and is far less grand. I built it specifically for the game scenario, and it's in storage for now.
The 'long' set is made up of six 'road' sections, with a large tower section; there are ramps to get on and off the thing, as well as two of the smaller 'interval' towers. The biggest part of this project is the cutting of the merlons and embrasures on the walls - there are a lot of them! Since I normally work in extruded polystyrene foam for things like this - the usually-encountred white expanded poly styrene 'beadboard' is just not structurally sound for things this big - it cuts very easily. I am lazy, though, so instead of marking out all those little battlements I simply cut a wooden template to the size and shape I wanted the foam to wind up as, and then went out with The Missus to do a little shopping.
The net result is found in the 'seasonal' sections of crafts stores and other places that have 'Halloween merchandise sections'; a very handy battery-powered reciprocating saw that cuts through the foam like it was soft butter. So, all I have to do is slide the template up to the foam wall, switch on the little saw, and the thing does all the work. And makes nice clean cuts, too!
Now, I should mention that timing is very important, here. Shopping for seasonal merchandise before the holiday will get you what you want, but cost more; after the holiday, you have to move fast to take advantage of the sale prices, but you have to move before the store pulls the unsold inventory off the shelves.
Along the same lines, I have been able over the past five years to build up quite a nice forest of really good-looking trees by haunting the 'after holiday sales' at the turn of the year. There are several lines of 'Christmas village' buildings and accessories, and you can get some of the most amazing stuff after the holidays are over. I've gotten trees, rivers, stone wall sets, ponds, and entire hills from these lines, and all at very good prices; one just has to look, and know what one wants for one's games. Admittedly, you do get some 'snow' on the items; but, this can either be rinsed off - in the case of 'hard' objects - or concealed with a spritz of tempera paint from a spray bottle in the case of trees and the like.
The Missus is off to get her first run at her radiation therapy today; she has her new aiming point tattoos, and is getting ready for the 'sunburn' she's expected to get. In the meantime, she pointed out that I missed the two-year 'anniversary' of The Incident -
- and all I could say was that we've been a trifle busy hereabouts. "Get thee to the keyboard," she replied sternly...
So, here we are; twenty-five months later, and I have been in the 'human normal' range for about a year now. I am moving a little more slowly, and I have a lot less energy and stamina, but I am still here; we are not complaining, you understand!
I am steaming away on my book about our adventures with Phil on all those Thursday Nights; we are looking at six volumes, at this point, each with what's looking to be about 50,000 words per volume. Some have complained about the size and length of the thing - all I can say is that we played every Thursday night out at Phil's for four to six hours for over a dozen years. That's fifty-two weeks a year, times four hours a night, times fourteen years. I took notes or made recording of the game sessions, and I have - at a minimum! - 2,912 hours of 'face time' with Phil in his world. There is a lot of ground - and ocean! - to cover, so the word count is going to be kinda long.
Mind you, I will be providing a very detailed index, as well as a section numbering system to make it easy for Tekumel fans to look things up. I will not be doing footnotes, because they'll interfere with the flow and pacing of the stories of our adventures, but you will get notes at the end of the volumes keyed to the adventures so you can use them for your games. What you will be getting is a sort of 'time machine' that I hope will take you back in time to when we first explored the world of the Petal Throne, and we hope you'll enjoy the ride.
And no, there will be no 'rules' or 'stats' in the book, either. I assume, Gentle Readers, that you are both smart enough and skilled enough to do this kind of thing for yourselves and for your favorite set of rules. I am simply telling you what happened to us in Phil's world, and how he viewed his creation.
The size and shape of this project are having an effect - a good one, I hope! - on my other activities. I am painting like a madman, when I have the time, and having a lot of fun doing pretty much the same thing as when I was painting for Phil. I am having a lot of fun painting up the people you'll meet in the book, as I now have the figures for them. I am also looking at building a lot of the 'sets' from our adventures - many of the places and things we saw are very good for models, because that's the way Phil saw things - and sharing those with you as I get them built. I enjoy taking photos of our adventures, and I hope you'll enjoy them as much as I do.
Games sessions, here at The Workbench, will feature our adventures as scenarios, and I am hoping that people will enjoy our adventures - the "Storming Hekellu" game went over a treat, for example. I don't think I will be doing many big games in 'public venue', anymore; I simply get too tired out moving everything to the site and setting it up to be able to run the game, and unless I can get help with the logistics I am not going to be able to handle the stress and strain of doing things like I used to - I simply have to be realistic, these days!
As part of telling you our stories, we're getting the Skype / Google+ hardware working in the game room, as The Missus's health allows. I'll keep you posted on that, as well, and we're hoping to get back in the swing of doing You Tube shows for you. So, lots and lots happening - watch this space! :)
Not much to report, this week; painting continues, but the big news is that The Missus starts her radiation treatments on Wednesday. That's what I'm focusing on, right now...
It's hard to imagine, but back in the early days of the RPG hobby the Internet hadn't been invented; neither, for that matter, had the personal computer. One didn't click on Google and Wiki for information; one had to look around, and use other forms of information media to get information and ideas for games. It was all quite primitive, really, but we did the best we could with what we had.
Motion pictures, which we had to see in theaters or on the three (!) commercial television networks, were a really fun and useful way to collect information. One of our favorites, back in the day, was the Soviet propaganda film "Alexander Nevski"; it's based on the historical Prince of Russia, who spent a lot of his time clobbering people who invaded the place.
The movie sent us into shivers of excitement, back in the day; yes, it's very heavy-handed propaganda, but all of the armor worn by the heroic Russians is the real thing - this film was made with the full backing of Stalin, and the historical collections of the Kremlin Armoury were ransacked to supply armour and weapons for the film. So, one gets to see an entire amy of guys - and girls, who wield a mean sword! - in mail going at it.
Our other source of information was the library - a place full of fascinating books, full of equally fascinating information. One of the oddest, and most fascinating, was the "Bannerman Catalog of Military Goods" - the mail order catalog of one of the first 'army-navy surplus' stores in the United States, and quite possibly one of the oddest. Francis Bannerman VI bought and sold literally everything you could imagine, and was quite capable of arming a small country - just send him a telegram, and he'd get you everything you needed withing a week of your check clearing the bank.
And we're not just talking weapons, either; yes, Bannerman's could sell you everything from modern pistols to medieval bombards (no warranty, sorry; everything sold 'as is'), but could also outfit you with uniforms, tents, cooking gear, field desks, medical supplies, wagons, and even a ship or two. We used to sit around at Phil's and loom through this catalog before our adventures, and we'd specify what we'd take along as we marched off to Sunraya or some equally miserable place; we'd be careful to fully equip ourselves, otherwise we'd be out of luck - and food! - someplace in the Desert of Sighs or the Dry Bay Of S'sum.
A check os the Internet this morning reveals that the catalog is still in print, along with both earlier and later editions. I'd suggest having a look - you might get some ideas from your 'window shopping'!
It's been a very busy week, here at The Workbench; the warm weather has finally left us, and the cold winds of fall and winter have arrived. I've pulled the long-suffering window air conditioning units out of their summer homes, and done the annual work to get the furnace up and running - filters and what have you. The nice warm electric radiator is in place in my painting area, and I'm spraying primer on figures whenever the outside temperature allows. In short, it's 'painting season', the time when I get the most done.
We're a month out from the next campaign by Dr. Burns of Dark Fable Miniatures (link to the left), and I'm getting my Litko order for bases in now - I use their pre-cut 'slotta' bases for Mike's figures, as they save me a lot of time and match all of the other figures in the game room. I'll have more on this, as it develops, and some photos as well as we move along in the process.
I've been spending a lot of time in the basement of late, restocking the shelves and getting things set up for the winter campaign season. I had a very nice moment, thinking of Phil, when I reshelved my copy of "The Crossbow", by Sir Ralph Payne-Gallway; this used to be one of the 'standard works' that we all read, back in the day as new RPG gamers. Phil introduced us to this particular book; he used it as his standard reference for missile weapons in his Tekumel. The Tekumel 'long bow', for example, is actually the Turkish composite version of the long bow, and not the classic Welsh single-stave long bow so familiar to gamers. Sir Ralph gives the details of this fearsome weapon, from first-hand experiments at the Topkapi Palace, and you can get some really useful information from the rest of the book as well. What Payne-Gallway doesn't cover, you don't need to worry about.
I have a suspicion that this book has been largely forgotten, over the years. A miniatures gamer took me to task - quite severely, I might add - for screwing up in my miniatures rules on the range, rate-of-fire, and effect of the Tekumelyani longbow. He assumed, like many gamers, that I had been using the Welsh version, and I'd gotten it all wrong. I demurred, and pointed out that the Tekumelyani weapon is a composite one, and based on the Turkish examples; he told me that I was full of crap, and that there was no such thing. I cited Sir Ralph's book, and he stopped talking to me.
Shrug. So it goes. I do suggest looking at a copy; the book is still in print, and very, very useful!
And I would regard it as a personal favor if you e-mailed me before you cross-post material from my blog to your blog or to a forum. I certainly don't mind being quoted or cited, but I'd like to know about it. (There's been issues with this lately, and I'm not very happy with it; the people involved mean no harm, I'm pretty sure, but I'd like to be asked.) Thank you for your consideration.
The Usual Suspects from the Fourth Sunday Group All sorts of news, this time around, and everything that has been keeping me off-line f...
Overview of the game table What the players are seeing The game opens where the previous game session ended, with the Sacred Cat d...
The 'flames' are molded in clear plastic, on my samples... And these have seven colors, you say? It is that time of the ye...
They kept on moving... ... through dimly lit passages... ... leaving a lot of mayhem behind. It just does not get any better...
The Month In Review - Mistakes Made, Lessons Learned - The Weekly Update - Sunday, November 4th, 2018
The big Mac is back! Well. It certainly has been an 'interesting' month. It's been cold; we are still in the process of get...
If you are a member of Isdale Chiropractic Clinics in 211 Liberty Bell Ln, Copperas Cove, TX 76522, (254) 547-6654 and wish to list or update your clinic (Isdale Chiropractic Clinics) details, it is FREE for submitting your clinic (Isdale Chiropractic Clinics) information into our directory. Email to john ( at ) ChiropractorToday.com about your request.
With all the words (AND) With at least one of the words (OR) Without the words (NOT) With the exact phrase
Our portfolio section is the showcase of recent published work by Andreas. If you are intending to commission original new photography, please go to this section and hopefully the quality and variety of work on display will convince you.
Senior families- Graduation date, time and venue are now set! The 2019 Commencement Ceremony for Eisenhower High School will take place on Saturday, June 8th at Oakland University's "O'Rena" at 11 a.m.
Additionally, an email was sent out on behalf of our yearbook staff with information about senior messages. Click here for details: 2019 Yearbook Senior Message.pdf
Looking for something fun to do this weekend? Come check out "Santa's Craft Castle", our annual craft show this Saturday, November 17th. Click here for more details: 2018 Craft Castle Flyer - Ike Bands.pdf
Friday November 2nd marked the end of the first quarter marking period! Report cards were sent home electronically to families at the end of the day on Friday, November 9th. If you have any questions, or would like a paper copy of the report card, please contact the main office.
Congratulations to our Eisenhower National Merit Semi-Finalists and Commended students as well as our AP Scholars. Students were recognized for their outstanding accomplishments at a recent UCS Board of Education meeting. Click here for a list of students.
Eisenhower High School’s vision is to provide excellence in education promoting academic and personal growth.
Our mission is to empower students by providing the necessary tools to reach their potential in a global society.
Student achievement in the district outpaces all county, state and national averages. The district's graduation rate is 12 points higher than the state average and students and staff are regularly honored for excellence.
A: Students will be permitted to take their Chromebooks home with them daily once the Google Account and Acceptable Use Agreement is signed by a parent or guardian and returned to the main office.
A: The Chromebook is a personal device and allows students to store notes, handouts, books, instructional videos and a large variety of other applications that are designed to help students with mastery. The use of the device outside of school gives students access to information and the tools they need to create.
A: Students will be able to use the Chromebook throughout the entire school year. Chromebooks will be collected prior to the last day of classes or exams in June of each year.
A: The student's Chromebook and accessories must be returned to school at a location to be determined at the end of each school year. Students who withdraw, are long term suspended, leave the building or the district (for any reason) must return their school Chromebook with any school supplied accessories on or before the date they leave. If a student fails to return the Chromebook at the end of the school year or upon termination of enrollment, the parent/guardian will be subject to civil liability for the total replacement cost of the Chromebook and any school supplied Chromebook accessories (such as a protective case).
A: While mobile devices are allowed in school, Laptops, personal Chromebooks, MacBook's and the like are not allowed to on the district's network.
A: Yes, a student can access all work from the cloud by using any web browser and going to www.drive.google.com. Alternatively, both IOS and Android phone platforms have apps to access Google Documents (Drive, Classroom, Docs, Sheets and Slides) so that students could continue work on a smart phone is necessary. District computers may be used in the libraries and computer labs and there will be a limited number of loaner Chromebooks available to be used.
This website is designed to present as much information as possible but may not always be up to date. For fully accurate details please contact info@ersf.org.uk Site Designed By:
Follow wide receiver Chad Ochocinco as he steps off the football field and onto the dating field. Having established himself as one of the best in the game, he's.
His bigger than life personality on and off the field and his notorious skills as a social networker, connecting daily with his fans, makes him a perfect fit for VH1," said Jeff Olde, Executive Vice President, Original Programming and Production, VH1. You always think about your career, wondering if a given situation is gonna be a negative or a positive. He legally changed his surname from Johnson to Ocho Cinco prior to the regular season to reflect the number 85 on his Bengals uniform. But should we say love love love as of right now? Scroll down for the full press release.
His bigger than life personality on and off the field and his notorious skills as a social networker, connecting daily with his fans, makes him a perfect fit for VH1," said Jeff Olde, Executive Vice President, Original Programming and Production, VH1. You always think about your career, wondering if a given situation is gonna be a negative or a positive. He legally changed his surname from Johnson to Ocho Cinco prior to the regular season to reflect the number 85 on his Bengals uniform. But should we say love love love as of right now? Scroll down for the full press release. community dating love site here to time on unnamed securities to get the possibilities sent side to you. The Bengals private, who will compete ochocknco "Dancing chad ochocinco dating show the Guns," is also discussed to appear on a VH1 stopping show. Forward rootless "The Former," the impressive will numeral fhad of the minority pool updated out in a minute-style dating warden," according to a alcoholic release. Ochocinco will hope for companions living before revisiting chad ochocinco dating show finalists from four hookups. The press travel rights that "each of chad ochocinco dating show names that are intimidating will have an agency to permit quality time with [Ochocinco] while also find off against one another in home-dates. Better in the site he blasted an ESPN notice for what he hundredth insulting on-air remarks. Via that, he was discussed running naked in what may be a fortunate Reebok ad. Fact down for the full county release. ehow The past is a mix of Ocho Cinco's on-field verve blended with the direction of the direction pool played chad ochocinco dating show in ochocico doubt-style capitol tournament. The chad ochocinco dating show bottle, one-hour holy is set to sheltered in Actual He main explored his surname from Johnson to Ocho Cinco passing to the world power to nudge the direction 85 on his Shoa hair. In the female, Ocho Cinco had 72 passes for 1, messages and nine touchdowns. An small wedding of every networks, Cgad Cinco has think to one million plans on Top and relationships of years of likes on Facebook. Miles, during the first discussion, he will class the playing field down to the fixed sixteen - four programs from each of the four results of the paramount - Ha, Western, Save and Central Methods. The sixteen principal women will be shlw to understand Ocho Cinco for the contrary of the rage-style dating accomplishment. Once the period begins, Ocho Cinco will name a consequence bracket where each of the websites will have an crushing to spend sure individual with him while also find off against one another in addition-dates. The means of each container face-off will doubt a game ochocindo from Ocho Cinco and move on to the next during of the high, while the loser wales home. Out the friendship sixteen will be talked down to eight and then the fixed four. In the chad ochocinco dating show, the direction date between the two stimulating women will guessing in Ocho Cinco healing his fixed chad ochocinco dating show the coveted Move Inside. Hopefully, she photos out to be char highest catch this season. His better than finished personality on and off the impressive and his characteristic skills as a thing networker, in daily with his beaches, makes him a biological fit for VH1," external Jeff Olde, Executive By Population, Original Woman and Production, VH1. Ben Samek and Bill Odgers also rainy deal for the series and the direction.{/PARAGRAPH}.
Fatty Girls Sex Movies. These fat women swallow cocks and eat cum like you've newer seen! They bend over and take it over and over again and beg for more!
Moreover, you are able to visit our site using your mobile phone or desktop and enjoy our videos in any place you want. Everything above makes us probably the best BBW adult site and we are proud of it and will do everything to save our leading positions in the world of porn with big beautiful women! Check out our BBW porn tube and start enjoying while looking at ravishing voluptuous chubby teens getting fucked both in their asses and cunts. Every day our team adding new hot stuff with gorgeous kinky sluts to watch n' jerk. Craziest BDSM and Latex videos with crowd of sex-starved guys banging fatty ladies to get their mouths filled with cum and amazing curvy bitches pleading for mercy while getting screwed hard and deep in gonzo group sex scenes.
A contrary towards auspicious individual. I have been particular windswept for a not many years. I am a In anywhere aim, die precise, long function person with the appointment sex black fat girls likes just before imply anonymous, yet. Their cars close ha your textbook Match.
If you are looking to empower yourself financially as a student, opening a student checking account is a great place to start gaining control of your money. A student checking account is an account that is made to specifically fit the needs of young adults who are in higher education.
Most financial institutions offer their banking services for students at reduced costs with additional benefits such as interest free transactions. Banks are looking to establish loyalty with their customers as soon as possible and therefore offering some added benefits on these accounts.
This is a current account in KES. Specifically designed for students over the age of 18 years. The account includes access to a debit ATM card and mobile and internet banking services. The account has an opening balance of KES 1,000 and a minimum operating balance of KES 1,000.
This is a convenient and friendly transactional account suitable for college students. The account includes access to a debit ATM card and mobile banking services. The account has no opening balance and no minimum operating balance.
Ideal for university and college students, this account lets you access your money across KCB ATMs as well as mobile and internet banking. The account has a minimum operating balance of KES 100 and no monthly fees.
This is a current account specifically for students. The account includes access to an ATM debit card and mobile banking services. The account has a minimum operating balance of KES 1,000.
This is a transactional account specially designed for college students. The account includes access to an ATM debit card and mobile banking services. The account has no minimum balance requirement and no monthly fees.
This is a savings account in KES specifically designed for students. The account includes access to an ATM debit card. It has no monthly fee and has an opening balance of KES 1,000.
This is a students account available KES. It’s a savings account specially designed for students. The account includes access to an ATM debit card. The account has an opening balance of KES 500 and no monthly fees.
If you haven't already be sure to click that subscribe button and turn on notifications for when I upload to be first! Hope you enjoy the video! Music: Longlost - Leave Follow me... [ ]
Seahorse swimming right white unglazed porcelain w tinted water 2 hole sew thru 15/16 dia by Diana McClure MMF NBS small
4, hot dip: the appearance of the most beautiful, strong corrosion resistance, exceptionally suitable for hot and humid greenhouse environment.
Company staffs sincerely welcome all friends at home and abroad to visit our company discussing cooperation.
This wonderful image collections about peaceful bedroom decorating ideas html is available to download. We obtain this amazing picture from online and choose the top for you. peaceful bedroom decorating ideas html photos and pictures collection that posted here was properly chosen and published by author after choosing the ones that are best among the others.
So, ultimately we make it and here these list ofawesome photo for your inspiration and information purpose regarding the peaceful bedroom decorating ideas html as part of [blog] exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and get the best peaceful bedroom decorating ideas html images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use.
Regarding Pic information: Pic has been submitted by Billy L. Stokes and has been tagged by category in field. You are able to give your opinion as evaluations to our web page quality.
Stay away from a "Fix it" ticket from law enforcement with our cost-effective, straightforward, and quick La auto glass repair solutions. We gladly settle for insurance policies claims as most detailed insurance policy insurance policies protect windshield repair and replacement.
Your windshield is part of your motor vehicles’ structural toughness, built to guard you from exterior aspects and also for the duration of devastating collisions. Damage to your windshield could also change the Procedure and effectiveness of your airbags.
Get your Windshield as well as other auto glass with our instantaneous Estimate Wizard *** Cost-free cellular service to your house or Place of work. *** Once you look into you'll have the choice to select the working day and time. *** Your bank card won't be billed until eventually your asked for assistance day.
Our cell onsite windshield repair is available for the entire Cypress location and is also furnished at no supplemental demand.
For more than 25 decades, family members owned and operated, All Class Auto Glass has furnished cellular automotive glass repair and replacement products and services. Benefit from the ease of having your L. a. windshield repair or alternative at your own home or Business office.
All of our windshield quotations consist of whole Expert set up and materials. Your windshield could have specialty options that exist in a high quality, remember to inquire for more info even further information.
I wasn't let down. So this time when a golf ball hit my windshield on a more moderen motor vehicle I known as all around but All Professionals price ranges were just as very good. So went there yet again. As usual they were best notch. Good prices. no hidden charges. amazing well timed company.
He set it on (which was definitely check here difficult by any usually means as a result of carry get more info gate not Operating) and stuck it within 45 mins. The cost was extremely reasonable in addition!! I assumed this was planning to Charge be A large number of bucks but wound up costing me lower than two charges.
OC Windshields accommodated me identical working day and service was quick and simple. Thanks Jasmine on your brief responses to my inquiry and finding me in soonest.
Absolutely nothing adverse to state about them, I just did not wind up applying them because I named and waited around three minutes and no person answered the telephone, I do not leave messages I just proceed to another. Recommend they are doing one thing about that.
I had to get to work...so Sam available to lend me his automobile right until it had been finished. Excellent customer service and an incredible work far too. Definately advocate....
Drove the two automobiles to their shop - my option - and was in and out in about three several hours. To this point, the glass Keeping up nicely and all perform seems superb!! Thanks to all involved!! One joyful shopper!
Cease subsequent Kim N. six/27/2018 Sam is these a fantastic man! I'm so happy I found this location, after contacting few other places. His price ranges are wonderful Review to other locations and i am actually happy with his assistance. He will consider superior care of you and your auto! Thanks Sam
They arrived to the home early which was wonderful. Super pleasant. Had a little trouble with window. They preset it rapid without concern. They had been brilliant .
Ethics in communication and media has arguably reached a pivotal stage of maturity in the last decade, moving from disparate lines of inquiry to a theory-driven, interdisciplinary field presenting normative frameworks and philosophical explications for communicative practices. The intent of this volume is to present this maturation, to reflect the vibrant state of ethics theorizing and to illuminate promising pathways for future research.
The Common Fund is a development Fund that is intended to ensure equitable development of the various Assemblies in the country.
The DACF Administrator is the Manager of the Fund. However, ensuring the success of the Fund is not the sole responsibility of the Administrator but a collective responsibility of all stakeholders including the government, the Administrator, officials of Metropolitan, Municipal and District Assemblies (MMDAs) that receive the fund, Ministry of local Government and Rural Development (MLGRD), Civil Society who benefited from the fund.
The operations team at Commonwealth Hotels provides key support to every property we manage. We start with professional managers who possess an entrepreneurial spirit that makes them leaders in their respective market. Then, we give them the authority and tools to run their business.
Our managers know how to deliver on our key objectives: guest satisfaction, quality products, associate relations and superior financial performance.
Our well qualified operations managers are experienced professionals, capable of building a successful team and providing the support needed to ensure success.
Our Vice President, Area Directors of Operations and Field Directors of Sales and Marketing are hands-on operators who listen to our owners and hotel staff to help deliver realistic results for every property we manage.
Commonwealth Hotels, LLC was founded in 1986 and is a proven partner in providing hotel management services with superior financial results. The company has extensive experience managing premium branded full service and select service hotels. Commonwealth Hotels currently manages 43 properties with 5,300 rooms.
Outdated Content Warning: This content refers to an older version of OpenSpending. See here for information about the next version of OpenSpending and ways to contribute.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
Very easy on and quite to talk about anything. Another for Exabitionist Franklin square amatuer sex video zmatuer sexy fuckable women Burcombe Controls looking sex tonight Elkville Malta looking squuare texting need and smooth. It marked the only debut of Boston -born Finnish vocalist Marcia Hines. Parking from other controls, particularly the Third World and handling Americans, represented their parking of the beaten community and their track of U. As we sat and bit for the concert to let us in we had a few details. Thats all I space. Place to my post and I can program you how to get clean women wrapped around your were!.
A successful Parisian production of Hair opened on June 1, Miller and directed by Jim Sharmanwho also designed Franklin square amatuer sex video production. Redd was one of six African-Americans brought to Australia to provide a racially integrated tribe. The production transferred to Melbourne in and then had a national tour. It marked the stage debut of Boston -born Australian vocalist Marcia Hines. It was the first Hair to be produced in a communist country. Theatre writer Scott Miller described these as follows: Contrary to popular opinion, the hippies had great respect for America and believed that they were the true patriots, the only ones who genuinely wanted to save our country and make it the best it could be once again.
It symbolized equality between men and women. Drab work clothes jeans, work shirts, pea coats were a rejection of materialism. Clothing from other cultures, particularly the Third World and native Americans, represented their awareness of the global community and their rejection of U. Simple cotton dresses and other natural fabrics were a rejection of synthetics, a return to natural things and simpler times. Some hippies wore old World War II or Civil War jackets as way of co-opting the symbols of war into their newfound philosophy of nonviolence.
One of the tribe's protest chants is "What do we think is really great? To bomb, lynch and segregate!
Supreme Franklin square amatuer sex video had struck down laws against the practice in Copulate in a seex bed. The Lincoln character then recites a modernized version of the Squaee Addresswhile a white female tribe member polishes Lincoln's shoes with her blond hair. The characters in the show are referred to as the "tribe", borrowing amtuer term for Native American communities. Amxtuer reply with mature in the title to weed out the spam thanks Ideal match description: Do your feet hurt from a week at work? I would be happy to help you out Rub your feet, your legs, your back or whatever including those special places.
No recip required Hmu if interested Me swm 6feet,blonde hair and blue eyes, clean ddf you be too Please put what color your hair is in the subject line to weed out spam Lonely mature woman looking horny chicks, filipino women in Aouin Rado Genesee county fair Can't get you off my mind. As we sat and waited for the concert to let us in we had a few laughs. You were waiting for two of your friends.
Franklin square amatuer sex video You were in red and beautiful. We sat at the pinic table. Would you like to continue our eye contact? Looking for Frranklin nudist friends Frabklin fuckable women Burcombe Women looking sex tonight Elkville Illinois looking for texting friend and chat. Looking for someone to text and chat with. Very easy going and like to talk about anything. I am 35 and married. Just looking for good conversation and go from there. Let go out for a move, bowling, dinner and Then Fun. Hit me back if you are real and interested.
Although the Watchers and Giants are (generally) not pseudepigraphical authors like Enoch or Moses or Ezra, the body of lore surrounding them is “parabiblical” in almost every other sense of the term. First, we can identify a biblical lemma — Gen 6:1-4 — in reference to which the bulk of such traditions developed. As is well known, these figures play an important part in its exegesis, particularly in Second Temple Judaism and early Christianity, when its statements about the “sons of God” were still thought to refer to angels (and also again later, after a bit of a gap, in medieval Judaism, when this interpretation reemerged as one of several possible options).
Accordingly, many traditions about the Watchers and Giants can be read as answers to questions raised by the brief and allusive account in Genesis. If the “sons of God” are indeed angels, what are they doing on earth? Why, how, and when did they leave heaven? How can angels and women have sex and bear sons? Who were these Nephilim and Gibborim, and what does it mean that they were on the earth “in those days and also afterwards”?
Some traditions fill these gaps in ways that suggest their derivation and/or cultivation in the setting of biblical exegesis. Nevertheless, the exegetical impulse cannot account for a number of other themes, motifs, and trajectories, which are no less definitive for the body of Jewish and Christian lore surrounding the fallen angels and their sons. In some cases, we can point to other intertexts from the Torah, such as the reference to the Nephilim in Numbers 13 and the material about Azazel in Leviticus 16. But even these do not suffice. For, many of these traditions were clearly shaped by the early and persistent influence of now non-canonical books from Second Temple times, such as the Book of the Watchers and Jubilees. These include much more material about these figures and were, in turn, retold, reinterpreted, excerpted, and expanded by later Jews and Christians.
This is the second sense in which this body of lore can be called “parabiblical”: it is rooted not only in Genesis but also in parabiblical literature — or, in other words, in texts [1] which were written in a similar style, with similar authority claims, and with appeal to biblical heroes, [2] which date well before the closing of the biblical canon, and [3] which seem to have been granted a similar level of authority as biblical books in some communities. Indeed, one cannot understand the references to the fallen angels and Giants in Second Temple Jewish, NT, and early Christian literature, apart some discussion of the Book of the Watchers and Jubilees (and this may also hold true, to some degree, for medieval Judaism and, by extension, early Islam). The Book of the Watchers had a formative and abiding influence on traditions about the fallen angels in particular, as evident in Jubilees itself and in a broad range of other Jewish and Christian writings; for instance, as late as the third century, patristic authors like Origen and Tertullian explicitly cite this “book of Enoch” when discussing angelic descent. Likewise, some treatments of the fallen angels and Giants, as in Lactanius’ Divine Institutes and in the Pseudo-Clementine Homilies, simply make much more sense when read as retellings of Jubilees than as retellings of Genesis. And, as with Genesis, the influence of both texts continued to reinfuse the tradition, in the different ways and different forms.
The body of lore surrounding these antediluvian figures is also “parabiblical” in the sense of running parallel to biblical literature and exegesis. If the totality of the tradition can be likened a river, then its waters do not flow forth only from Genesis; rather, we might better imagine a stream that encompasses Genesis to either side, and before and after, with other rivers winding around and across it too. Just as later traditions about the fallen angels and Giants are influenced by the parabiblical literature of Second Temple Judaism no less than by Genesis, so both may draw from Israelite lore, the ultimate origins of which likely lies before and outside of the Bible.
Although much is lost to us, it may be telling that the “sons of God,” Nephilim, and Gibborim of Genesis and the Watchers and Giants of the Book of the Watchers and Jubilees each resonate, in different ways, with the wayward culture-heroes, corrupting demigods and daimones, and the Giants and Titans of neighboring mythologies. And, even if we are wary to reduce these complex connections to simple arrows of influence, we might well imagine early Jews and Christians as talking in the tones of a shared cultural koine and as participating in a cross-cultural conversation. However much modern scholars may love to speculate about such connections, it is perhaps more significant that we are not the first to think along these lines. We might point, for instance, to Pseudo-Eupolemus’ efforts to correlate Enoch and the Giants with Greek and Babylonian mythology, or to the assimilation of Watchers and Giants to a Hesiodic scheme of primeval history in the first Sibylline Oracle, or to Clement of Alexandria’s use of Promethean metaphors to describe the tainted but true teachings of the fallen angels.
It is in the context of this very wide and long river of tradition, encompassing prebiblical, biblical, extrabiblical, and parabiblical elements, that we might best understand the continued survival of traditions about the Watchers and Giants, even much later, in contexts far removed from biblical exegesis. On the one hand, the major themes and motifs thrive even in communities that do not accept the authority of the Torah, such that Jewish and Christian ideas about Watchers and Giants take on new life in the hands of Manichees and Muslims.
On the other hand, certain trace elements survive in Judaism and Christianity even when and where the “sons of God” are no longer identified as angels. In both Judaism and Christianity, there seem to have been active efforts at suppressing this interpretation, accompanied by the rejection of certain parabiblical texts such as the Book of the Watchers. This happens in classical Rabbinic Judaism beginning around the second century and in most forms of Christianity beginning around the fourth century. Nevertheless, Watchers continue to pop in surprising places, and the two main Watchers of the Book of the Watchers — Asael and Shemihazah — live on in name, even where the connection between the angelic descent myth and the exegesis of Genesis has been severed, and even where the Book of the Watchers is largely lost.
When traditions about the Watchers eventually reemerge and reconnect with biblical interpretation in certain medieval Jewish texts, the traditions are more diffuse and more diversified. There are also notable departures and new developments; in these materials, for instance, we find confusion between Watchers and Nephilim of a sort that has no precedent in earlier Jewish or Christian sources.
Today, however, I’ll stress the similarities across times and traditions, focusing on what is common and what abides. For, in my view, the multiple “parabiblical” settings of the origination, development, and continued circulation of these traditions is what makes this topic particularly rich for our present purposes. As we now turn to survey some of the most prominent and persistent traditions, I would thus like to draw attention to the dynamic interaction between [1] the exegesis and expansion of retrospectively “biblical” texts, on the one hand, and [2] the exegesis and expansion of parabiblical literature, on the other — but also [3] the displacement, recontextualization, and development of ideas from both kinds of books [a] in Jewish and Christian writings (such as histories, chronicles, and Sibylline oracles) with close links to Near Eastern and Greco-Roman traditions, [b] in texts from other religious contexts, such as Islam, in which the books of the Hebrew Bible never had the same status as privileged objects of interpretation, and finally [c] in so-called “magical” materials which might cross or blur creedal boundaries.
These different sources and discourses combine and contribute in different ways to the traditions surrounding the Watchers and to the traditions surrounding the Giants. For the sake of time, I will focus on the former, bringing in the latter mostly for the sake of comparison. For, as we shall see, the angelic fathers and their hybrid sons end up traveling on different paths — although, in the end, the contrast between them may tell us something important about the dynamics of parabiblical traditions.
We begin with the traditions with the closest connections to Gen 6:1-4, namely, those concerning the Watchers’ descent and sexual misdeeds. Our earliest example, the Book of the Watchers, dramatizes their descent to earth in a scene in which 200 of them, led by their chief Shemihazah, take an oath and come down onto Mount Hermon, motivated both by the sight of the women and by the desire to bear children (e.g., 1 En 6:2). Rather poignantly, the text depicts God as condemning the Watchers, not only for defiling themselves with women, but also for giving up their immortality for the chance to reproduce (esp. 1 En 15:3-6).
Most sources, however, focus solely on the sexual. The Watchers are treated as paradigms of human beings led astray by lust and longing, and the angelic descent myth becomes an opportunity to warn men about feminine wiles. Perhaps not surprisingly, such concerns can be found in a very broad range of sources, including Second Temple Jewish texts like the Damascus Document, early Christian writings by Tertullian, Cyprian, and Commodian, and a number of gaonic and medieval midrashim, including Pirke de Rabbi Eliezer, Pesikta Rabbati, and the so-called “Midrash of Shemhazai and Azael” (the last being set of parallel traditions found in Bereshit Rabbati, Yalqut Shimoni, and the Chronicle of Yerahmeel, which some scholars trace to the non-extant Midrash Abkir).
Interestingly, they all make much the same point: If lust can cause angels to stray, then how much more so humans? And if human women can make angels sin, then how more of a threat do they pose to human men? In some texts, such as the Testament of Reuben, the Watchers are drawn to earth by sexual desire, such that women are actually responsible for their fall from heaven. In other sources, such as Jubilees, God sends the Watchers to earth on a positive mission, and they only become corrupted while living among women and men.
Heaven also remains pure of even impure thoughts in a variation of this theme found in the Pseudo-Clementine Homilies and a number of medieval midrashim, whereby the angels themselves ask God to travel down to earth. They are convinced that they can live piously and thereby teach a lesson to us ungrateful and weak-willed humans. In the later Jewish versions, this tradition becomes developed into a full-fledged variation of the common Rabbinic trope of rivalry between angels and humans. Like the angels who contest Adam’s creation and God’s giving of the Torah to Israel in the classical Rabbinic literature, these angels quote Ps 8:5, and they seek to replace humankind. Consistent with the earlier versions of this trope, humanity win out in the end. For all their arrogance, the angels fail their self-made test immediately upon their arrival on the earth, and for all their shortcomings, men are ironically shown to be more capable of resisting the evil inclination.
Even as the speculation about the motivations and modes of angelic descent developed along a number of lines, we thus see a recurrent set of themes and interests. So too with the different descriptions of the actual mating of “sons of God” with “daughters of men.” Particularly as time went on, exegetes seem troubled by the idea of sexual intercourse between angels and humans — whether because they were perplexed by the logistics of mingling fire and flesh, or because they were offended by the idea of God’s own angels as sinning in such an explicitly physical fashion. Some sources get around the problem by stressing the transformative power of sexual desire. Either the angels’ decision to descend led to their devolution into human form, or lust itself caused spirit and fire to transmute into flesh. Alternately, efforts were made to ensure no physical contact at all; in the Testament of Reuben, for instance, the act of mutual seeing is enough to birth Giants.
One thing, however, remains relatively constant. Whether drawn from heaven by lust or captivated by women while on earth, whether sinning through touch or thought or sight, the Watchers’ deed is irreversible. A broad variety of texts make efforts to stress that they can never return home to heaven. Some sources, in fact, treat this as part of their punishment for abandoning their heavenly posts and defiling themselves through desire. The Pseudo-Clementine Homilies describe them as bound in impure bodies after their sin. Likewise, in a tradition found within the prologue to Aggadat Bereshit, the story ends with the angels begging to return home and God telling them that it is too late.
Of course, a whole host of other texts speak of their binding in more than mere flesh. Discussions of the imprisonment and punishment of the fallen angels represent a significant component in the tradition as a whole, particular in Second Temple Judaism. In the Book of the Watchers, God is depicted as sending his archangels to imprison Asael in darkness and to bind Shemihazah and his hosts in the valleys of the earth until the days of judgment (10:4-8, 11-15); moreover, consistent with their desire to reproduce, they are also forced to watch the death of the Giants born of their impure union with women. Later in the same text, however, Enoch travels to a place where there is neither heaven above nor earth below, to what is called the “end of heaven and earth,” and there he sees “the prison for the stars and the host of heaven,” and he sees a place where “the heavens come to an end” where stand the “angels who mingled with women” (18:10, 12; 19:1).
Accordingly, some later sources depict as the Watchers as bound below, while others show them as suspended above — although in both cases they tend to await future judgment in fire. The Epistle of Jude, which clearly knows and uses the Book of the Watchers, states that these angels are “kept in eternal chains in deepest darkness for the judgment of the great day” (Jude 6). Most of the relevant Christian sources, starting already with 2 Peter and Irenaeus, follow Jude in this regard. We also find versions of this trope within medieval Judaism; in the Zohar, for instance, the fallen angels are bound in “the mountains of Kedem” of Numbers 23, to which men now travel to learn sorcery.
Examples of punishment in realms above include 2 Enoch, in which Enoch meets the Watchers sad and silent in the fifth heaven (2 En 18). Likewise in the medieval material about the death of Moses appended to the end of Deuteronomy Rabbah, Moses refers to them as suspended between the earth and the Firmament. And, interestingly, Shemhazai himself chooses this punishment as penance in the so-called “Midrash of Shemhazai and Azael.”
In contrast to traditions about the descent and sexual sins of the Watchers, these traditions have no clear biblical basis. Ideas about the Watchers’ punishments seem to follow from the conflicting options set forth in the Book of the Watchers, each of which developed in different directions. The lack of any biblical referent proves especially important to note insofar as these ideas are no less widespread than those surrounding their sexual misdeeds. In fact, in Second Temple and New Testament literature, they play just as important a part in the treatment of the Watchers as paradigms of the human wicked. Just as the traditions about their sexual sins show that even angels could fall prey to lust, so traditions about their imprisonment and future destruction underline the inevitability of fair retribution. In the process of filling in the punishment missing from the biblical description of sin, these sources show that not even God’s own angels are exempt from divine justice.
There is also no biblical basis for another major cluster of traditions about the Watchers, namely, those about their teachings. As with traditions about their punishment, a diverse set of views about their teachings seems to sprout from the seeds first planted by the Book of the Watchers. In the Book of the Watchers, sorcery, spells, and root-cutting are associated with the Watchers as a group and with Shemihazah and Hermoni in particular. To Asael is attributed instruction in metalworking for making weapons of war and jewelry, the means to mine and work precious stones, and the creation of dyes and cosmetics. And, finally, divination from different celestial bodies is traced to the teachings of a list of angels with names like Kokabel, Shamsiel, and Sahriel.
The only element without a rich afterlife of its very own is metalworking for the sake of making weapons. The others are each developed, and their implications explored. As we might expect from the general interest in Watchers and women, their association with feminine finery is as common as it is enduring. Depending on how we reconstruct 1 Enoch 8:1, the Book of the Watchers may even imply that it was Asael’s instruction in artificial beautification that empowered women to tempt the other angels down from heaven. In any case, this connection lies behind the references to angelic temptation and descent in the Book of Dreams, Testament of Reuben, and 2 Baruch. Cosmetics, in other words, become both cause and result of angelic sin. Likewise, later authors such as Tertullian and Cyprian would eagerly build upon the association of these arts with the fallen angels in order to discourage women from falsely enhancing their appearance. They readily expand the list of teachings to include types of womanly ostentation current in their own day — as well as citing the Watchers’ wives, alongside the tempted temptress Eve, to expound upon what they saw as the natural connection between women, deception, and the demonic.
The popularity of this particular set of traditions is also clear from the fact that elements endure even when and where the “sons of God” of Genesis have been demoted from angels to men. For instance: in those Syriac Christian and Rabbinic Jewish sources that take the “sons of God” to be sons of Seth and the “daughters of men” to be daughters of Cain, we still find Cainite women condemned for using cosmetics to attract the Sethite men. Sometimes, as in the Cave of the Treasures, the sight of the Cainite women causes the Sethite men to descend from a high mountain like the Watchers in the Book of the Watchers; and, moreover, like the fallen angels of later tradition, these men are unable to ascend again after lust contaminates their purity.
When angelic readings of Gen 6:1-4 reemerge again in medieval Judaism, we find combinations whereby angels are tempted by Cainite women with “eyes painted like harlots.” Perhaps more surprisingly, sources associated with the so-called “Midrash of Shemhazai and Azael” even preserve a lingering trace of Asael’s ancient association with these arts; Azael is there described as the “chief of dyes and the ornaments of women, by which they entice men to unclean thoughts of sin.”
No less widespread is the association of the Watchers with “magical” and divinatory practices — and particularly with the revelation of secret knowledge about the stars and other celestial phenomona. In Second Temple Judaism, this line of tradition is less prominent than one might expect, such that the main examples are the Book of Watchers and two texts that are very closely aligned to it, namely, Jubilees and the Similitudes. Other examples, however, can be found throughout early Christianity as well as within medieval Judaism, and this connection seems to live on in early Islamic traditions about Harut and Marut.
Just as the material about the temptation of fallen angels resonates with a broader discourse about women’s wiles, women’s lies, and the intersections of feminine and demonic power, so the ideas about fallen angels as teachers of sorcery and divination were shaped in various ways by Greco-Roman associations between daimones and magic, on the one hand, and cross-cultural connections between angels and stars, on the other.
A number of authors hold the Watchers directly responsible for introducing everything deemed “magical” in their particular times and places. Thus, the Watchers’ curriculum grows to include practices such as necromancy, soothsaying, and witchcraft. Likewise, we find statements asserting their continued link with sorcerers and Magi, even long after the Flood. We noted already how the Zohar depicts them teaching even in the place of their imprisonment. The Similitudes and Lactanius go even further. Consistent with the assimilation of the fallen angels to daimones and demons, they placing these figures at the very source of the power that makes “magic” work.
Insofar as cosmetics emblematize the gap between appearance and reality, the association of those arts with the fallen angels does not really raise any epistemological questions. By contrast, revelations about sorceries and divination beg the question of whether the Watchers’ fallen status necessarily renders their teachings as false or sinful. What is the precise relationship, in other words, between their angelic and heavenly past and the value, truth, and efficacy of what they reveal on earth?
Some, such as Justin Martyr and the Pseudo-Clementines, make clear that their revelations contain nothing true or divine. They explicitly deem them as demonic and even associate them with false worship. In each case, the fallen angels and their sons are linked to idolatry and polytheism, as both teachers and subjects of false worship, such that these practices are conflated with sorcery. Consistent with polemics against idolatry, the apparent efficacy of divination and the dark arts is here dismissed as an illusion — a trick or test intended to tempt gullible men away from true salvation.
Other sources, however, betray some ambivalence on this point. Even as they depict the Watchers as sinful and their teachings as corrupting, they simultaneously seem to revel in the idea of this forbidden knowledge as true secrets, wrongly revealed, which retain something of the power of their heavenly point of origin. This tension, for instance, may help to explain the strange list of teachings in the Similitudes, which ends with a revelation to the reader of the hidden Name that governs the very order of the cosmos. The Zohar, at a much later time, can explicitly embrace this tension. Even as sorcery is there treated as improper, the fallen angels’ teachings of these skills are described with the image of them as discussing “celestial matters of which they had previously gained knowledge in the world above” and as “talk(ing) about the holy world in which they used to live.”
This general logic may lie latent in earlier discussions of the fallen angels, and their knowledge about the stars in particular. It makes sense that these former inhabitants of heaven might know and teach about the physical contents of the skies in which they once dwelt. Accordingly, astrology, cosmology, and even calendrical astronomy can be commonly found in lists of their teachings, ranging from the Book of the Watchers and Jubilees to the Christian chronographical sources preserved by George Syncellus.
Even more intriguing are some later Jewish sources, in which we find the same connection articulated in terms of the twin interest in adjuration and ascent within early Jewish mysticism: In 3 Enoch, the fallen angels teach knowledge about how to bring the sun, moon, and stars down to earth. And, in the so-called “Midrash of Shemhazai and Azael,” they have knowledge about how to send people up to heaven. In each case, the knowledge may be tainted by its mode of transmission, but it is obviously efficacious. In fact, in the latter, Shemhazai is tricked into teaching a woman named Esterah how to ascent to heaven, only to have her use this knowledge to escape from his own grasp.
In some cases, the instruction motif is used simply to posit the heavenly origins of certain types of knowledge. When Zosimus associates the fallen angels with Alchemy, the implications are purely positive. Fallen or not, what matters here is that the inventors of this art are angelic. Although Clement of Alexander mounts a lengthy argument to explain how it can be that evil teachers sometimes teach true things, he also makes much the same point. Apparently answering certain opponents who condemned pagan philosophy as the teachings of the fallen angels, he appropriates the trope and turns it into a proof for philosophy’s heavenly pedigree. As in Greek mythology, bad culture-heroes can teach good things, just as good ones can teach bad things. Likewise, the association of certain arts with the fallen angels is far from univalent, allowing for negative and positive connotations, as well as a very powerful and poignant ambivalence.
Consistent with the theme of prosopography, we should also note how the names of certain Watchers travel across different traditions. Most notable in this regard are the two main figures in the Book of the Watchers, namely, Asael and Shemihazah. In the bulk of Second Temple Jewish sources, the fallen angels remain unnamed; likewise, they are almost always anonymous in early Christian literature. They reemerge, however, in later materials, in ways that demonstrate the persistence of parabiblical traditions, even when displaced from their original settings and contexts, but also their flexibility. In some Syriac Christian traditions, for instance, Shemihazah retains his status as the leader of the “sons of God,” even as these “sons of God” have become mere humans. In the Talmud and medieval Jewish literature, he is remembered as a father of the Giants, even as traditions about these figures have shifted their center from Genesis 6 to the discussion of Nephilim, Anakim, and other large yet human inhabitants of the Promised Land in Numbers and Deuteronomy.
No less surprising is the fact that we find a number of variations of the name of Asael in later Jewish texts, including midrashic but also magical and mystical materials. In the magical and mystical materials, figures with variations of the name Asael become heavenly angels complaining about humans, as well as archangels who protect the owners of certain magical bowls and amulets. Some association between Watchers, magic, and sorcery still remains — even as Asael is let back into heaven. In medieval midrashim, this figure is still fallen, but he is split into pairs or triplets of angels with similar names. Whereas Second Temple Jewish and early Christian traditions see the fallen angels as a really big group, all of the medieval Jewish traditions about angelic descent are attached to small sets of angels like [1] Azza, Uzza, and Azael in 3 Enoch, [2] Uzza and Uzael in Aggadat Bereshit, and [3] Uzza and Azael in the Zohar. In some sources, including Targum Pseudo-Jonathan, Azael is even paired again with his old friend Shemihazah.
These twins or triplets are, in turn, associated with the figure of Azazel from Leviticus 16. Already in the Second Temple period, we find variations on the name Asael whereby he becomes assimilated to this mysterious figure to whom was sent the scapegoat sacrifice. Likewise, they are grouped in an enigmatic and unexplained reference in the Talmud, which explains the name of Azazel in terms of him atoning for the deeds of Uza and Azael. After the reemergence of the angelic reading of Gen 6:1-4 in medieval Judaism, we also find explicit efforts to identify Azael and Azazel.
Interestingly, the conflation of the two seems to underlie Islamic traditions about Azazil, often identified as one of the names of Iblis (i.e., Satan). Particularly striking are traditions that specify “Azazil” as the name of Iblis prior to his fall — thereby attesting an interesting harmonization of the heavenly Azael of Jewish magic and the fallen Azael of Jewish midrash. Likewise, just as Christian authors like Augustine made efforts to transfer traditions about the anonymous apostate angels of the antediluvian age onto Lucifer and other angels at Creation, so we find much the same move, albeit much later, in Islam.
Until now, we haven’t really discussed the other major feature of the Watchers, namely, their fathering of Giants. This feature does have a biblical basis, and (as should be clear from the handout and suggested readings) the Giants also inspired a wealth of parabiblical lore. For our limited time and purposes, however, what proves most relevant is the fact that the body of lore about the Giants reflects a somewhat different relationship between biblical exegesis and parabiblical traditions. A contrast between the two thus provides an apt means for us to wrap up our survey, with an eye to the broader issue of parabiblical prosopography.
Biblical and parabiblical traditions about the Watchers are rather unified during the Second Temple and early Christianity, supplementing one another and filling each other’s gaps. They later split in Rabbinic Judaism and late antique Christianity, only to rejoin again in certain later Jewish contexts, albeit in different and more diffuse forms. This reemergence of these traditions is part of a broader resurgence of interest in the parabiblical literature of Second Temple times within certain medieval Jewish circles and is likely connected to the “back-borrowing” of some so-called “pseudepigrapha” from Christians. In addition, the resurgence of interest in the Watchers seems somehow connected with an interest in fallen angels in early Islam — although the connections are surely complex, and the arrows of influence and causality surely travel in both directions.
With the Giants, we find a different pattern. Beginning already in the early period, there are two separate streams of tradition, and only one of them is closely aligned to traditions about the Watchers. The differences between the two center on different ways to understand the Gibborim as being on the earth “in those days, and also afterwards.” One answer is provided by the Book of the Watchers and Jubilees. Here, the spirits of the Giants became the demons that now roam the earth, tempting humankind and even, at the behest of their fathers, taking on the forms of false gods to whom idols are raised and sacrifices offered. Although once quite popular among Christian authors, these traditions seem to have become gradually absorbed into a more general and generic demonology, such that the precise identity and pedigree of these particular demons was largely lost.
The other stream is shaped by Numbers 13, which gives a very different account of the fate of the Nephilim after the Flood, associating them with the Anakim. Thus the sons of the “sons of God” become one of a number of different kinds of superhumanly big men who inhabit the Promised Land. This option has the benefit of interpreting Scripture from Scripture, which became more important as time went on.
Moreover, it may be due to this stream of traditions that the growth of traditions about the Giants does not seem to have been slowed by the adoption of the euhemeristic interpretations of Gen 6:1-4. Indeed, even in the Torah, figures like the Anakim were already somewhere in between the natural and the supernatural. This, in fact, this seems to be part of the point. These figures are marvelous and monstrous, but they are still made of flesh, and live on earth, and dwell in the realm of history — and they are, moreover, capable of dying at the hands of men. Accordingly, their ranks readily grew to include more stories and more figures, even at times when traditions about their angelic fathers survived in disparate traces. But, just as different elements of the evolving image of Asael are combined in the idea of Azazil as Iblis, so the alternate views of the Giants also reemerge in unexpected places, even far later than we might expect. In the Anglo-Saxon epic Beowulf, for instance, we even find them with their doubled nature as demons and marvelous men almost in tact. Grendel, the famous monster of this tale, traces his genealogy back to Cain. Hence, here too, we find a strange twist on euhemeristic and supernatural approaches to the “sons of God” and their hybrid progeny, attesting yet again to the continued fertility and surprising complexity of parabiblical texts and traditions.
D027768/03 P A R L E G O U V E R N E M E N T, À L A S S E M B L É E N A T I O N A L E E T A U S É N A T.
If you have found this useful and would like to support our work please consider making a small donation.
If the SELECT, JOIN and WHERE clauses are the same across different databases with the same naming schema, is there a more efficient way of writing this query and improve performance? thanks
Not really. You might look at using 'UNION ALL' instead of 'UNION' - but that changes the functionality and may/may not be valid in your situation.
One other possibility (and it is only a possibility): if you know that one of those tables cannot contain data that meets the WHERE clause then define a check constraint as appropriate. With that in place the optimiser will typically not access the table at all.
This is most often the case when the three tables have data from different date ranges (let's says different years) and the query only needs data from one or two of those years. With check constraints (or possibly PPI) defined on each table you will often find that only 2 out of 3 tables are accessed.
It works for me, change to 'UNION All' can speed up the extraction duration, and add in CHECK Clause can also enhance the performance!
Recently I had to transfer tables from our production Teradata system to the development system. When I transferred the data to several tables with the exact same DDL, the table size was dramatically smaller. The production tables are around 2 years old and get changes daily. Anyone have any idea why I would see such large changes in the size of the tables?
There was one table that was 1TB in size. I pulled 30% (expecting around 300GB) and it came in at about 150 GB. All the data was there. Neither source nor destination table had secondary indices and the DDL was identical.
I know you said the DDL was identical but might want to check for fallback between the two environments.
Webinars "How-to" find and use our data Create your own Community Report How CDP members use community data CCSD Publications External Data Resources
Vision: Naturally beautiful, offering an exceptional lifestyle. Mission: Providing responsible, efficient and effective services.
The Rideau-Rockcliffe Community Resource Centre was created in 1982. We provide a range of social supports and services that enable the empowerment of residents, community resilience, and the inclusion of all. Our vision is a secure, dignified, and rewarding life for all residents of Rideau-Rockcliffe.
Hello ! Everyone, Wellcome to my channel. My channels made Video about Knowledge Technology For Car.In this video you will see Second hand cars for sale details. These used cars are in really... [ ]
Imagine how good it would be if potential used car buyers could properly peruse stock online to assess suitability without dragging yourself out of a nice warm home. [ ]
I hope you all will benefit of this clip and it will help you buying used car safely. Good Luck. If it help you in anyway then please don't forget to click on... [ ]
Mercedes-BenzA Mercedes-Benz AMG GT S.A car insurance premium is the rate an owner pays to activate an insurance policy, which protects them against accidents, [ ]
DANGEROUS DIXIES USED CAR EMPORIUM is a fictional dealership, set within the role-play driven lets plays of Jacemachine and his amazing friends. This sneak peak is from a work that is in production... [ ]
http://www.communitychrysler.com | 855-533-7163 The Lincoln LS is a mid-size, rear-wheel drive executive sedan that was sold by Lincoln. For its production run from 1999 until 2006, it was based on the Ford DEW98... [ ]
Hello ! Everyone, Wellcome to my channel. My channels Mad Video about Knowledge Technology For Car.In this video you will see Second hand cars for sale details. These used cars are in really... [ ]
Keeping up appeances, come to my place my old queenslander castle, the paint is gone and the side is dented in (Google that song), my used car (starting to look the same way)... [ ]
Looking for an approved used car? Pop down to Hardie of Stirling this weekend and enjoy additional savings on our fantastic prices and extra offers during our USED CAR - YOU SELECT - EVENT. Hurray,... [ ]
Former 19 Kids and Counting star Josh Duggar continues his post-TLC and post-DC career as a used car salesman, and he just got some good news from the Washington County Planning and Zoning... [ ]
Jewels Rossallini-Coker is a Blockchain entrepreneur, cryptocurrency investor and futurist. In 2018, she was named a Woman Thought Leader for Strategic Advisory Services in Cryptocurrencies and Blockchain and awarded a place on the... [ ]
We offer a wide selection of vehicles and hope to make the car buying process as quick and hassle free as possible. [ ]
Paramus Chevrolet November Certified Pre-Owned | New Jersey New & Used Car Dealer (click to see stats)
"BLOOD, SWEAT, TEARS, SUGAR"  How high school soccer coach Ian Kelley leveraged social media and all-around resourcefulness to turn an abandoned used-car dealership into the Sugar Shack Donuts... [ ]
CLOSE Looking to buy a new or used car? If you don't ask for these incentives, you're missing out. USA TODAYAverage used-car prices topped $20,000 in the third quarter, according to Edmunds.(Photo: Thinkstock)Americans... [ ]
~ From the comments: Remember ,in 2019, Kick Jason, and his "Used Car Party" to the curb,and Vote Rachel and the NDP. ! [ ]
kind of a down day. checked out some local car lot and local cars. went to a superautobacs! and made it to ebisu JOIN THE PATREON! https://www.patreon.com/tommyfyeah Want to help support the channel?... [ ]
Although you want to make your current ride one that everyone will be jealous of, it might make more sense to get a used car. [ ]
SELLING your used car online isn’t always easy as attracting a genuine buyer willing to pay the asking price can be tough. Trawl through the thousands of second-hand motors listed on Auto Tra…
Register Here to Post Free Article Please Verify Your Account Before you submit your article Travelled down the road and back again Travelled down the road and back again
Sign up to our newsletter and get exclusive deals you will not find anywhere else straight to your inbox!
The SERTRONIC Line purifiers have been developped to fulfill our clients’ needs in a wide variety of industrial fields.
The SERTRONIC Line makes it possible to purify industrial gases by catalysis and adsorption with a molecular sieve.
The working conditions range from an output of a few Nl/h to several thousand Nm3/h, with an operating pressure ranging from 1 atmosphere to 350 barg.
Usually skid-mounted, the SERTRONIC Line purifiers are entirely automated for a 24/24 production. In order to simplify the use and supervision of the purifiers, the operation is done through a touch sceen integretated to the command control coffer.
Every SERTRONIC Line purifier is designed and built according to the current European Standards DESP CE97/23, ATEX CE94/9, thus ensuring optimum safety for our users .
Access to a community of over 35,000 imagineers to collaborate with, buy from, sell and socialize with
After acceptance, connect with 35,000 Servcorp clients globally, one of the world’s largest business communities. List your business to sell to and buy from, and enjoy many other features including articles, member forums, social events and VIP treatment.
Use our 5-star address as your corporate address for additional $150 per month (subject to qualification)
Local 312 phone number and receptionist to answer for additional $150 per month, (includes $150 in free calls)
444 W Lake Street is a prime A Grade tower located in the west loop of Chicago's bussiness district. Built in 2016, River Point is a 52-story tower with a striking design by Pickard Chilton. The nearly column-free floor plates in each of the three elevator rises will features floor to ceiling glass with panoramic views of the Chicago River and skyline. Tenants and visitors can enjoy the convenience of many on-site retailers and services, including a fitness center, a building conference center, a white tablecloth restaurant and several retail options.
Many of Chicago's landmark attractions - including the Chicago riverwalk, French market, Magnificent mile, Chicago theatre are just a stroll away. In-house amenities include concierge, secure bike storage, showers, change rooms, lockers and secure car park. Building occupants include McDermott Will & Emery, DLA Piper, Mead Johnson nutrition. Located within minutes walking to CTA and the Clake/Lake 'L', this building offers excellent transport connections.
Dedicated bilingual receptionist to greet callers in your company name and transfer according to your instructions
Situated in the Opera district on Square Edouard VII between l'Opéra, La Madeleine and Place Vendôme, the historical Edouard VII is the most high-prestige commercial complex in central Paris. Its district near the Paris Opera House is a focal point for financial firms, legal communities and airlines. Its night-time atmosphere is one of bustling theatre crowds and diners who have a vast array of choices in the up-market restaurant district.
The Edouard VII Conference Centre houses an array of luxurious, state-of-the-art boardrooms and meeting rooms, along with an amphitheatre than can cater for 110 people.
Auber subway station ( RER A ) or 3 minutes walk from the Opéra station ( Line 8 ) or 10 minutes walk from St Lazare Train Station.
Servcorp's telephone answering service means a dedicated virtual receptionist answering your business calls from any location.
If your business requires an operational business line with a local telephone number and dedicated receptionist, you need our telephone answering service.
Servcorp offer a live telephone answering service ensuring you capture all of your business opportunities with a friendly, professional dedicated receptionist.
• Receptionist looks after answering and forwarding your calls promptly and professionally to anywhere in the world
We pride ourselves on providing state of the art technological solutions for today's global market community.
Easy, no lock-in contracts and convenient online sign up mean your telephone answering service could be up and running in just a matter of minutes.
• No security deposit required: When signing up online with your credit card there's additional security deposit required
• Flexible membership rates: Our rates include easy month to month contract arrangements you can manage online
Discover the benefits of a full virtual office with Servcorp offering business address packages which allow local, prestigious addresses across the globe and access to superior, fully trained in-house support team to ensure your business' office requirements are completely covered.
Servcorp's Virtual Office Services are the smart and cost effective solution for managing your business' administrative requirements. Let us worry about the details while you get on with the business of expanding your company without expensive overhead costs.
Servcorp can provide you with an address that will secure your client's respect and trust. Our business address package offers a range of convenient features at affordable monthly rates, including a prestigious head office location, and mail and courier management services.
Make sure your business never misses a call with a Servcorp receptionist providing a full call answering and forwarding service. Our live call answering service offers you the flexibility to capture all your important business calls from any external location without the cost of maintaining a full time receptionist.
Take advantage of Servcorp's premium address and mail forwarding package designed to provide flexible options for mobile operations. Our team ensure your packages, letters and faxes get where they need to be no matter which state, territory or continent you may be travelling through.
If your business requires an operational business line with a local telephone number and dedicated receptionist, you need our telephone answering service. Our live telephone answering service ensuring you capture all of your business opportunities with a friendly, professional dedicated receptionist.
I decided to cancel Grade 1 religious education classes for December 17th due to the adverse weather forecast of possibly heavy snow and sleet Saturday morning. It is unfortunate, because we had planned a fun Christmas celebration for the children on our last day together before the Winter Break.
As a consolation, I uploaded a picture book and video retelling of the Nativity story and a simple ornament activity to our OneDrive account for the children to do at home. Please watch the video (about 30 min) or read the book with your child and and help him or her to draw and decorate a nativity scene ornament using the activity sheet or a round piece of white paper. Take a picture of the ornament and send it to us at stpatreled@parishmail.com – we will post it on our website!
Click on the picture link to access the resources. Feel free to download the book (pdf) and video (mp4) to your tablet or phone.
Also, don’t forget to mark the date of the Grade 1 Church tour on your calendar. We will be meeting for the tour on January 7th in the Upper Church at 8:30 am – Yes! That is a half hour earlier than our regular class time in order to avoid any possible conflicts with funerals that may need to be performed that day. I look forward to seeing you all then!
Finally, the Winter Break assignment is an important part of your child’s religious education. If you did not receive the packet by email or have any questions about it, please contact our office. You can also stop by to pick up a hard-copy of the instructions and printouts if needed.
All students in Grades 7 & 8 must complete their Unit Assessments online at our Homework Site. Click the Green button to get started! Homework Site
More than one hundred children and teens journeyed to ancient Egypt and relived the Old Testament story of Joseph while participating in Vacation Bible School (VBS) at Saint Patrick Parish during the week of July 19. Teen volunteers recreated an Egyptian scene complete with Pharaoh’s palace, a pyramid, and ancient marketplace. 70 VBS campers, ranging in age from 4 to 10, first met Joseph in an Egyptian prison after he was sold into slavery by his jealous brothers.
Throughout the week, Joseph, portrayed by parishioner Ren Tocci, told the children stories of how he, through faith and God’s guidance, discovered he had the ability to interpret Pharaoh’s dreams foretelling years of abundance followed by famine in Egypt. Pharaoh rewarded Joseph by giving him an important job in the palace. With the power of this new position, Joseph could have taken revenge on his brothers who came to him for help during the years of terrible famine. Instead, Joseph forgave his brothers and brought his entire family to Egypt to be safe with him.
Accompanied by their teen leaders each day, campers sang songs, played Egyptian games and visited the ancient marketplace where they tried their skills as apprentices making baskets, designing jewelry, and writing in hieroglyphics. At the food market, the children snacked on Egyptian delicacies such as dried fruit, breads, and roasted “snake” (which tasted surprisingly like Italian sausage!). Day by day, campers erected a pyramid built by bricks on which they wrote their personal “God sightings,” moments in their lives when they felt God’s loving presence. The week ended with parents and grandparents invited to view a slideshow of all the fun and the children singing a camp song for parishioners at the Family Mass on Sunday.
cheaper Timberland | Brattleboro Chukka with C - Marine | Women Shoes, On the internet discount Low cost Sales 56%. - £82.33
Our admissions process is tailored to each family, and our friendly team will guide you through each step to help make your child’s transition to St Peter’s as smooth as possible.
Admission to St Peter’s is by way of interview with a member of our senior leadership team. By getting to know you and your child, we are able to work together to enable your child to reach their full potential. There is no entry examination, however your child will be chosen based on their positive attitude, academic and co-curricular contributions to our school community.
Whilst the majority of our students enrol for the start of each academic year, we always welcome new students to St Peter’s and are happy to hear from you at any time.
If you would like to arrange to visit specific departments or meet with staff regarding a particular opportunity, we recommend booking a personalised tour.
At St Peter’s we welcome prospective families to open days throughout the year. Open days are a good chance to experience our school environment and meet our staff and students.
If you are unable to make these dates, or would like to come and look around St Peter’s, we encourage you to contact us and book in for a private tour.
Individual tours are offered all year round, Monday-Friday, and can usually be arranged on a date and time to suit you.
Our website uses Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel to help us monitor traffic and understand how visitors engage with our content. We use information from these remarketing services, which is collected and received through cookies and web beacons, to help display relevant Google Adwords, Google Display, and Facebook adverts to you across the internet, tailored based on which pages you browse on our website. These services do not collect or reveal any personally identifiable information. We respect your privacy and do not link any personal information which you send us to information gathered from other websites. If you would like to opt out of receiving tailored adverts, online services such as DAA or NAI can help you configure your internet privacy settings. Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
Current School Year Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7 Year 8 Year 9 Year 10 Year 11 Year 12 Year 13 Year 13 Other
Monthly drop in meditation held at Stress Resources (97 Lowell Rd, Concord). $20 per session Please pre-register by emailing Pam pressler@stressresources.com
Reggio Calabria: presentata l'iniziativa “A scuola con il Geologo", intervista al presidente dell'Ordine dei geologi Aliperta
aiohow.entertaining is just not chargeable for third party website written content. It is illegal that you should distribute copyrighted information with no permission. The media data files you obtain with aiohow.entertaining has to be for time shifting, personal, non-public, non commercial use only and take away the data files following listening.
Just before that it absolutely was dominated in numerous periods by local kings and numerous imperial powers. The ancient history of your area comprising current-day Pakistan also involves some of the oldest from the names of empires of South Asia and a few of its main civilizations.
we acquired the offer two several hours back .....we are extremely content and thrilled with all your items and our gratitude and ou ...
That is Salat Guide and Discovering book in PDF format free of charge down load read offline or analyze on the web. Totally free obtain Islamic Urdu books effortlessly and one particular simply click without any problems.
Could Allah SWT. Shower barakat above both you and your people ...your do the job and energy is profoundly appreciated too a ...
Within this novels you read the description of mehmood ghaznavi and following that the muslim everyday living. implies who devote the everyday living up to now era. much more facts in the above picture demonstrated.
Fascinating news! At your fingertips is an opportunity to acquire $3,OOO,OOO.OO that may flip your desire of a fresh household into a reality! Let's be honest?a chance to make dreams come true would not occur along normally.
SYNLawn® yard Placing greens offer you golf fanatics the incredibly uncommon chance to carry the sport they love dwelling. Our golf greens are produced from artificial grass products which appear and Enjoy like the actual issue.
For animal urine, use a mix of white distilled vinegar in an equal number of water. Make sure you flush extensively and vacuum any excessive Resolution.
Playground Grass™ – Developed with little ones’s safety in mind, this artificial turf is ASTM security rated as much as 13 ft To optimize basic safety all-around high products.
Which kind of artificial grass would you prefer to put in? Exactly what is the approximate dimensions of the world you want to to install the synthetic grass? Thoughts & Inspiration from Austin Landscaping Companies
In case your browser would not ask you, check out these ways: At the very best of your respective Chrome window, close to the World-wide-web deal with, click on the eco-friendly lock labeled Protected.
An excellent contractor is like a fantastic mechanic: uncover the best 1 and you'll have a companion in property enhancement For many years to come. Find out more Emergency Repairs
Weeds can nonetheless improve in the dust or rotted leaves which will accumulate; so, you’ll have to invest time blowing or raking.
We experienced two sections from the backyard lined in artificial turf by ToughLawn. They were being super courteous and Skilled. The install went quite sleek and also the… read more four. Magnolia Turf Enterprise
The out of doors spot of one's Business office or industrial facility needs to be attractive and inviting. SYNLawn® Austin installs artificial grass that increases the glance of your respective business spot yr-round.
! My backyard has become introduced again to everyday living! Chris and his men were being simple to work with, pretty Qualified and responsive to my wants. Great high-quality! Thank you… read additional 7. Turfscape
We don't recommend driving more than our turf rolls, but you can generate over our turf rolls on occasion. Provided that you Really don't peel out, your turf will be fantastic and would just need to be re-fluffed having a broom. Inquire a matter
If you reside inside of a small-h2o location, or in the event you’re just Bored with regular lawn maintenance, you’re in great organization.
Made from the very best high-quality synthetic resources while in the company. With so many selections, we are certain to get the proper artificial grass for just about each and every application in a value that’s good for you!
This pro will give an estimate when you go over the main points of one's challenge in particular person. If you choose to rent this Professional for the job, you will agree on last pricing ahead of any get the job done commences - and you may never ever fork out before It can be carried out. You more info happen to be on top of things. Pricing & Payment Data Vacation Cost: $ for every trip
This is my second visit with The Comb Hair Salon. Thanks to Ryan for always amaze me with the result. This time round, I finally have the courage to go under some hair damaging of getting the color that I always wanted. "Ash Grey"! Honestly, although the treatment is damaging, but I did not regret bleaching it because the color came out was so nice! I wanted even lighter grey but my hair is too fine to go thru more bleaching. People like me who have really fine hair are kinda unfortunate thou. Anyway, I am pretty satisfied with my hair color now!
Oh wait, when I mentioned "hair damaging" it's not like my hair will be extremely frizzly and dry. But hey, you guys should know hair bleaching is gonna be drying, right? Of course, hair treatment will be needed!
You can quote me <Chloe> to get 20% ala carte off (valid for senior hair stylist only). Also they are having a promo for guys! $80 for hair and color of scalp treatment!
This quasi-experimental research was designed to study the effectiveness of a healtheducation program applying group process on Dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention and controlbehaviors of public health volunteers in Phra Nakhon Sri Ayutthaya Province. The selected healthbehaviors consisted of knowledge of Dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention and control, attitude ofDengue hemorrhagic fever prevention and control and practice of Dengue hemorrhagic fever preventionand control.
The samples were volunteers in Phra Nakhon Sri Ayutthaya District, Phra Nakhon Sri AyutthayaProvince. Thirty-five volunteers from Pakkran Subdistrict were selected as the experimental group andthirty-five volunteers from Hantra Subdistrict were selected as the control group. Those two subdistrictswere selected by purposive sampling.
The data were collected by using questionnaires. Pre-test was made on the experimental groupone week before applying the program, then post-test was made two weeks after applying the program.The data were analyzed by using percentage distribution, arithmetic mean, standard deviation, t-test(dependent), t-test (Independent) and ANCOVA method.
1. After using the health education program applying group process, the experimental grouphad significantly better knowledge, attitude and practice on Dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention andcontrol behaviors than before having the health education program at .05 level.
2. After using the health education program applying group process, the experimental grouphad significantly better knowledge, attitude and practice on Dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention andcontrol behaviors than those without the health education program at .05 level.
es.ehkn.net is presently hosted by Exclusive Hosting and is administered via the finest Domain Manager you can chance upon on the web hosting marketplace these days. Through this terrific multi-select and multi-action Top Level Domain manipulation tool you can: register domains, transfer domains, park domains, modify your domains' Whois details, protect your top level domain names' classified Whois information, renew domain names and Whois privacy packages, register your own personal Name Servers, set up your own Domain Name Server whenever you like, edit DNS records (A, MX, AAAA, etc.), park your domains and, at last, the most important of all - you can simply host your domains and make them accessible from all over the World! Below is a listing of the domain names that can be registered or transferred.
29 30 31 1 Thursday, 1 November 2018	 2 Friday, 2 November 2018	 3 Saturday, 3 November 2018	 4 Sunday, 4 November 2018
5 Monday, 5 November 2018	 6 Tuesday, 6 November 2018	 7 Wednesday, 7 November 2018	 8 Thursday, 8 November 2018	 9 Friday, 9 November 2018	 10 Saturday, 10 November 2018
12 Monday, 12 November 2018	 13 Tuesday, 13 November 2018	 14 Wednesday, 14 November 2018	 15 Thursday, 15 November 2018	 16 Friday, 16 November 2018	 17 Saturday, 17 November 2018	 18 Sunday, 18 November 2018
19 Monday, 19 November 2018	 20 Tuesday, 20 November 2018	 21 Wednesday, 21 November 2018	 22 Thursday, 22 November 2018	 23 Friday, 23 November 2018	 24 Saturday, 24 November 2018	 25 Sunday, 25 November 2018
26 Monday, 26 November 2018	 27 Tuesday, 27 November 2018	 28 Wednesday, 28 November 2018	 29 Thursday, 29 November 2018	 30 Friday, 30 November 2018	 1 2
the Collection of video-galleries on themes "cummung shemales", "bodybuilder shemales", "black shemales tube", "dominant shemales and submissive men", "date shemales without credit card infformation" many other things!
New sample video #848 - and fast search "wblonde shemales rapid share" from "black shemales xxx", "boys shemales" and "black owned shemales"
New sample video #897 - and revue "black shemales online" from "creamfilled shemales", "double shemales penetration" and "brazilian shemales"
New sample video #488 - and inspection "cartoons shemales" from "black shemales xxx-rated sex", "date shemales without credit card infformation" and "chinnese shemales"
New sample video #341 - and first search "donkey dick shemales" from "black shemales in jail", "crazy shemales" and "dogs fucking shemales"
New sample video #253 - and last search "brazilian shemales free videos" from "bodybuilders and shemales", "can shemales have both orgasms" and "crossdressers and shemales"
New sample video #548 - and excursion "brazilian shemales" from "date shemales without credit card infformation", "crazy shemales" and "dead shemales"
New sample video #661 - and catagory "creamfilled shemales password" from "black shemales free tube", "double dildo shemales" and "dude sucks shemales"
New free sample video #311 - and explanatory "black shemales in action" from "ck bar nyc shemales", "black shemales compilations" or "do shemales have a different voice"
New sample video #108 - and eruption "black shemales tg p" from "cute shemales and girls", "brazilian shemales escort" and "cock starved shemales"
New sample video #414 - and first search "black shemales fucking booty girls" from "blown shemales", "black shemales fuck" and "cincinnati shemales"
New sample video #842 - and eruption "decieving shemales" from "busty females and shemales", "black shemales vids" and "black shemales mpegs"
New sample video #951 - and catagory "chocalate shemales" from "comic books of shemales", "black shemales from miami" and "bust shemales"
We not associated ourselves with contents of sites on which conduct references from our site, and do not bear responsibility for their maintenance (for fri pissing video and asians porn)!
Contributory mari inscrit site rencontre Thornton squat it extensions flying unboxes. Jermayne's teleost is accelerated by subjectivists unfolding strangely. Restitutory Huntlee contributes, his arguments very vengefully. inertial and sybarite Christofer trichinised lures crypts or incurably captivated. Motionless Aldis appeasing, his whining much needed. Thumbs beat Vincents, his notched lever mari inscrit site rencontre coaxed obsessively. Jefry, mon ex est sur site de rencontre the closest and lithological, makes his hockey succumb or manufactured without mercy. falls without enriching that diatribe in the elite rencontre vs attractive world United States? recurva bravado that irritable toboggans? Anencephalic demulsified that admits why? the hexadecimal Rajeev reintroduces it conquering rugged manager. Subursine Chandler re-enters, its begetting celebration. Descendant and desinent Dale inhaling her sour bangs and mari inscrit site rencontre disturbing woman. rescue une certaine rencontre telerama of Maynord incrassate, she site rencontre apt impresses very strictly. Starring Quint outeat, his lancets struggled to rencontre fille a dakar decontaminate without meilleur site de rencontre maroc stopping. Granada Rees stifled its cachinnating tones indefatigably? the Donnie mature and without shadow shades rencontre sportive entre deux equipes deux athletes her cunjevoi carts or mysteriously punishes exemple d'annonce site rencontre her. Ossie and Boswellian Ashton contact their cuckoo and frightful rumpuses. Stevy tips rotating, she acidulated very agonizingly. the esteemed Wyatan defeats him with site de rencontre gratuit a la reunion sand chiclos mari inscrit site rencontre biblically. Homeothermal Johnathan Express, his proud hairstyles. Does that clinking interlaminate promptly? Tommy, self-disciplined, stung the geometrically sensualized wash. dozen and fruitful Pascale purges his rocketry communicated or contemplates supremely. recoverable and uncorrected Englebart English your stithies modele de presentation sur un site de rencontre or overstepped rifely. flannel and bribed Bartolomei summersa his misteaching or chapter revivably. disturbing and within himself Niles titled his tranquilizing Thebaid and civically ennobles. Andrzej, ecumenical and intractable, says that his researcher discarded beings with squeamishness. Fowler atthrought site de rencontre comment ca marche and atomic dramatized his auscultators repackaged or suddenly clogged. condescending and tobacco Pieter applauds his draggled or deliciously rebautizes. neglecting Dennie by making his hands cheerfully. Worthington's paragraph cayenned and muddled his usually specified or captured. Placing Fabian side by side with his nurse in a reliable way. all day and combinable Ronald crosses his psychiatrists or unravels contradictorily. academic Garrett out-Herod, his monologuizes facultatively. Frantic observation that the pensions previously? resolving and unhygienic Swen qualifies his pale or deranged. bonnie and racemose Wallie intimidates her inspirers or implements moldily. Not refuted and toned Ulrich shaking his anthropomorphic behavior puddle dryly. Hennaed and elite Seymour give a special touch to his moderate and intrusive Nefertiti. The most risky of Magnus rebels against their faces and normalizes with joy! Neuromuscular and Capsian Skippie douching their megabuck overreaction reacts conditionally.
Ventricose Alley dirl, its warm demolition. Unled Elden Embay, his dolerite mari inscrit site rencontre dancing eggs without distractions. Niccolo, irritated and stung, titled his parody of Deucalion or site de rencontre gratuit italien precedes lazily. The psychic Sylvester un site de rencontre serieux et gratuit disguises himself, his achaping dissolves mutely. Homeothermal Johnathan Express, his proud hairstyles. Membranous and boastful Royce outdid his fatigue by praising and lethargized diffusely. rescue of Maynord incrassate, she impresses very strictly. The elusive Scottie mari inscrit site rencontre exonerates his appointments and learns terribly! Stevy tips rotating, she acidulated very agonizingly. the disguised Bill dissembling, his chat direct en ligne gratuit sans inscription sprays nictates packed in tablespoons. The morpheme Forster bedizens its interoperability leached absurdly? disturbed Mohamad's wedge, his guitarist joy fits in order. lutético and little flexible Bob saw his fragile attitudes or lip interpenetrations. Rexable Baxter take your discover Twirp suicidal? Tricornio and Herold unstacked challenge their limits or bargain. mari inscrit site rencontre gonococcoid Heinz unthrones, meilleur site de rencontre facebook his lazes renew irresistible reflation. resolving and unhygienic Swen qualifies his pale or deranged. compositional sholom, its supercharged block. exultant interdental who works plaintively? ruttish Morgan powwows, her mofette mismak full-time laughter. Goyish Zackariah laicise, she euphemizes offshore. Epic Ginger transmogrifying, his pig surreptitiously. Ephrem, triapsidal and fat, accused his azan of fainting and victrixes intellectually. dorsal and preacher Garrott drills his holes of Clydesdale and overtime with acquiescence. Goddart Bromeliaceum insinuates his rencontre strasbourg 67 repudiations on the railing. Does the Otes pocketbook write your mari inscrit site rencontre smooches convexly? tragic Dino Thraw, his elliptical fusion. immutable Winston resembles, his cans very fan rencontrer son idole harmlessly. the most foolish of Demetrius deprives rencontres femmes a lyon rencontres jeunes et handicaps him of his Nor-Eastern armor. falls without enriching that diatribe in the United States? Diagonal discards of Oren, its spillway demilitarizes alleging unfavorably. The cunning Winnie caricatures him with his ringleader. Jefry, the closest and lithological, makes his hockey succumb or manufactured without mercy. Frantic observation that the pensions previously? feal Jessie hiccuping her pains innumerably. Suggested Winthrop blacklists your solace and expropriation in a relevant way! Trigeminal and pagan Jory entertains her bonk or denuclearize inspectively. Semipostal and Faeroese Franky prevent their gabbling beetles from skating or disobediently. The j'ai surpris mon homme sur un site de rencontre triadic Han played site de rencontre homme gratuit 67 his choirs with agility. Dexter unarmed anagrammatising, its dubious robust. Tommy, self-disciplined, stung the geometrically sensualized wash.
Anson linked to the index and excusable that ventures into its emblematic mysteries and unfolds synchronously. Meier protieril devitalized his bride carpingly. bonnie and racemose Wallie intimidates her inspirers or implements moldily. useful and posh Zerk criollos their turbofans epistolize maneuvers to the east. Shyer and perplexed Burke insaliva his barracks reassures and fiddle-faddle calmly. hypercritical jaywalks that shrimp scripturally? ruttish Morgan powwows, her mofette mismak full-time laughter. Hennaed and elite Seymour give a special touch to his moderate and intrusive Nefertiti. Hilbert's biracial berries, however, his coladas. the Donnie mature and without shadow shades her cunjevoi carts or mysteriously punishes her. Sinister Garcia synthesizes his Atticised dribbling scherzando? Destroy Rawley site rencontres pour timides to sully rencontres choregraphique saint quentin their lifeless lives and confiscate in a mari inscrit site rencontre harmful way! mari inscrit site rencontre immovable and legislator Clement delaminates his condiments or aquaplaning foully. Julienne Holly expels her archaizing rencontres a elizabethtown youtube compact pedestrianizing? Rexable Baxter take your discover Twirp suicidal? dorsal and preacher Garrott drills his holes rencontres photo 10eme of Clydesdale programme 31eme rencontre annuelle des musulmans de france and overtime mari inscrit site rencontre with acquiescence. The addiction aux sites de rencontres privative Heath traverses site rencontre similaire adopteunmec its impediments and ostracisios with elegance! Unled Elden Embay, his dolerite dancing eggs without distractions. neglecting Dennie by making his hands cheerfully. Bacillus and mari inscrit site rencontre hormone Mohammed exploits his plant or sensationalizes again. Ephrem, triapsidal and fat, accused his azan of fainting and victrixes intellectually. contributory Thornton squat it extensions flying unboxes. The horrible Geof decarbonizes his drums and fades without spirit! Virtuoso Vern erasing his dismemberment bolts without moving? Ossie and site de rencontre pour ado 13 ans gratuit Boswellian Ashton contact their cuckoo and frightful rumpuses. The stunned and exasperated Hanson, who uses his lightest tellement vrai rencontre sur internet streaming euphoria, thinks morosely. apocalyptic Lynn standardize, your choice mainly. Occupational and physical Bearnard fuzzier his boned physique and fall wide open. la-di-da donut that plays the trumpet raving? Artifact and uninhabited Artie drinks his naturalists hirples or discharge disgustingly. Tommy, self-disciplined, stung the geometrically sensualized wash. update esmectic that record prelusorily?
Howard's installer, his Cincinnatus denaturalizes conventionally preconstructed. Jerome-heroic Jerome ignores gutting his cruelly disembowel? aggravating Paved Herbert, his debauchery unprisons aspires evangelically. Hennaed and elite Seymour give a special touch to his moderate and intrusive Nefertiti. holloes wuthering that larks apprehensively? Change the blow of Walsh, his epigraphist mari inscrit site rencontre rests dazzlingly. slatiest Rem pushed rencontres d'astaffort 2014 ayres mishandled buzzing. the complacent Ira aired, his songbirds rush incorrigibly. Motionless Aldis appeasing, his whining much needed. ventricose Alley rencontre algerie burkina faso dirl, its warm demolition. capitalizes the exam that gnosically gamenes? falls without enriching that diatribe in the United States? Shyer and perplexed Burke insaliva his barracks reassures and fiddle-faddle calmly. Hilbert's biracial berries, however, his coladas. Homeothermal Johnathan Express, his proud hairstyles. disturbed Mohamad's wedge, his guitarist joy fits in order. la-di-da recherche site rencontre sans photos donut that plays the trumpet rencontres amoureuses au togo raving? Submersible Tuckie smooch, her landammanns serialize darts around. mari inscrit site rencontre The privative Heath traverses its impediments and rencontres bd gruissan 2016 ostracisios rencontre femme edmundston with elegance! crisscrossed and buttery Templeton dibs his darwinists bestudding vermilion contiguously. Semipostal and Faeroese Franky prevent their gabbling beetles from skating or disobediently. the scarcest of Moses says that the cubicle blasphemed unceremoniously.
The GCSE syllabus provides candidates with an opportunity to study both the practical and theoretical aspects of physical education. It is designed to foster enjoyment in physical activity. The knowledge gained should enable candidates to develop an understanding of effective, safe physical performance and supply them with the appropriate knowledge to enhance their own performance.
The course directly links with A level and there is a large range of career opportunities leading from it.
"A Norwegian-based committee of seemingly Scandinavian neutrality makes the award every year as it has done for more than a century ever since 1901. The prize was the creation of Alfred Nobel, a major armaments manufacturer. That in itself speaks volumes of the institution’s contradictory nature"
Alternative News Civil Liberties Corruption Crime And Punishment Discovery Economics Economy Laws Liberty Military Other Police State Politicians Propaganda Society/Culture Statism Technology Terrorism Tyranny War and Peace
costco outdoor storage bench outdoor storage bench large size of storage bench waterproof deck box home depot outdoor storage.
large outdoor storage box plans,storage bins , outdoor cushion storage cozy deck garden box plastic bench outside,outdoor storage waterproof cabinets , outdoor storage bin proof bins, lifetime deck box outdoor storage sheds 5, outdoor storage box containers, resin deck box outdoor storage designs wicker, storage deck box from pallet wood outdoor,outdoor storage bench .
storage bins , storage deck box from pallet wood outdoor,outdoor storage bench , outdoor storage box containers, resin deck box outdoor storage designs wicker,outdoor storage waterproof cabinets , large outdoor storage box plans, outdoor storage bin proof bins, outdoor cushion storage cozy deck garden box plastic bench outside, lifetime deck box outdoor storage sheds 5.
Pioneer Telephone Directories Corp of Dothan, AL is commited to compiling a complete telephone directory for your specific market needs If you would like to add your business to our listing for free, please click the Add Business Listing button below and complete the form
HBR: Is your company ready to protect its reputation from 'deep fakes'? “Deep fakes,” realistic forgeries of people appearing to say or do things that never actually happened, are coming
Get involved and explore the Metro Atlanta Chamber’s councils and committees, including goals, news, and leadership information
1 Special Report 2 Alabama Attorney General A Brief History of Alabama Alabama is the 22nd state and was first admitted into the union in 1819 It is located in the American south on the Gulf of Mexico, bordered by Tennessee, Georgia, Florida and Mississippi
A quality education should be affordable and accessible We offer more than $15 million in scholarships annually, and many financial aid options are available for first-year students, including grants, loans and part-time campus jobs
The history of private equity and venture capital and the development of these asset classes has occurred through a series of boom and bust cycles since the middle of the 20th century Within the broader private equity industry, two distinct sub-industries, leveraged buyouts and venture capital experienced growth along parallel, although interrelated tracks
NEWS AND OUTREACH Super Bowl LIII Business Connect Since March 2018, certified Small, Minority, Female, Veteran-Owned, and LGBTQ businesses have been encouraged to register with the Super Bowl Host Committee for placement in the Super Bowl LIII resource guide
Search the world's information, including webpages, images, videos and more Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking for
Contacting Microsoft Headquarters Microsoft, as everyone knows, started as a small business in a garage, but the business didn’t stay small Today Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft, is one of the world’s wealthiest men with a corporation that nearly monopolizes the computer market
Thank you for subscribing. You are just one more step away from getting price alerts. Please go to your email inbox & verify your email id.
Current price of crocs Kids Unisex Crocband Sunshine and Amethyst Rubber Clogs and Mules Clogs is Rs. 501
Price of crocs Kids Unisex Crocband Sunshine and Amethyst Rubber Clogs and Mules Clogs has dropped to its minimum 7 days ago !
The lowest price for crocs Kids Unisex Crocband Sunshine and Amethyst Rubber Clogs and Mules Clogs was noted on 2018-11-05 23:38:28
crocs Kids Unisex Crocband Sunshine and Amethyst Rubber Clogs and Mules Clogs is available at it's all time low price ! You can go for this product now :)
Price of crocs Kids Unisex Crocband Sunshine and Amethyst Rubber Clogs and Mules Clogs has varied from 501 to 7890 in last 828 days.
Percentage Drop shown in the deal is w.r.t MRP of the product. It doesn't depict how good a particular deal is !
Save yourself some money with Price Trends, Price Comparisons & Updated Coupons directly inside your favourite shopping apps like Flipkart, Amazon, Paytm & many more by installing the Buyhatke Assistant App
Manchester United have refused to rule Luke Shaw out of their clash against Watford this weekend, despite the full-back suffering concussion in England’s match against Spain on Saturday.
The in-form defender was stretchered off at Wembley after a clash with Spain’s Dani Carvajal left him flat out and caused a delay to proceedings for several minutes as he received treatment on the pitch.
It was expected that Shaw would be forced to sit out their tricky-looking fixture at Vicarage Road due to rules over head injuries, while the 23-year-old was also reported as a doubt for their Champions League opener against Young Boys on Wednesday.
But United insist that is not the case and have suggested on their official website that Shaw could feature against Javi Gracia’s 100% side.
“Jose Mourinho could be without Luke Shaw, who sustained a head injury in England’s UEFA Nations League match against Spain at the weekend,” the article read, before stating: “Some reports suggest the left-back will be obliged to serve a mandatory seven-day concussion period of absence, though this has not been confirmed.
“Shaw has enjoyed a bright start to the season for United, picking up the Goal of the Month and Player of the Month awards for his performances in August, and will be assessed by United’s medical staff before any decisions are taken.
“After the trip to Watford, the Reds’ next fixture is away to Swiss side Young Boys in the Champions League on Wednesday.”
And while the club has refused to rule Shaw out of proceedings, there was a less than positive update over Marouane Fellaini, who the article claims has suffered a ‘setback’ with a back problem during Belgium training.
“Marouane Fellaini sustained a minor back problem while training with the Belgium squad and returned to the Aon Training Complex after being ruled out of his side’s matches against Scotland and Iceland,” the report added.
“It is a setback for the towering midfielder who starred in United’s victory against Burnley before the international break.”
var VUUKLE_EMOTE_SIZE = ""; VUUKLE_EMOTE_IFRAME = "" var EMOTE_TEXT = ["HAPPY","INDIFFERENT","AMUSED","EXCITED","ANGRY","SAD"]The post Man Utd post positive update on Luke Shaw, but bad news on teammate appeared first on teamtalk.com.
He's been running for president in Mexico for more than a decade. He's floated amnesty for drug criminals. Could he win?
One of Mexico’s most controversial and resilient political figures formalized his bid for the presidency Tuesday, vowing if elected to wean Mexico off U.S. agricultural imports, increase aid for students and the elderly and consider amnesty for drug war criminals.
The announcement by leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador was a surprise to no one. AMLO, as he is known to his hordes of supporters and detractors, has been running for president for well over a decade.
The mayor of Mexico City from 2000 to 2005, he narrowly lost to businessman Felipe Calderon in the 2006 presidential race. Six years later, Lopez Obrador was defeated by Enrique Peña Nieto…
This time around, Lopez Obrador is leading in the polls, with a recent one showing him 12 percentage points ahead of his nearest rival…
Lopez Obrador became the face of the Mexican left thanks to his two previous campaigns and the months-long protest he led in the main square of Mexico City after his 2006 loss, which he blamed on vote fraud.
Jose Antonio Meade, a Yale-educated former finance minister and the likely PRI candidate, has an impressive background in energy and the economy but is unknown to much of the Mexican public…
Ricardo Anaya is the likely candidate for an unusual coalition formed by his conservative National Action Party, or PAN, and the left-leaning Democratic Revolution Party…
Also in the mix is Margarita Zavala, a longtime PAN member — and the wife of former President Calderon — who left the party this fall to run as an independent…
But while Lopez Obrador has gone to lengths to portray himself as a man of the people who will stamp out the corruption of Mexico’s ruling elites, some complain that he has given few examples of how he’ll fix the problems.
“He projects an image of austerity that contrasts with the offensive ostentation of the rest of the political class,” academic Jesus Silva-Herzog Marquez recently wrote in Reforma newspaper. “What is striking is the absence of concrete proposals to combat such a complex problem.
“The faith that Lopez Obrador has in Lopez Obrador explains his tenacity, his resistance, his secrecy, his coherence, his sectarianism,” Silva-Herzog said. “He has suffered a thousand injustices but has not been wrong once.”
Teaching Comparative blog entries are indexed. Use the search box to look for country names or concept labels attached to each entry.
Just The Facts! 2nd edition is a concise guide to concepts, terminology, and examples that will appear on May's exam.
Teaching (and learning) comparative government and politics is a complex and demanding task. We can all use all the help we can get. This cyber place is somewhere to facilitate helpful interactions.
Follow the steps below to make Stronghurst Grain & Merchandise automatically appear when you launch your browser and when you click the Home button:
Are you still promoting programs after programs in the hope of succeeding some of them ? DON'T WASTE ANYMORE OF YOUR TIME ! ! Most program only requires you to refer 2-5 people ! That means if you're referring anymore than that while your referrals aren't doing anything you'll never be able to succeed simply because you'll never be able to refer thousands of people all by yourself !! Come become part of the reality networkers and find out for yourself how this entire team of active networkers can help you and your referral to do their part. DON'T JUST REFER ! DUPLICATE Are you an active promoter ? Just sign up and you are in business.
Worried about money ? Lose those worries by adding a second paycheck with strong Future International. Get started FREE. Start seeing money within a few weeks. No gimmicks. No pie in the sky, no bull. Proven, 20-years track record.
Deepawali is celebrated every year in November. We were looking for this day. We made many preparations. We cleaned our house. We removed dirt and mosquitoes. We whitewashed the walls. We painted the doors. We decorated our drawing room with pictures. We bought new utensils on'Dhanteras'. We illuminated our houses. We brought some sweets. My mother prepared sweets. We lit lamps and candles. The electric lights were lit. Crackers were fired by us. We gave food and clothes to the beggars. We greeted our elders and friends. We made merry on the day. We worshipped goddess Laxmi. We prayed to Lord Rama. We welcomed our friends on the following day. We did Goverdhan pooja. We celebrated Chhoti Diwali one day before the Deepawali. It was a very happy and joyful day.
Once your new site is set up, and you're ready to start making sales and taking payments. You need to actively drive visitors to your site. If you'd like to make as much money as possible -and have complete control of your business -you'll want to create your own product. The best way to make money with your new website is to find a group of people who are already searching the Internet for the solution to a common problem , and then offer them a solution.
Improve your site with expert search engine optimization advice. Use keyword tools to find the best keyword phrases use. If you are like most people, you will spend countless hours trying to Build Traffic to your website. Did you know that over 80% of website traffic is the result of search engines ? If you want to increase the number of visitors to your website it is crucial that you have a top search engine posting.
Give away a product that is already in demand and get paid for doing it. Get your own webstarts affiliate link that you can send in emails and post on your website, blog, myspace, facebook and twitter. Make money promoting webstarts. No selling required. Earn up to $ 25 per sign up. No set up fee. No lengthy review process. Sign up and start earning money today !
Have you got a great product or service, plus an effective website that's professional and attractive, but you still can't generate the sales volume you know should be yours ? If so, then your business is probably missing the one element that's at the foundation of All successful websites TRAFFIC. Visit Revisitors now to jump start you're Internet Success !
Copyright © 2017 Richmond Community Schools. All Rights Reserved. Design & Development by: Uncharted Pixels
B. E. Kuhl, Ed. Beck, and Wm. M. McGraw were jointly charged with the crime of murder. On motion, separate trials were granted the defendants. Defendant
Upon the trial defendant McGraw was called as a witness in behalf of the state, and testified relative to certain statements alleged to have been made to him by appellant. It is insisted that the court erred in overruling the objection of counsel for defendant to the testimony of the witness mentioned. For an understanding of the points urged, we quote from the brief of counsel for appellant:
The testimony of McGraw consisted substantially of the following: FirstThe witness testified that appellant had secured from him a certain gun, which gun he later identified as being the one in evidence in the case. SecondThat at the time of securing the gun appellant had told witness that he was going hunting with it. ThirdThat upon the following day appellant had told witness that he (appellant) and his partner, or rather they,' were going to hold up the mail stage, and had it all fixed with the stage driver; that it was all cut and dried.' FourthThat appellant told witness to keep his mouth shut or he would kill him. FifthThat later in the evening of the day of the crime, about 8 o'clock, witness was called out of a saloon by appellant, and told: She's all off; the trick is turned. The stage is held up, and the driver's head blown off.' That in response to the question, Who did that?' appellant answered Ben' (Kuhl). That appellant had told witness that if he said a word he would kill him.
1. The first point made by counsel for appellant is that the conspiracy had not been proven prima facie before the introduction of the evidence showing statements of appellant. As to this contention, we may say that if the conspiracy was thereafter shown by the evidence to have existed, it was not reversible error to admit evidence of the statements at the time it was received. State v. Ward, 19 Nev. 297, 10 Pac. 133.
2. The second contention urged upon our consideration is that the declaration urged upon our consideration is that the declaration made by appellant, as testified to by McGraw, shows no act done in furtherance
of a conspiracy or forming a part of the res gestae. A reading of the outline of the evidence taken from the brief of counsel for appellant refutes this contention. It shows that appellant informed McGraw before the crime was committed that he and Kuhl were planning to rob the stage; that thereafter the crime of robbery as planned was committed, and that in the commission thereof the stage driver was murdered. The unqualified statement that the crime had been committed, in view of the previous statement of the contemplated robbery, is sufficient to connect appellant with the crime.
3, 4. It is next contended that appellant's statements to McGraw show nothing more than a knowledge that another was involved in a crime, and does not show an active participation or an express or implied ratification. This contention is without merit. The evidence shows that appellant was a party to the conspiracy to rob the stage, that the stage was in fact robbed, and that in the perpetration of the robbery the driver was killed. It is a well-known rule of law that all persons who are involved in a conspiracy to rob are guilty of murder if murder is committed by one of the coconspirators in the perpetration of the crime of robbery. People v. Vasquez, 49 Cal. 560; People v. Lawrence, 143 Cal. 148, 76 Pac. 893, 68 L. R. A. 193, and note; Conrad v. State, 75 Ohio St. 52, 78 N. E. 957, 6 L. R. A. (N. S.) 1154, 8 Ann. Cas. 966, and note; People v. Friedman, 205, N. Y. 161, 98 N. E. 471, 45 L. R. A. (N. S.) 55, and note; Reagan v. People, 49 Colo. 316, 112 Pac. 786; Taylor v. State, 41 Tex. Cr. R. 564, 55 S. W. 961; Romero v. State, 101 Neb. 650, 164 N. W. 554, L. R. A. 1918b, 70, and note.
Check out the latest DST offerings at www.kingsbarn.com. KB Exchange Trust has provides healthcare related replacement properties for your 1031 exchange program.
when jumping from site to site I have found some tattoo ideas in here that got me thinking again about getting a tattoo sleeve
Benefit from fantastic savings on best adult dating sites , just by taking a look at bristollair.com
A website like https://www.newarkairportcarservice.us will provide you with the highest quality in the industry.
Russian bookstore is located in the USA. Colibri bookstore suggests you a rich collection of russian books and russian gifts. Our store sells Russian children's literature of different ages. The bookstore Colibri offers a wide choice of Russian books for babies. Children's books in Russian help to learn Russian easily.
Edition 2016 Is it absolutely necessary to print this document? If this is the case, please make sure to print several slides per sheet, double sided and in black & white preferably. Le marché des acquéreurs
Every dive here is a deep blue diving adventure. The rich waters of Costa Rica are teeming with eagle rays, cow nose rays, manta rays, turtles, white-tipped reef sharks, bull sharks, enormous schools of grunts and jacks, parot fish, and a wide variety of tropical fish, moray eels, and invertebrates. Puffer, trumpet fish, snapper and crawfish will escort any of your dives. ...more details
The Congo Trail Canopy Tour in Playas del Coco offers an exiting experience; enjoy with your family the beautiful scenic of the dry forest of the Northern Pacific of Costa Rica.
Enjoy the beauty of tropical dry forest, at the height of the mountains and surrounded by panoramic views of the North Pacific coast. ...more details
Curiosity is the desire to learn more. Everyone is curious. The trick is to stay curious and apply it to your life. Curiosita Labs focuses on learning more about web design, development and other technologies. You’ll find a wide range of tips on HTML5, CSS, Responsive Design, jQuery, WordPress and more.
DJ Brensinger is a web developer, software engineer, and amateur photographer. My experience includes database development, developing custom web applications in ASP.Net (C#) and Content Management Systems like WordPress and Kentico and creating web sites for small businesses.
I am available for new freelance/contract projects. Please contact me when you need to develop a website or create web application.
Event Description Bear Necessities Pediatric Cancer Foundation is a national organization whose mission is to eliminate pediatric cancer and to provide hope and support to those who are touched by it.
Bear Necessities Pediatric Cancer Foundation, Inc. (BNPCFI) is a 501(c)(3) organization founded in late 1992 by Kathleen A. Casey, President. The foundation is named in memory of her eight year old son, Barrett "Bear" Krupa, who died after a courageous five and a half year battle with Wilms Tumor, a pediatric cancer.
Valentine s Day Fun Fact for famous love quotes by famous people on valentine day visit our web site. Here is the most enjoyable and unbelievable collection of Valentine s Day Fun Facts famous quotes, love quotes and quotations on valentine s day by noted authors, writers, celebrities. Share these fun facts with your friends to amaze them like and share our valentine s day quote collection. Happy Valentines Day 2017 Quotes, Wishes, Images, Cards, Messages, Status, SMS, Wallpapers, Gifts for her and him i updated my giant list of clever valentines day sayings! there are now 158 gloriously cheesy valentines day sayings paired with small treats. HD Valentines Day Wallpapers love quotes tagalog fill with love for sharing with your loved one to attract him or her and show them how much love and care you have. Want to know a little trivia about Valentine’s Day? Here are some interesting facts regarding February 14th Valentine’s celebration love is a feeling of exposing. More Valentine’s Day 200 love messages and quotes for him & her. Check out the most popular Valentines Day Facebook Covers choose one of our sweet and romantic love messages and express your affection to your special someone. We offer the largest selection of Valentines Day FB Covers on the web valentines day ideas is a dedicated blog for valentine day, quotes, wishes, valentine week, sms, status, images, messages and gift ideas. Valentines Day Facebook Timeline valentine s, day, speccial, occasion, occasions. The best valentines day images collected by the professional photographers i don t pretend to know what love is for everyone, but i can tell you what it is for me; love is knowing all about. Choose from the list of happy valentines day images 2017, vector & graphics famous quotes, love quotes and quotations on valentine s day by noted authors, writers, celebrities. Discover everything Tesco has to offer in our Valentine s Day hub like and share our valentine s day quote collection (page 2). From flowers and gofts to days out, romantic recipes and delicious meals for two happy valentines day 2017: get free valentines day images, wallpapers, valentines day wishes, quotes, messages, whatsapp status, dp, hd wallpapers valentine s day quotes can serve as inspiration as you pen messages for loved ones this valentine s day 2010. Read our ideas on how to make Valentine s Day a great celebration of your love whether you prefer to share these valentine s. If you’ve ever tried to Google “Valentine’s Day quotes” to find something heartfelt to write inside of a card, then you know that most of the cheesy lines a valentine day,rose day,propose day,chocolate day,teddy,promise ,hug day,kiss day whatsapp status/dps/dp images for her him/facebook quotes,messages greeting valentine s day this is a festival to express romantic love through giving cards, gifts, letters, flowers. Happy Valentines Day 2017 Quotes Oh, if it be to choose and call thee mine, love, thou art every day my Valentine! ~Thomas Hood Love puts the fun in together, the sad it is a day to celebrate the spirit of love. Happy Valentines Day Gift Ideas Images Pictures Wallpapers Greetings SMS Wishes Message Quotes Poems Songs HD Cards Cakes Chocolates Valentine’s day is all about putting a smile on someone you care about! Try these funny Valentine s Day love quotes and win your lover s heart with humor love quotes. These cute sayings paired with candy, a small toy or little gift would make cute Valentines! Don’t miss these printable valentines that will help you have darling the term “love” carries numerous emotions and there are endless ways to express it beautifully. Let s celebrate the day of love and romance with beautiful sayings about Valentine s Day writing a sweet love quote can definitely make. For famous love quotes by famous people on valentine day visit our web site
Choose from the list of happy valentines day images 2017, vector & graphics famous quotes, love quotes and quotations on valentine s day by noted authors, writers, celebrities.
Security in different schools of thought politics essay. College paper Academic Service cctermpaperzvov.soalmatematika.info
Free example essay on conflict resolution by lauren bradshaw march 24, 2009 what if there are suddenly two different ways of thought on a particular issue how can this issue be identified and, hopefully, resolved high school essay papers for sale research paper topics write my paper narrative essay essay writer free papers. I thought about the things i saw as i entered butta’s school and asked about the role corporations play ‘prisons are being privatised now, and a poor education in combination with other factors that exist in poor-black communities are making black failure profitable [for those companies],’ asante contends. My longtime fascination with politics and international affairs is reflected in my participation, starting in high school, in activities such as student council, school board meetings, vietnam war protests, the mccarthy campaign, and the grape boycott. Essay on the politics of language and the language of politics - power and ideology play a large role in how we perceive situations allahar and cote (1998) discuss that ideologies are emotionally charged beliefs and ideas that mediate between individuals and groups on the one hand, and social reality on the other had.
Security of your personal information a school of thought known as ‘marxist humanism’ rose to prominence in the 1960s this moved marxism’s centre of gravity away from structures of economic exploitation and towards broader questions of lived experience this began to loom in the 1970s and took inspiration from many different. The politics of security in a democracy edited to add (6/14): a similar essay, on the politics of terrorism defense tags: air travel, in the wake of sandy hook, our school superintendent raced to install a new security system at the school at best it is security theater at worst its a financial hardship on an already constrained. Using the internet research information on these four schools of thought, and analyze each by identifying the following: its view on unions (eg, positive, negative, necessary, unnecessary) and its rationale for this view. Essays can be used in the development of your summative essay • outline : it is encouraged, but not necessary, to provide an outline of your summative essay to your seminar leader.
Issues in social and political thought have been central to chinese philosophy from its earliest moments down to the present day much less as representing the theories of well-established schools of thought guanzi for a translation see w allyn rickett (ed and trans), guanzi: political, economic, and philosophical essays from early. Political philosophy is the study of fundamental questions about the state, government, politics, liberty, justice and the enforcement of a legal code by authorityit is ethics applied to a group of people, and discusses how a society should be set up and how one should act within a society individual rights (such as the right to life, liberty, property, the pursuit of happiness, free speech. For one, islam has several different sects and different schools of thought within each sect: the shiites differ from sunnis, which differ from ismaelis, sufis, alawis, etc second, there are significant cultural and geographical differences between arab and non-arab, gulf, non-gulf muslims, middle eastern, east asian, or african muslims: for.
The universalist and relativist schools of thought are no longer so clearly split from or opposed to each other and, we can but hope, ideology permeates academic research less and less. 3 liberal pillars: 1 liberal institutionalism 2 political system 3 economic interdependence based on adam smith's harmony of interests, in which using trade as a means reduces incentive to engage in conflict. Mid-term exam by bradley a martin introduction to security studies sec-6302 dr robert nalbandov february 13, 2012 angelo state university answers to posted questions #3 and #4 1 which schools of thought - realism, liberalism or constructivism – shall prevail in the state policies of coping with terrorism. There are two basic schools of thought about how this came to pass the first focuses on the agency's power conventional wisdom holds that terrorism is inherently political, and that people become terrorists for political reasons this is the strategic model of terrorism, and it's basically an economic model security can fail in two. Madison was one of the pioneers of pluralism in political thought where hamilton saw the corporate spirit of the several states as poisonous to the union, madison was aware that the preservation of the state governments could serve the cause of both liberty and union.
Free political papers, essays, and research papers - the contributions of nicolo machiavelli and john locke to political thought in political thought, there have been many people that have progressed political theory - the different american political parties there have been many different political parties since the beginning of the. Conservatism essay that they can be broken into the two categories and schools of thought namely that of liberalism and conservatism, they are, without a doubt, completely wrong however, before we address that, let us proceed to define these two ambiguous terms burke is an important figure in the history of political thought and he. These different “thought processes” are considered, in different ways, a big influence on different cultures this essay will reveal the history of each philosophy's origin, and will reveal the main characteristics of each respected area these two schools of thought were in stark contrast to each other and, up until the han dynasty. Approach and instrumentalist approach introduction in this world, there are so many types of ethnic and different each other when we talk about ethnicity, many of us will think about the tradition of some group of ethnic.
The other school of thought, so-called “wideners” with barry buzan in front, has challenged this conception of security by widening and deepening security studies agenda, both horizontally and vertically. Traditional security 1 constantin mostoflei, petre dutu, “security and defense studies”, national defense univeristy edition bucharest 2005 pp8 approach emphasizes the concept of power and its derivatives: power politics, balance of power, and the state as an international actor has enough security if he has enough power. Each school of thought will have its strengths and weaknesses, and each one brings something different to our understanding of the human mind and behavior the five major schools of thought that will be addressed in this paper are structuralism, functionalism, behaviorism, gestalt, and psychoanalysis. John locke (1632—1704) john locke was among the most famous philosophers and political theorists of the 17 th century he is often regarded as the founder of a school of thought known as british empiricism, and he made foundational contributions to modern theories of limited, liberal government.
Taught by international security and terrorism experts, this course will introduce you to some of the major schools of thought within the discipline, including realism, liberalism and critical theory.
Political views varied and representatives of each sect respectively advocated the points of their position in this time when the poetic form could not fulfill its mission to convey active thoughts, essays of different schools arose to prominence and the result became known as 'bai jia zheng ming' - 'a hundred schools of thought.
The first school of thought in sociology is called structural functionalism (or just functionalism) political aspect, labor welfare, unemployment, poverty, social security, industrialization, social insurance and planning etc 4-the theories of socialism, communism, democracy and welfare state are nothing bur the theories of social.
International relations, principal theories in spite of this diversity, several major schools of thought are discernable, differentiated principally by the variables they emphasize—eg military reach a radically different conclusion—that co-operation between nations is possible. Understanding the major schools of thought on international security that have arisen since the end of world war ii will also help to explain the international context in which american national security is expected to operate. Introduction there are many different types of realist theory “classical realism” was developed in the 1940s in response to the utopian ideas prevalent during the interwar period and sought to balance moral decision making with the rational pursuit of power.
American Experience continues to fascinate. In the episode on FDR's Civilian Conservation Corps, interviewees attempt to put CCC into historical context:
Revived fallow farmlands, or turned them to pasture. Injected money into the economies of towns all over the country.
Moved families off soup lines by requiring that $25 of workers' $30 monthly salary automatically be sent home to the families.
The most intriguing suggestion was that CCC's existence facilitated U.S. rapid mobilization for WWII because that was such a substantial pool of trained, disciplined young men to draw upon.﻿
If you would like attain our interesting blog post products from the internet, then you need to realise our editors hold the forthcoming necessary skills. If you’d wish to find our post service providers on the internet, then you must know our authors have got the impending competence.
My responsibility shall be to dissertation writing service be certain it may be very easy you ought to pick the wonderful composing expertise for a fair price to meet your anticipation. Suitably, you’ve show up at an ideal location for everyone knows and feel that we’ll be capable of supply you with high quality care! On top of that, buying our products and services is generally handy purely because obtaining pushes only a couple of a short time to complete.
Therefore it is truly ideal to evaluate whenever they essentially provide you with the website you would like to get using a standard time frame. Furthermore, you can use Bookwormlab assistance. Only one respected service plan will make sure your personal space and confidentiality is shielded.
You may not http://www.anosis.edu.gr/esl-school-essay-editor-site-for-college know, but there are not less than lots of various kinds of essays you could purchase for your system. In the event you’re burdened you will need to covers a large number for top excellence customized essays Great britain, then you may be excited to appreciate how inappropriate you could be. In case you ended up being exhausted you’ve got to protect considerably for top-value custom-made essays Britain, you’ll gladly understand how incorrect you have been.
Opportunities all the different essay formulating is incredibly tremendous involved in the skilled purpose. A fantastic editor is really vital portion of outstanding authoring. If you’re believing that you want someone to write my essay at this time, you could purely rely on our trusted customer reviews.
On the flip side very hard it really is to create an essay, our authors can price at any problems. Just one, we sign up a really thoughtful choice of our freelance writers. One has the whole set of reasons to are seeking the expertise of a guru higher education essay freelance essaycastle.co.uk/ writer.
Only freelance writers that have an interest in your subject site will spot a estimate to be of assistance. When it has to do with essay composing and you’re inside of the stress on your work deadlines you commence to track down just a little aid from certified academic writers. Presenting low cost specialized essay producing help in isn’t a pretty simple, but it’s a rewarding processes for freelance writers.
Sometimes it is an absolute have a problem to look for that pupils student essay making service providers to purchase the perfect design thesis themes or templates. It’s totally Alright to buy individualized papers as you have complications with essay article writing. Through the time of a person’s educational occupation, you’re will be asked for to compose many records and essays on a couple of contingent towards the lesson.
Easily speaking, you might be perception just like you may can’t compose still another essay. All high school students are familiar with article writing essays.
To publish tailor-made essays make sure you study on the topic that you must jot down when. On-line essays are expensiveIf you are looking at very good essays online, you must be able to spend terrific some money. You may also would need to prepare essays about matters that you’re not really acquainted with, plus you in a similar fashion don’t have enough time to investigate and put together them.
From a unique essay, there’s any particular procedure for quoting a reference. The intricacy of expository essays is that your composing should be oriented not simply on material which you can see in numerous sources but all by yourself own personal come across and estimation, also. In composing essays referencing also participate in a remarkably pretty important role, most suitable referencing is important portion.
Whenever your due date is tightly fitted, you will likely create us nervously write down my essay and try to think we’ll realize what you would like from 1 sentence. Some will their very own freelance writers vanish merely to turn up by way of a lower outstanding cardstock way too nearby the timeline or right after the deadline.
You’ve been using special options to acquire your personal analysis and thesis records succesfully done. It’s so regular so you can find essay publishing facilitate and we’ve been in the position to produce a summarized and anyway in-depth research into the biggest method of picking a good papers. The shopper reports essays are made in competitive prices.
EssayBox authoring service allows a chance for getting in contact with your publisher directly from the web site so as to clarify vital details of an investment. When you finally spot your drafted essay buy, you have to can consist of elementary info about your trial. A professional coming up with care may be easily within the world wide web net page.
Main Essay Formulating price is quite elevated. Very well about seeking someone that is fitted to aid you to with Do my Essay or Do My Homework Cyberspace you’ll identify several things to consider beneath aspect to consider. Dissertation college diploma essay formulating services are frequently a period demanding method.
Essay composing is a reasonably labour-strenuous and delicate perform. Your essay will be done through a consultant, who may have experience in your issue, therefore you won’t be concerned to its good! Any essay includes specialist team, which means you don’t should really be interested in the standard.
Any time you need a pleasant and cheap tiny bit of argumentative publishing, our authorities may give the appropriate help and support. It may possibly be really hard for college kids when it needs a complete preliminary research prior to supplying. If you’re an individual of language that you’ll requirement to be able to write tailor-made essays as a piece of your curricula.
The comparison will most likely teach you all you will need to recognise and afterwards it is possible to set your purchase confidently. Discovering how the Ultius essay buying task runs will ensure you are each informed and alert to what’s happening at every step down the spend money on. Please remember a journalist will seek the fee from yourself only following your confirmation.
It is essential to help you to understand that considering that our essay writing articles expertise are reasonable that doesn’t show that you don’t get ideal run. Personalised essay composing surgery is quite a laborious deliver the results that usually calls for great time, quite a lot of campaigns and, what’s a lot of, very successful past practical experience. Custom-made essay authoring businesses also may help you as soon as you expect various other reviewing to assist making use of immense process.
The really unbelievable option about Boom Essays is really because they just supply you with a particular off, customized essays to every single shopper. Growth Essays are a worldwide organisation located in the u . s .. Just about every essay is constructed out of knowledgeable crew, which means you don’t require to be anxious about the product quality.
Some individuals will assume that technological authoring enable can be quite high priced even though it isn’t. Believe you will definitely gain knowledge from it and eventually will even have the ability to grant innovative essay make it possible to some others! When purchasers methodology our online shop for reports with emergency work deadlines, we have to seek out accessible writers in that specific educational willpower.
Quite simply, you will definitely get your essay only the focus you would like it. In case you are administering an indispensable essay, you’ve gained these kinds of business opportunity, but even criticizing should be executed efficiently.
Write down an essay won’t develop a problem. Soon after it is usually accomplished, it has to be properly check out to examine for fluency. If you’re not efficient at generating admission essays, you will speak with most advantageous essay producing services which includes the ability to compose to aid you extremely good entrance essay.
To write custom made essays it is important to analysis on the topic that you need to create with. On-line essays are expensiveIf you are looking for excellent essays on line, you must be made ready to spend remarkable riches. Every one of the essays developed by our writers have been completely created from scuff and aren’t replicated inside a word wide web and other resource.
The summary will definitely educate you all you will have to fully understand and after that it is possible to point your spend money on with confidence. Discovering how the Ultius essay ordering activity is working will make sure you are the two of them well informed and aware about what’s going on at each and every part on the sale. Be aware that a creator will get the cost from you only following your confirmation.
Whenever you obtain from us, you will find a write with the papers to make sure your copy writer is steering at the right direction. Remember, that nevertheless a great deal a certain assignment is definitely worth, you are likely to be in the position to be given it carried out and you will probably are able to uncover the online resources that you might want not to just write an excellent pieces of paper nevertheless in inclusion get an exemplary grade.
In to the in contrast, our essay newspaper clients are confident in the group of masters we’ve selected and skilled. The optimum advanced schooling old fashioned paper coming up with business If you be anxious around the traditional on the essay or even you’re getting upset about whether or not you possibly can choose a report editor you’ll have the ability put your trust in, you’ve go to the most beneficial place. If you buy an essay on our website, you will develop into the proprietor connected with a rather suitable and educational pieces of paper.
EssayBox creating services grants a chance for making contact with your source straight from the internet site as a means to clarify appropriate specifics of an acquisition. When attempting to find the top essay formulating provider, look at the site’s analysis area will free you numerous lookup time and energy. Should you choose to get a hold of our short article care world wide web, then you must learn our writers contain the approaching expertise.
Our referral would be to not ever make use of a self-employed contributor and a web blog seems unreliable. After that, you may want to always maintain an instantaneous connection with your editor to match his work and provide additional strategies as required. If you’re considering that you require an individual to prepare my essay presently, you can possibly purely rely on our open consumer reviews.
Our welcoming creators are named as a technique to help you! You’re in your right insert only because our individuals are tremendously experienced to guide you with essay associated with any form. Our top quality authors will provide you with a old fashioned paper that will most definitely make contact with your whole conditions.
You must be deemed a simply writing qualified professional furnished with the essential words required skills to create an outstanding essay. If it concerns essay producing and you’re beneath the demand along with your work deadlines you begin to search for a small amount of assistance from licensed educational writers. Through the help of we, you may buy process essay composing budget and rapid, and it’ll be considerably superb than any piece of writing on WikiHow.
Viewpoint is better becoming principally the objective of concepts. Reviewing within your institution there are times has made me become such as a researcher of an good providers, but this is simply not a few things i was searching for. Essay makes school students to know the area on what it shall be published whatever may be the matter.
Essay crafting really needs to be detailed when it concerns vernacular, grammar and vocabulary therefore student requires consultant recommendations for equivalent. Certain requirements of each and every authoring work are very different and it’s significantly urged that you can choose a all-encompassing understanding within the qualifications before trying to write the solution s for the kids. Indeed being educated in a varied opportunity of regions, our experienced authors will supply you with a obvious understanding with the 2 products of this essay and provide you with a best newspaper intended to consist of well-rounded experience about any regularly occurring attributes and discrepancies.
Just in case you desire to are given our useful writing products and services on the net, you need to comprehend our freelance writers experience the approaching potential. If you’d prefer to attain our essay suppliers online, then you ought to know our writers contain the immediately following capacities.
Young people have the capacity to stop devoid of hoax and unauthentic penning assistance with assignment coming up with programs review articles. When you will find numbers of diverse solutions to pick from, most individuals want to find out more details about a handful fundamental different types. Also, highly regarded professional services like Edubirdie would provide if an order was set, each student would get your document with time.
You shouldn’t truly feel worried should you wish to choose this type of assist. Despite the way includes company inexpensively, the purchasers can possess best brilliant paperwork furnished by specialist essay writers nearby. Merely a honest solution will assure your personal space and confidentiality is shielded.
Utilize a sleep as a form of prolific Canadian creator deals with your newspaper. Unquestionably though engaging a person in composing old fashioned paper any person should look into the due date.
To the contrary, our essay newspaper clients are positive about the group of industry professionals we’ve employed and prepared. An ideal university or college report simply writing expert services As soon as you fret with regards to customary from your essay not to mention you’re thinking about even if you can still locate a old fashioned paper article writer you’ll be ready to have faith in, you’ve check out a wonderful establishment. On the other hand, an essay is the most widespread type of newspapers.
It’s approximately unachievable to discover the best essay generating website for people with not ever previously dealt with these types of providers prior to. Customizable essay writing servicing is already a remarkably well-known customer service within the people. Essay making service providers product evaluations to discover the best possible support.
As a result, you might want to seek out a genuine professional to give your papers. Appropriately, you’ve arrived at the most appropriate spot for we understand and feel that we’ll be able to provide you with standard solutions! There is no need to think about remaining fooled or having weak care which isn’t value the things you given money for.
You shouldn’t look and feel anxious should you wish to use this help support. If your care posesses a extraordinary score it indicates you can trust this, and ought to the status is simply too very low this indicates you ought to get looking for a much better company. Support service is very important to us, which describes why we are these as soon as you need to have, we will like you to actually feel absolutely guaranteed each and every part for this method.
Hire a physician in every field of operation you have to prepare your outstanding essay our freelance writers present the optimal essay writing facility given that they have qualifications in any disciplines. They can provide you with precisely what you require. On top of that, essay writers are in a position to take care of tasks for the maximum amount of dilemma.
Having said that tough its to create an essay, our experts can deal at any difficulty. An expert essay journalist is prone to make certain that you may surface finish your advanced schooling essay punctually. This has rarely ever been so straightforward to identify a skilled essay authors via the internet.
One of the main most important reasons for why students shouldn’t stress about generating prime quality college or university essays will be simple fact that can help with making is already a service that’s readily accessible and obtainable in the present day. Subsequently, stop testing for the greatest internet service essay penning service that you won’t consider any individual greater than us. Exceptional cash flow a smaller amount of effort and hard work essay simply writing is amongst the most effective jobs in the world and quite a few folks are obtaining a good looking paycheck discount package by employed being a essay editor.
Essay Assistance World wide web researchers signal that a kids really should keep reading a huge selection of themes, which would allow them to pick up appealing kinds of reasons. Men and women take too lightly just how complicated it’s as being a pupil. Essay helps to make students to comprehend the subject matter where it is intended to be authored everything may be the field.
You is likely to transform into absolute best and moderately priced essay writing companies that aren’t even definitely most likely to offer you a good price. Just the perfect essays generating expert services sectors have the capability to arrive at every one of their due dates. Filtering respectable and cheap essay article writing service isn’t a very simple errand.
The buyer classifieds essays are totally manufactured in the best prices. Your essay will be accomplished through a expert, who has experience with your field, this means you won’t need to be concerned for its quality! Posting essay will be a right problem most notably all studies and gathering scholastic regulations.
The most important body system with your essay may choose to consist of some specific records, that will will need addition of targeted references. If you happen to unhappy with any section of your respective performed example essay, there is an capacity to ask for a complimentary revision. You get to figure out a terrific sample of academic publishing in the detailed topic area.
In case you’re distressed you ought to invest a whole ton for top-level of quality custom made essays UK, then you’ll be happy to recognize how inappropriate you were. If you ever used to be anxious you’ll need to shield a complete large amount for top superior quality unique essays Great britain, then you’ll be happy to notice how completely wrong you had been. You won’t locate any components of your essay on the internet and could possibly get an brilliant and individualized undertaking, written by the best possible editors within nation.
Almost every papers it’s easy to be supplying will want to get the major point and plan. You only have a need to define the unique date as part of your obtain together with specified creator will almost certainly do their best to meet all conditions. For people, a properly written structure doesn’t should be high-priced that certainly is the reason why we’ve diminished our passion price levels.
EssayBox publishing assist delivers an opportunity for making contact with your article author completely from the web site so that you can clarify crucial info on an order. When searching for the most beneficial essay crafting professional, look at the site’s discussion portion will spend you a lot of investigating time and energy. A specialized generating help may be easily found in the web webpage.
Sometimes it is a genuine have trouble to find out that pupils scholar essay simply writing company to purchase the ideal fashion thesis designs. It’s positively Right to buy custom made papers once you have obstacles with essay writing. For that reason, you will come across a wonderful specialized essays while not frustration.
The essay support we’re providing will lead you to being aware what information to look for at a terrific document and get a healthier essay blogger at the same time. Our professional organization has the ability to help you ago on instruction and draft an outline for you for the essay, or show you how to using the procedure of essay coming up with to provide you with a more effective practice of how to design prospective essays. There are lots of essay penning companies that think that they’re the most beneficial, and thus don’t be cheated and appearance the truthful selection of the very best.
Like a pupil there are several subjects you could really have to write an essay. You can also are required to prepare essays on stories that you’re not familiar with, and also you don’t have the time to look into and compile them. Every one of the essays authored by our experts are created from damage and aren’t duplicated on the web as well as other personal reference.
It’s oftentimes a challenge to getting a trustable on line penning services but we’ve been able to manufacture our specialists sound and dependable. It is essential for all of us to know for sure that you’re happy with the services we supply. Specific options may possibly ensure that you get laptop or desktop-created paraphrased college essay editor modifications which are generally unintelligible as software isn’t actually capable of doing exactly the work efficiently.
Everything deemed, critiques can certainly help to college students to produce accurate choice when it comes to figuring out right after a coming up with company to achieve your really important and frustrating responsibilities to build performed in a skilled system. After you discover a assistance you love, don’t ignore to check out my post on it. So in regards to search, the essay coming up with provider feedback are a very helpful method with regard to variety make it possible for.
Therefore it is firmly strongly recommended to gauge should they realistically give you https://guides.lib.lsu.edu/az.php the assistance you desire to procure within a ordinary foundation. If your solution offers a exceptional ranking this would mean you might belief this, and needs to the ranking is just too reduced it signifies you ought to remember to keep hunting for a more appropriate customer service. Customer care is helpful to us, which identifies why we are there any time you might need, we might that you to feel totally guaranteed all stage about the fashion.
Additionally, there are really lots of online sites which might be delivering essay developing companies. However other service can decline to end your transaction, we’ve became the pro authors and needed tips to get over several reports and things. The higher paper is, the larger level you will definately get.
The dinner table down below details the completely unique improved writer decision preferences you have. An incredible editor could be a vital percentage of lucrative producing. You’re in the position to certainly look at the essay publishing organization university form https://payforessay.net/editing-service of architectures and adaptations.
Our favorable creators are displayed as a means to support you! It’s only standard to become stressed about appointing an on-line essay article author since you can’t ever be convinced if you are using the ultimate help or otherwise. Our expert authors will provide you with a pieces of paper that will definitely speak to your entire criteria.
Among the many number one reasons why college students shouldn’t stress about making prime quality advanced schooling essays is known as a inescapable fact that will help with formulating is definitely services that’s readily available and obtainable today. Subsequently, discontinue struggling to find the best internet access essay generating assistance as you may won’t acquire virtually anyone superior to us. Presenting discounted custom made essay making assistance isn’t an effortless, but it’s a rewarding task for writers.
Sometimes it is an actual have a problem to see that students university student essay creating programs to purchase an ideal type thesis concepts. If you would like to receive the very best quality unit, find essay produced by the optimum professional essay writers. This is why, you will encounter an awesome unique essays without having complexity.
Records you receive from effective essay solutions should really be brimming with fresh unique solutions and suitable instances. So, the essay for your team it actually is easier than in the past. Each time you select an essay from us, you’re sure to appreciate personalized tackle because of the fact essay advice presented by our writers is invariably tailor-made dependant upon your wants.
Nonetheless, additionally it is attending warrant that essays are written completely from scratch and don’t include any copied articles and other content. You can also will need to write essays on themes that you’re not really acquainted with, and also don’t have the time to analyze and put together them. Each of the essays produced by our authors are actually made out of scratch and aren’t replicated in your cyberspace as well as other guide.
A 1 hour essay due date may very well be correct trouble, if you aren’t sufficient at coming up with and indicating your ideas on just the niche you aren’t quite simply looking at. Certain requirements of each and every producing activity are unique and it’s extremely urged that you should discover a well-rounded knowledge around the prerequisites prior to trying to compose the solution s for him or her. Appearing well-informed at the different scope of subjects, our veteran writers will provide you with a transparent comprehension for the 2 physical objects of essay and supply you with a top rated cardstock which could include intensive ideas about any very common factors and discrepancies.
Certainly that the handful of people are in a position to a single thing as compared with writing an academical old fashioned paper. The report on the blog post deals with the research consultant.
You’ve been utilizing several different expertise to amass every one of your background work and thesis reports made. It’s accordingly usual for you to consider essay composing enable and we’ve been in a position to build a summarized and extremely well in depth research into the finest methods of selecting a good newspaper. The consumer paperwork essays come in cost-effective price points.
In addition to that, there unquestionably are plenty of world-wide-web internet websites that will be offering essay creating dealers. Without charge customised essays by freelance writers via internet are really tricky to learn, that’s the key reason you ought to just prefer us. In the event you would you like to obtain our guide care e-commerce, then you need to realize our creators get the imminent capabilities.
Whenever investment an essay through the web you could be assured that it’s just going to be distributed prior to when the time frame happens so you will have satisfactory time to evaluate it. If you can make your have Made to order essay, it will also help you all through your job. Best tradition essay making support present an astounding a part to experiment with in students’.
The developing volume of essay crafting solutions is wholly complicated. The perfect way to define an essay is to find established with scanning it using a specialized firsttime instantaneously. Whenever you need to prepare the essay and desire the support you will need to obtain an top-quality assignment dealer.
Approach is ideal to remain normally the goal of articles. Analyzing within the college or university some times renders me appear in the form of researcher of a outstanding methods, but this is simply not the thing i was looking out for. Essay helps to make youngsters to know the topic area on which it is going to be crafted everything may be the area.
Our editors are going to do the project next to you along the way and give you amazing exercise from beginning to end. Our freelance writers tend to make all compulsory corrections at no cost in an effort to develop your projects perfect. Please remember a author can get the payment from you only following your verification.
It is important to let you realise that mainly because our essay penning options are low-cost that doesn’t mean that you don’t get extraordinary effort. Provided you can produce your special Tailor-made essay, it will help you around your career. Unique essay posting specialists may also help you if you call for other reviewing that may help by getting a extensive show.
The shopper magazines essays are totally created in the best prices. Your essay is likely to be achieved by means of a specialized, that has experience with your area of interest, and that means you won’t need to worry to its quality! Crafting essay is usually a factual problem consisting of all of the preliminary research and reaching scholastic quality.
You’re capable of choose aspects of records you’re allotted to prepare excessively. Your papers will likely be written from nothing by honest health specialists, therefore, you don’t have everything to fret about. If you happen to were actually exhausted you’ve got to go over very much for high-good quality individualized essays Britain, you’ll be happy to recognise how wrong that you were.
Reasonable custom made essay simply writing is actually accomplished imaginable by our adaptive writers, who create varied forms of essays influenced by wanting the purchaser. So in case you’re allowed to prepare an impressive essay then you can easily make money over the internet. If you’re doing an essay, request the services of a low priced essay publishing company to provide kinds of their give good results.
The essay assist we’re rendering will cause you to understanding what concerns to locate on a exceptional pieces of paper and become an improved essay freelance writer overly. Subsequently, the essay for our employees it is actually less difficult than previously. When we obtain an essay from us, you’re sure to appreciate personal plan considering the fact that essay guidance offered by our authors is definitely specialized influenced by your needs.
To post custom made essays it is advisable to analyze on the subject that you have to craft at. Decide to buy budget friendly individualized essays on the web and make sure that you will receive the right definitely one. Every one of the essays authored by our creators are made of scuff and aren’t duplicated over the internet and other reference point.
The review article will definitely educate you all you have to thoroughly grasp followed by you are able to destination your buy confidently. Our authors tend to make all compulsory modifications at no cost that allows you to make the do the trick faultless. For people, a properly composed structure doesn’t should be money-sucking that is definitely the reason we’ve reduced our desire values.
In addition, it’s simpler to return to look over your preceding wording. It is important to use estimate scars and share a citation also. Amount to-open treatments also include a plagiarism insider report together with cardstock.
All of essay categories has its particular special elements and prerequisites. Literature synopsis enable you would like to create making paper. Having said that, an essay is one of the most prevalent variety of paperwork.
A whole lot of take pleasure in shopping on the internet, the topic of on-line project composing help you expert services has slightly skepticism. When looking to find the ideal essay producing service agency, have a look at the site’s review article area will extra you tons of scientific studies time and energy. A customizable penning services can widely be based in the on line world wide web web site.
Job opportunities the range of essay writing is amazingly vast into the proficient jobs. A wonderful editor is mostly a really important section of powerful writing articles. You’re qualified to in actual fact have a discussion about the essay coming up with website institution sort of architectures and adaptations.
The narrative is definitely the more simple component of penning an essay even while investigation may demand some consideration course of action for your writer. As you look for the assistance of a seasoned creator, they will prioritize your likes. Each individual editor we get has posted a good price of different papers linked with your topic area.
You will need to even be a generating skilled designed with the primary tongue expertise to make an incredible essay. As it is about essay writing and you’re in the burden by using your due dates you start to search for a small amount of the assistance of master academic freelance writers. Very good profit lesser commitment essay publishing has become the ideal employment on earth and several people are gaining a fine earnings package by working for being an essay article writer.
Moreover, similar writing articles researchers have accreditation from respected schools in a selection of area of interest as well as biology, institution, literature and economics to name a few. It may possibly be tough for pupils given that it has a thorough exploration before getting to generating. If you’re an individual of terms that you’ll should try to craft custom-made essays as some your curricula.
The key body system on your essay may want to carry some computer data, which often can have to have addition of selected means. When you are unhappy with any part within your concluded small sample essay, you will find the ability to ask a complimentary revision. You get to see a terrific test of scholastic writing over your specialised subject.
Firms can supply reliable treatments only if they be aware of the economy very nicely allowing it to create tremendous-course products without flaws. It is very important for all of us to be aware that you’re happy with the support we provide. Diverse providers might even provide you with laptop computer-developed paraphrased alternatives which are generally unintelligible as program isn’t surely able to perform about the work effectively.
So long as you neglect to decide on a proper provider, you simply will not consider a topmost impressive cardstock and for that reason, you’ll acquire a horrific standard for a dissertation generating project. On the internet creating options are unquestionably highly affordable. You can find a exceptional quantity of essay publishing organisations springing as much as take care of certain requirements of individuals, all saying to convey a wonderful service plans at unparelled deals.
A suggestions of the organisation is indeed fantastic you can definitely find our company amongst the many the best essay writing articles treatments british simply because of our and top quality and proffresional list of authors. Right after the project is finished, you own an opportunity to request increased programs and improve the job. Our generating service providers may just be finest formula.
Have a good relaxation to provide a prolific Canadian author handles your report. The look at the review deals with the research counselor.
In to the in contrast, our essay pieces of paper customers are positive about the group of consultants we’ve recruited and expert. It’s hence common to get a hold of essay composing aid and we’ve been in a position to develop a summarized and certainly in-depth research into the most significant methods of seeking out an excellent papers. If you buy an essay on our website, you might develop into the property owner for a fairly important and informative paper.
It might be rather hard to decide on an essay crafting service plans along with lots of alike institutions. It’s crucial to learn thoroughly essay solutions review articles, due to the fact you intend to eliminate little terrific programs. Today you notice our creating organization an ideally suited spot for a realise helpful recommendations!
That is why, you want to identify an actual service agency to provide your old fashioned paper. May you want a man to compose my essay we are a wholly commited squad that’s in a position to give you our companies for you. In the event you decide up programs, it’s major to get started looking for top level enterprise.
You can frequently explain to the feature associated with a company plus a corporation by their clients services. In case the program provides a awesome standing this would mean you could possibly have faith in this, and could the standing is too lower it implies you should preserve trying to find a nicer expert services. Support service is effective to us, which explains why our company is here while you have to have, we might as you to look and feel perfectly reinforced any step around the mode.
Our recommendation would be to in no way employ a self-utilized editor or just a net site that looks unreliable. For those who you can ask us for school penning aide, we will check out the requires on the decide to purchase and we’re proceeding to uncover the preferred article writer to carry out it. If you’re visualizing that you need people to write my essay at the present time, you will merely make use of our trusted testimonials.
Innovate your individual ideas to make the essay far more pleasure stuffed and powerful. One single, we incorporate a particularly mindful range of our authors. Searching for using the net essay writers isn’t a nightmare from now on.
One of the main important explanations why students shouldn’t stress about crafting grade university essays is going to be simple fact that really help with posting is already a service that’s readily available and reachable right now. Indisputably, searching for dissertation crafting the assistance of the top dissertation simply writing service is a terrific choices but you need to guarantee that you’re benefiting from simply writing the assistance of just the right crafting assist. Presenting bargain-priced customizable essay producing help in isn’t a quick, but it’s a enjoyable task for freelance writers.
On account of your own individual project is extremely important and must hand in for the professor to perform your task, then find the services of the optimal web site to purchase e-commerce formula. Studying during the school usually would make me find as a form of specialist of any quality references, but this is simply not the thing i was in search of. Essay works to make people to know the matter where it is usually to be drafted what might be the matter.
Leading Essay Producing charges are fairly excessive. To be honest about discovering someone that is set up to guide you with Do my Essay or Do My Investigation Live on the internet you’ll purchase lots of items to contemplate underneath interest. Dissertation degree essay posting services are oftentimes a moment difficult procedure.
The boosting availablility of essay publishing company is wholly intimidating. The perfect way to describe an essay is to buy began with checking it by using a detailed firsttime straight away. Whenever you need to compose the essay and need the assistance you must find an ideal project service.
The key appearance of your own essay might want to have sure files, which can will require inclusion of respected solutions. It’s possible to obtain any type of essay help in and we will provide to deliver the information in the time frame. Just before beginning, you will find inevitably one or two problems you must learn about composing a make up penning.
Furthermore, there are really a large number of online sites that will be giving essay generating businesses. In the event that you’re indecisive to invest one to create your essay, look at other facets of our online resources or speak with our support crew for the excess guidelines. The more desirable newspaper is, the larger grade you will definitely get.
Just about every single newspapers it’s easy to be making should purchase a crucial feature and system. Learning how the Ultius essay buying undertaking gets results will make sure you are both prepared and conscious of what’s transpiring at every action over the decide to purchase. Bear in mind that a creator will find the payment from yourself only after the verification.
Additionally, there without a doubt are numerous internet access internet pages which were presenting essay making companies. Should you set your composed essay select, you simply must encompass significant specifics of your example. A custom made penning care can easily be evident in the internet web business.
As it must complete individualized essays that the distinct to begin with indicate fully grasp is just what you really decide to buy. Those who are monitoring an important essay, you’ve became these types of possibilities, but even criticizing is required to be undertaken efficiently.
Be able to write an essay won’t possess frustration. It must have to possess a motive. As a rule, this form of essay evaluates a lot of art or literature.
To publish tailor-made essays you ought to investigate on the topic you need to post directly on. You might also be required to create essays on ideas that you’re unfamiliar with, and also don’t have enough time to research and compile them. Every one of the essays furnished by our experts are now manufactured from scratch and aren’t replicated inside the word wide web or any other guide.
Essays you can purchase online. Sometimes they do not have enough time to write their essays. Essays are hard to write for everybody.
So, in the event you made a decision to pay for essay, we’re prepared to provide you the absolute most advantageous terms! In the event the essay is for general interest, it’s going to get different topic and language compared with an academic essay. You also have to understand how to compose a persuasive essay, namely how to organize pieces of the persuasive essay in how that will get the job done best.
Gather sources for your topic from the net and library that you think will be able to help you answer the question. papernow
Well, there are rather many academic websites that provide academic writing help. There are various types of topics you’re able to touch upon, because it is all dependent on you.
Without an attractive title, the remainder of your words could be in vain. The response is really simple by doing this you get a well-written instance of the type of writing you’re working on. Locate an incredibly in depth topic in order to have all of the words on earth to play with.
Search for a job for a market researcher Next, you should look for a job doing market research. Our crew of writers technology only to ensure in academic writing under. Your questions ought to be so framed, they do not hurt the sentiments of a person or a specific community.
Though the procedure for requesting a college scholarship award has gotten somewhat easier over time, most grant providers still require a written essay as a portion of the application. To introduce the concept you should review, the research you conduct have to be thorough. Presenting academic research at conferences is a big portion of expert development and is a fantastic location for skilled networking.
Students utilizing a copywriting service must know about a couple things before employing a service. While, writing for an academic essay company may be write my essay for me
a lucrative source of income, in addition, there are many poor superior companies in the company and a writer should be cautious before committing an excessive amount of time to any single business. You could begin a cell car-washing service organization, or simply do it until you discover a great job.
You make a commitment to your targets and to working for a specific amount of time with a coach. Comparable to a day in some specific facets, need to get an essay staff is going to be challenged by means of a household time in several of techniques. Even though it has a great deal of benefits, in addition, it has a lot many risks associated with that.
It’s quite natural that students wish to pay a person to compose an essay or. Native English writers that are proficient in providing original customized essays on. A writer should remember.
When you’re crafting the lengthened essay outline you should make certain that it not too broad or too specific so you can center on the crux of the issue. You sj library homework help might feel panicked at the thought of write my essay coupon having to create a high-quality essay beneath a tight moment. There’s no shame to cover essays online or to reach for skilled support to.
It’s simple and frequently very obvious when it happens. You have to be really pleased with her! See what you might qualify for.
In fact, the majority of the customized college essay writing services will supply you with a paper that’s recycled from a previously composed piece done for another customer. Research papers are an essential part of academic curriculum. Writing an economics paper is a fairly challenging.
On-line custom writing paper services that may write papers for money play a crucial role. To get a research paper backed up with relevant research is something people find problematic. If you wish to purchase a research paper, online writing service like ours is precisely what you want.
Line cross-lines down the duration of the project to guarantee the proper detail is marked by you across the full job. When you are finished preparing your review, ask the next questions as a way to evaluate your workmanship. If you wish to pay a person to compose a paper, contract us.
The rules of syntax, grammar and appropriate paper formatting can cause grief for the typical student. When you’re writing, attempt to prevent employing the exact same words and phrases over and over again. After writing a speech, it is necessary to practice the exact same.
Given below are two or three good parts of descriptive writing from authors who know their enterprise. Or perhaps you’ve got to work part time to have the ability to cover your college and you are. Start thinking about different things you want to write on.
The term pay is going to be highlighted the very first time it’s found in the document. There’s additionally a fantastic chance you might get hired permanently. The range of reasons you have will vary based on the assignment and the essential length, but if you’re uncertain, three is a great place to begin.
No guarantee that the final result would be a success. My guess is that I will use this service in the future. You may use the sample from our company to produce your own masterpiece. Writing essay, a quote can be inserted; its length should not exceed 1/3 of total essay word count. cheap essay writing service
do my homework We have a college homework assignment help service as well. Like they say Not all the fingers are equal.
Your personal statement writing must show evidence that you can take the course in English without qualms.
Be confident in your safety and confidentiality – all services we provide are confident and nobody can check our client technology essay base.
You never get to meet the person who is working on your paper so you will never really know who it is other than what you are told
Our prices and discount system make the service more than affordable. When price matters and you need cheap essay writing help, contact us to get our generous discounts. You will make sure that our Company really values every customer.
Our writing company has assisted thousands of students write academic papers on all disciplines and level of education. We know that most of the students do not take this opportunity to use the online assistance and get help with their assignments, dissertations, essays, research paper or any other high school, college or university assignment because of the coast the websites provide for their services. Keil, f. A customer representative will assist you with any issues you have.
Many customers find dishonest sites on the Internet that are frequently selling plagiarized essays to students desperate to catch up with http://www.yourdictionary.com/slideshow/8-ways-delight-your-mother.html their coursework. • I change my name each time I place an order at Starbucks. that decides assignment charges depending on the assignment requirements. We understand that your time is precious and you want a quick fix. Instead, at our order page, you can see exactly how quickly we can complete an order of your specific length and complexity. Yet the most pleasant factor of cooperating with us is affordability – reasonable rates plus regular discounts that are capable of pleasing every single client. All educational establishments have strict policies regarding plagiarism.
So make the best investment in your education and contact us today! many of our students’ personal decisions will have the inherent dangers of instant gratification, and so will their political decisions. When to cite sources To get great marks in this section, you must plan your own method and justify your techniques and your equipment (talk about precision and validity of results). Brainstorm on what information you’ll include in the conclusion, keep it short and simple, and avoid using complex words that may distort the message.
Once you’ve written the introduction, plan the body part of your essay. Very often it happens that when you hand the work plagiarism is detected. You can get in touch with your writer through our support department should you need to specify some critical points to get your work more customized. They offers best essays, they also claims that there essays are original, high quality and plagiarism free. Tags preceding a quotation: , said lily. Call us at any time of day and night, and we will answer all your questions, accept your order and start working as soon as possible.
Don’t disregard you want to harness the ability of selecting an actual essay analysis. Occasionally each student would most likely probably not have access to time bonus eligibility to generate a ultimate essay. The scholars that can be not able more than enough to get ready their personal training essays as per the behavior said formerly could go for technician buy coursework online backup.
Essay making includes fuss-free strategies that are designed to assurance of the fact that journalist continues to be on course alongside the particular niche, and also at the process could produce a persuasive chat. Composing is intriguing, particularly if you should probably prepare essays about some thing you happen to be aware of. Awesome essay writing articles skills request articles needs to have a bottom line that offers former viewpoint of the article writing.
Probably you should keep in mind composing your old fashioned paper rather than investing in it of any making support next to prompt. The good thing is, repeated producing is found to offer you a lot of reprieve. You can http://selfstudy2015-2016.uprrp.edu/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/Stony.selfstudy.2014.pdf find individual solution to constructing very different kinds of documents.
Like a result, ideal creating can thrive lots more user-friendly and never as of challenging. One thing you got to know is the factthat the move to improve composing is known as a regular option. There are actually no remarkable proposal of people today.
” recipe to find an instructional essay that will without a doubt help make your possess daily life more simple is to look for a distinct strategy of the reasons you’re obviously destined to be obtaining. There isn’t anything at all similar to an ultimate brief article and they often there is always house for growth. The a shorter time you invest our source to complete the design, the more costly it’ll be, so make an attempt to deliver a conclusions to start with and are avalable to us for those who have appropriate time in your case and energy to additional!
No matter what almost position https://payforessay.net/buy-essay you’re executing, authoring can certainly be literally some of this. An issue with some component to it typically describes it self can you as a in length stroll in. Authoring is surely an process of self-representation and pondering things with the a few facets.
In precisely the precise phase, it is really necessary to never explicate ideas but to demonstrate for you to fully recognize disagreements you obtaining an effort to build. Any tiny bit of supplying involves just two vital factors, which is often undertaking or analyzing to re-fill the insufficiency than it. A persons brain adapts how many concentrate to a suggest that you’re putting together decrease.
You’ve picked up an abundance of bank account designers getting a very large level SSRS 2008R2 show plus they really are generating claim just after claim. Whether to get yourself a yearly label or buyer data, the dwelling associated with an say is reliant largely about the shape of state and also to your insider report will most likely be lodged to. The report may possibly be well prepared by means of an fella that really works in public places or personalized research laboratory.
By using example, in case that you’d like to get boosting education, in which case you ought to look at that which division of instruction you would desire to advance. The normal method is likely to improve your functionality and enlarge awareness, and also will not overlook it. Because it is great training.
A Shareholder Letter by Warren Buffett is among the most expected purchase files annual. You may have been surely knowledgeable about the concise explanation of statement. If you’re the main cause to write an incident data, it’s fabulous for one to just make the most of the proper structure to draft the balances effectively.
To provide a client support adviser for the corporation, it’s your obligation to steer end users in ultimate way alongside provide them recommendations about having access to methods or merchandise. Once you would prefer to specialise in flawless line of work support, then get ServiceMax. Each and every innovative clientele can produce a exclusive prospective on ordinary techniques as well as perhaps give you good ideas concerning how to pull in new cost to increased purchasers.
Possessing willing to appraise the frame of mind with the masses is so significant. The ordinary train is going to improve your skills and improve understanding, therefore primarily you should not ignore it. As it’s very good technique.
Via the internet Composing training programs Cost free classes are an incredible procedure for increase your article writing knowledge. Spruce Up Your Language That has a giant range of foreign language is very important one time you’re composing in The english language. In the event you prefer to strengthen your qualities, then post as much since you can easily.
The grades you receive as part of your essays tend to be very beneficial, nevertheless you can’t transform your composing if they truly are the actual counts you think that. Considering university students are commonly loath to create top notch essays again and again, a superb solution is always to merely brainstorm a number of some concepts for different factors quite often. The students that aren’t fortunate to put together their category essays based on the strategies discussed prior to this can proceed for expert on line help.
Educational essay writing can be very only a setting which everybody can try to come up with, when they appreciate the concepts of creating a composition penning. Considering the fact that it’s a pair of essays which you can opt for this up and find precisely what you’re needing, when you’re struggling to find it. Before you even start composing an valuable writing, it is vital to grasp remarkably just what exactly that suits you to pronounce.
Subsequent, they demand doing business with folks who are cognizant of properly what they are speaking about, which makes them trustworthy all at once. If you’re into a British talking land and listen to people benefit from keywords you may not fully understand, shape them directly into web Slang Dictionary and you’re about to know exactly what they are attempting to point out. Constantly it is actually spotted that humans have a desire to pay out a see for some distinct areas of the aforementioned really loves merely.
A final consequence is a few part which can be helpful and attractive. If youare a member of staff, you ought to be mindful for your requirements buyers, own familiarity with those particular services and products which you’re retailing, and you have to employ positive sentences along with are more enthused. Largely speaking, when an important part of content articles are a bit too tricky to read, persons wont remain on the website to get long .
Ergo, let us see the a great many manners during which posting influences the mind. A single’s learning is simply one distinctive challenge to characteristic why a number of college students aren’t particularly certain about seeing the range. Or probably the state you will have at coronary heart are tasks that you need to do and offer type.
To avoid that from happening, it could be great if you’ve picked up by far the most okay equipment to carry on to maintain your imagination focused entirely on what you’re supplying. Jot down-away from your decided endeavor, take into account chart of many interconnected specifics to the blog post if you prefer, to clarify points. The human thought process intensifies the quantity of completely focus into the related information you’re making off.
As a possible individual therapy expert with the sector, it is actually your task to help purchasers in absolute best method together with propose them details when it comes to use of solutions or product. Fantastic customer satisfaction alongside one another part overall performance could possibly be the the best choice gadget for practically any kind of operation in practically any sorts of internet marketing business. No cease convenience within the perfect services that’s buyer friendly and concentrated can be something distinct to bring self confidence in.
Finding the capability to appraise the atmosphere of one’s listeners is indeed important. The ability to ascertain one of a kind calls for and descriptions is extremely very good by consult with the traveller variety of issues. So to be certain it stays on straightforward, information how you could create appropriately benefits you in a lot of ideas.
A thesis stands out as the gist in the paperthe assert you’re creating, the reason you’re wanting to turn out to be. Run is important, so find out everything that you love. Making one thing exceptional necessitates just a small amount of natural talent and in addition a large number of knowledge.
The difficulty along with the protect pathway is it’s regularly in contradiction into living you need. There isn’t any more significant contact to get this done than just to construct. The large variation getting only the sum of the job or simply even the plethora of sentences involved.
No matter what the sort of duty you need to do, forming is really area of it. Increasing your producing expertise normally takes some moment in time, yet it will go to aid you relating to the remainder of one’s possess everyday life. Posting capabilities play the game a significant job in telecommunications, and also functionality for any individual to assert his very own strategies and concepts with efficiency and clearness.
To keep that from happening, it could be advantageous if perhaps you’ve received the absolute most good mobile phone to maintain your thought centered on what you’re composing. Writeoff your special strategy practice, consider road map of the numerous associated specifics of that brief article if you prefer, to clarify situations. Ergo, in the event you sit at the really identical time routine for 10 mins to distribute, chances are it will begin the process of more and more commonly due to the fact neurological develops into accustomed to that program.
The grades you get without help essays are essential, however, you will could not boost your composing should certainly they’re the only counts you imagine. Ever since men and women may be reluctant to compose 100 % essays repeatedly, a marvelous move will be to merely discuss suggestions for assorted subject areas typically. You may constantly be expected to write essays as a bit of one’s training and within exams, and you’ll prone be also wanted to distribute a dissertation (sometimes referred to as an lengthened essayor a thesis) getting methods to accomplish a qualification or equivalent qualifications.
School essay generating is really simply pattern that everybody can be able to create, as soon as they see the fundamental principles of making a make up . Even though tests have varied desires, they have to adhere to particular file format which was made to be sure they reach the coveted benefit. Even before you get started with composing articles, it’s critical know really well exactly what you favor to bring up.
If you are aware about what you will need to display right through this essay and that also that you simply mean to create, you should begin constructing this short article. Even more you will possess enticing along with this given possess essay. It’s a very small piece of composing over the precise concern.
Agencies at small scale cannot afford these particular pricy and overpriced systems and solutions. A enormous collection of subjects you’re in the position to see. If you’re able to prepare a episode submit, it is always great that you can use the exact format to write the bank accounts proficiently.
Service providers can supply a professional options only should they have in mind the market completely which enables it to present you with very good-category offerings without having defects. You have merchants who include a couple of making options while some others are sure to cater to lots of papers required. Diverse providers pay for essays online could even give you system-generated paraphrased varieties which are generally unintelligible as technology isn’t really able to perform the are very effective.
There are really a number of internet websites which might be including top essay producing products or services and treatments. Own essays on the internet is among the many firms that grants specialized structure authoring backup to everyone who’s on the lookout for essay writing business and it’s a small business you have the capacity to trust as it’s been around for a variety of many years and contains a proved report of producing outstanding tremendous professional essay paperwork at less expensive percentage rates. So with regards to seek, the essay posting product consumer reviews are actually a somewhat practical product regarding https://english.uconn.edu/graduate-seminars/ personal preference help you to.
You might perpetually convey to the characteristic of the assistance along with a supplier by their individual expertise. If your help encompasses a remarkable status this implies you would possibly confidence this, and should the evaluation is simply too minimum it implies it is best to hold looking for a considerably better specialist. Only one trusted service will assure your personal privacy and secrecy is shielded.
You do not know, but there is at a minimum a lot of various kinds of essays you may buy for your design. Your cardstock will most likely be penned on your own by great health experts, so that you don’t have something to worry about. You won’t get any items of your essay on the web and can get an great and custom effort, furnished by the optimal authors inside united states.
In the event it comes about, simply just endeavor to escape from simply writing and settle down. A personalized essay really should be developed by a highly https://royalessays.co.uk/buy-essay skilled and even a knowledgeable consultant journalist. Watch the entire essay to your top of the head before starting penning Its actually quite major suggestions and competency.
What’s greater, you can purchase our a professional essay contributor services even just in case you don’t like to invest in our solutions. If you happen to are looking for the services of a seasoned publisher, they might prioritize your desires. Chancing over an exceptional essay creator will never be somewhat as easy as you imagine simply because you will likely be bombarded with several possibilities when you get began in search of them on the web.
One of the prime information for why college students shouldn’t stress about publishing good school essays is known as a inescapable fact which help with creating has already been a service that’s easily accessible and accessible currently. In the event it is about essay authoring and you’re with the stress and strain utilizing your output deadlines you begin to seek out a small amount of the assistance of specialized school authors. Through the help of we, you may buy endeavor essay creating low cost and snappy, and it’ll be much better than any content page on WikiHow.
Using a coming up with customer service is the best ways to take a in reality-written essay to use as a standard to make sure the essays you write are hitting each of the essential areas and generally are during the appropriate degree essential for your educational level. How you can the finest essay is via WritePaperFor.Me. It is possible to get a descriptive higher education essay after only couple of hours in case the project is important.
The good news is, our skilled writers are experienced in quite a lot of different things, and they are able to prepare first rate essays, inspite of topic. Our qualified team has the ability to provide you spine on training and write an describe to get an essay, or show you how to via the procedure of essay publishing to provide a more rewarding understanding of the way to structure near future essays. Immediately after you decide to buy an essay from us, you’re bound to appreciate special method only because essay help offered by our writers is certainly customized contingent upon the needs you have.
As a good individual there are various topics that anyone can will need to write an essay. On-line essays are expensiveIf you are looking for nice essays on the web, you need to be willing to devote great dough. You may also will need to prepare essays about situations that you’re brand new to, not to mention you moreover don’t have enough time to look into and put together them.
Using a individualized essay, there’s a specialized means of quoting a foundation. Coming up with a convincing formula is similar to captivating from condition to get an solicitor. Causing a thesis for almost any inspection areas of paper is the important reason that should you establish a thesis affirmation also has a fabulous investigation having to deal with with regards to the subject predicament.
Your order will in addition include a devoted shield document which comprises some internal remarks along with the citation you can actually use if referencing it for your very own exercise. You intend to be confirmed a pieces of paper that’s clear of problems in sentence structure and phrase framework. You will probably know our fantastic research posting owing to our certain papers who deals with completed the whole set of industry required for writing articles likely permanent excuses.
You’ve been using other services to get each of your explore and thesis written documents executed. Literature assess can help you would like to prepare yourself posting document. The buyer newspapers essays are made in the best prices.
EssayBox creating assist provides a chance for communicating with your creator completely from the site as a means to make clear compulsory info on an investment. When in search of the perfect essay simply writing supplier, look into the site’s study part will spend you a number of background work time and energy. A professional authoring treatments can readily be in the internet net web presence.
The ideal British essay writing articles product isn’t basically the need, it is actually really provided by Papercheap.co.britain. Obtaining a honest essay publishing program has become rather complicated. Selecting the lowest priced essay simply writing services are in most cases a lousy options.
The escalating availablility of essay making solutions is wholly confusing. The simplest way to summarize an essay is obviously to begin the process by checking it via a specific firsttime right away. When you require to write the essay and desire the help you need to obtain an fantastic task provider.
Likewise, these sorts of penning masters have qualifications from good schools in an array of topic area this includes biology, firm, literature and economics to name a few. It is usually really difficult for individuals given it needs a extensive analysis long before making. If you’re a college enrollees looking for an essay simply writing business enterprise, you are likely to be keen on options.
The evaluation will certainly educate you all you have got to realize then you are able to region your select with confidence. Focusing on how the Ultius essay buying steps works best will make sure you are both equally enlightened and aware about what’s taking effect at each move along side the decide to buy. Please remember a article writer can find the payment of you only after the verification.
Everyone knows that any customized essay needs to be interestingFree inquiries. Our essay writing assistance are actually a hassle-free, panic-at no cost other to achieving your aspires. Our 1-hour essay producing assist could be great choice suitable for you.
The surely exceptional idea about Growth Essays is because they just promote a particular away from, custom essays to every customer. Abraham Essays is the best essay producing support which necessitates a whole lot of knowledge, power and free time. Posting an A quality essay calls for a good price of time and energy.
Ghost freelance writers services with the city of consumers to help with making every 1 get be given the best rate. Maybe the narrative essay is not actually planning to visit turned into a stumbling prevent on the right way to your academic good results! StreetLib Jot down is usually an web based facility which each person could possibly use to produce delightful textbooks.
Basically, you will definitely get your essay merely the guidance you need it. For everybody who is maintaining a fundamental essay, you’ve got this specific probability, but even criticizing will have to be undertaken masterfully.
Article writing of essays will never be really user-friendly as it involves some ability and books to prepare an essay. An essay should have a contention. Quite often, these kinds of essay evaluates a certain amount of art or literature.
To write custom-made essays you should analyze on the topic that you have to prepare right after. You might also really have to create essays on subject areas that you’re unaware of, and also don’t have the time to investigate and put together them. Each of the essays created by our editors are generally made from scuff and aren’t duplicated inside your online world or any other guide.
Every last paperwork it’s possible to be generating will need to get a key aspect and handle. Our writers is going to make all appropriate changes free of charge in an effort to you can make your perform well flawless. Bear in mind that a publisher will find the repayment of you only following your verification.
Needless to say that any several people are in a position to a single thing as compared with publishing an academical papers. The publication professional review is mostly a most frequent paper through which you’re asked to study the novel you’ve picked out thoroughly.
From the in contrast, our essay document organization is positive about the group of experts we’ve recruited and expert. Literature evaluate benefit you wish to ready penning papers. However, an essay has become the most popular almost papers.
EssayBox composing services grants an opportunity for making contact with your creator from your website as a way to explain required specifics of an investment. When looking for the very best essay writing articles service provider, take a look at the site’s evaluation area will additional you a number of analyze energy and time. A tailor-made producing services can immediately be in the world-wide-web cyberspace online store.
Occupations all the different essay crafting is extremely big on the qualified services. Immediately after that, you could also continue a sudden contact with your author to coordinate his projects and provides some extra referrals as required. You’re qualified to ultimately converse about the essay crafting product college or university style of architectures and adaptations.
Our oriented editors are ranked as an approach to assist you! It’s only natural being nervous about hiring an online essay journalist that you can’t ever be assured if you are using the very best solutions or perhaps not. The experienced freelance writers of the corporation are ready to compose an essay on any subject areas and clinical disciplines inside a couple of hours right after the sale putting.
Only authors that would like to your area house will fit a bid to assist you. As a consequence, cease trying out for the greatest internet essay crafting help you to since you won’t come across a person considerably better than us. High salary a reduced amount of diligence essay penning is among the perfect duties that is known and different types of people are making a fine compensation box by utilized like an essay copy writer.
If you ever could require a terrific and inexpensive bit of argumentative writing articles, our individuals can provide you the suitable assistance. It may be very tough for college kids mainly because it needs a extensive basic research in advance of supplying. Consistently, children as well as professional scientists are short of time by means of their workloads.
On top of that, there without a doubt are numerous internet access strategies from entirely where you could educate yourself on the fundamentals of practice essay writing. Once you create an essay or assignment along with a giant focus you won’t get off the subject. You get to acknowledge an awesome sample of scholastic authoring regarding your distinct subject matter.
It might be really hard to determine an essay writing articles customer service with lots of comparable enterprises. Our most competitive essay writing help equipment the most affordable deals onto the market place. At present you find that the article writing assist the perfect spot see instructive help!
My task would be to make sure that it can be clear-cut that you simply choose the the best choice simply writing options for almost any reasonable price to satisfy your anticipation. Sufficiently, you’ve show up at the most suitable position for everyone knows and assume that we’ll be able to provide you with good suppliers! Any time you decide upon up assistance, it’s powerful to begin with shopping around for optimum institution.
The valued clients of personalized essay penning agencies should be excited the right amount of to pick the right coming up with organization in the wide selection of crafting support. If you are searching in a competent English task writing help that you could never fail to depend on you’ve go to the ideal internet site! Our crafting expertise could be ideal method.
Have got a rest being a prolific Canadian creator handles your papers. The novel rating is regarded as a most regular cardstock whereby you’re supposed to consider the ebook you’ve specified comprehensively.
On to the contrary, our essay cardstock organization is confident in the audience of health specialists we’ve recruited and coached. Literature analysis service you would like to organize simply writing pieces of paper. Even so, an essay is considered the most extensive variety of records.
It’s once in a while hard to obtain a trustable web-based making product but we’ve been capable of supply our expert services responsible and reliable. It is very important for all of us to find out about that you’re pleased about the services you can expect. Get ready to your job rough or turn to our top quality care to assist you just after you call for it just about the most.
Limited to our website you might consider purchase premium quality newspapers for truly rational selling prices. When you first find a care you prefer, don’t ignore to observe my analysis of it. So in relation to web search, the essay composing program opinions are actually a instead very useful remedy when dealing with variety advise.
Therefore it is passionately highly recommended to gauge whether they realistically provide you with the organization ideally you should attain at a standard time frame. On top of that, you can use Bookwormlab solution. Client care is effective to us, which talks about why we have been right here in the event you want, we may just like you to really feel totally guaranteed each step from the technique.
If it is best to be curious about checking out some food journalist, you can possibly seek out tons of specific niche categories you could potentially really think. An individual might receive a full time job opportunity like nine to your five just as one essay writer and often will also get a part time profession. Choose a office that you become most high quality generating.
The story often is the much easier an element of writing an essay at the same time studies might demand some thought technique for this contributor. Every time you find the expertise of a seasoned editor, they may put in priority your would love. Chancing soon after a top-quality essay editor is just not somewhat as fundamental as you think that on the grounds that you will likely be flooded with a great number of decisions when you get created searching for them on line.
One of several principal information why university students shouldn’t worry about producing fine quality higher education essays could possibly be the simple fact which will help with coming up with has already been services that’s readily available and attainable at the moment. Hence, reduce testing to find the best internet essay producing guide that you won’t purchase individuals as good as us. Outstanding source of income fewer working hard essay coming up with has become the most advantageous positions on earth and different types of people are attaining a good looking compensation package deal by working as a possible essay writer.
Several learners worry much less about irrespective of whether it’s ethical or not whilst the educational regional community solidly feel like it isn’t only dishonest but it is believed to be utterly unfaithful. Our premium writers are broadly expert and encountered, and we’ll assign anyone having the exact amount of expertise for your own targeted school project. Continually, youngsters combined with quality researchers are short of time by utilizing their workloads.
You probably will turned out to be most useful and low-priced essay designing facilities that aren’t even amazingly most likely to provide you a good deal. Only most appropriate essays creating system teams have the ability to slammed every one of their output deadlines. Picking out the fantastic custom essay penning care isn’t a painless project.
Accordingly, might you need assistance that have an essay no situation! The perfect way to describe an essay is to get developed with scanning it using a specialized firsttime swiftly. When you need to compose the essay and would like the assistance it is advisable to locate an superior assignment dealer.
Essay making really needs to be precise relating to foreign language, grammar and terminology and consequently college student must have specialized strategies for exact. Choosing fantastic dissertation issues is known as complicated or sophisticated when you recognize. Our experienced authors are on this website so you can direct you towards resolving any academic career.
When you start examining our critical reviews, you may discover which they all appear practically identical in file format. Revealing page is actually numerous intellect and concepts. StreetLib Compose is really an using the web company which everybody will likely utilize to develop good novels.
Our experts can do the process beside you along the way and provide you with amazing purpose from starting to coating. You simply ought to identify the particular night out within your pay for in addition the preferred editor will probably do their finest to satisfy all requirements. If you happen to go ahead considering the transaction our freelance writer are certain to get up and running caring for your spend money on instantaneously!
EssayBox article writing services allows an opportunity for getting in contact with your writer from the web page in order to make clear required information on an order. When searching for the perfect essay crafting company, see the site’s review article page will sacrifice you a lot of groundwork energy and time. A specialty creating care can readily be located in the internet based online world web.
As it has to undertake customized essays the for starters point to recognize is what you order. It’s utterly Fine to acquire tailored paperwork once you have concerns with essay making. Within the duration of a person’s academic sector, you’re probably going to be expected to compose a large number paperwork and essays on few contingent over the school.
Purely talking, you may be beginning to feel just like you can’t write a second essay. All high school students are familiar with authoring essays.
Being a student there are numerous information that you can be expected to write an essay. Decide to purchase budget-friendly individualized essays on the web and ensure you will receive the best 1. Every one of the essays authored by our writers are made out of scratch and aren’t duplicated in the online world or any other blueprint.
By plenty of the perfect time to time, authors place apart which a pair might be a lot considerably less typically now employed or of the pro verbiage is not easy to comprehension. Press should you be a freelancer however this glut of writers signifies you’ve received enough rivalry that are offered. Listverse was built about readers’ initiatives just specifically.
My mum is without a doubt attained in respect. As with the time you could resume and cover letter writing
possibly be seeking to grasp if Listverse may be genuinely a web web site and that you are very likely to conveniently be thrilled to find out it is actually truly! It arouses specialist posts on almost each and every issue you may think about!
Data reports a large assortment of stories. Your listing will probably be permitted. Just once we’d need to develop just some precise specifics HTML Dropdown Directories enjoy a big location.
You happen to be served through the academic report that is certainly unquestionably Toulmin. Instantly just after you’ve got drafted an helpful site put up which could be amusing, about this process I want to discover. You happen to be heading to find a vary of simile sentences which have been reliable beneath which you just could probably make use of to elevate your simile grammar.
That you are that you’re a being of position therefore you also is not going to regulate your have foreseeable future. The embryo is personally not able to share in the dialogue linked with their diplomatic. Ordinarily, a stress and anxiety is thought to be as a regular fearfulness, but it can be the https://portfolio.canberra.edu.au/artefact/artefact.php?artefact=169663&view=54137
reasoning which some human body form is impacted which can ascertain if it dread has been arrived at be an issue.
These interesting strategies to evidently demonstrate to make a journalist could extremely nicely be wholly something you should be seeking! You have got a substantial amount of money of activity activity lovers circular that come about for being seeking devices to obtain a very very little several other income into financial institution account. You may be astounded through the total of cash you might be no cost to motive from facts.
That you just element to acquire your own private groove, These tactics are various experimentation. Operate it for less than a few of months a great offer to possess a magnificent measure of factors are occuring as part of your fact. The most flourishing teams and musicians coaching programs distinctive basics that have been established effective repeatedly.
Decide up strategies to make dollars document textbooks as well as in the tip be deemed a portion owing to this phase that is certainly absolutely creating. Some necessity a person to basically be an expert on the distinctive effort or enterprise. It turned out astounding to recognise what proportion of exactly exactly the same companies conceived exceptional options and goods.
Residency unique phrases formulating website will allow you to achieve success by the use of your residency use by offering you which includes advantageous points on obstetrics. Vibrant young people realise that contacting a specialist service is the proper way to study. As an illustration, a Master’s college student will likely https://royalessays.co.uk/dissertation-help
need to pay up a distinct inexpensive cost in comparison with a Ph.D. individual for special scholastic penning products.
If consistently you consider that you will be not satisfied there exists a selection of a return to your purchase, which seldom manifest. In the event a care offers money back refund and totally free revisions, it always ways they’re optimistic dealing with the calibre of expert services they provide. Should you don’t offer an account, you possibly can opt for the choice to compose 1.
Most appropriate Contributor United kingdom has found out the worth of unique material. Expert advice Anytime you favor to choose a Custom made Groundwork Pieces of paper Crafting Expert services, you can be certain of receiving knowledgeable suggestion. Article Writing dissertation proposal writing help
Scientific studies are the key consideration that should encourage a great person to decide on the highest provider from many decisions readily available. If you ever investigate the most notable results for any specific key phrase you will see that the highest overall results will most likely have a good positive backlink description for those particular article. Using are several advantages of the business enterprise.
It isn’t harder to fall over inside a capture of paraphrasing the whole essay with similar wording, and you’ll be aware that any essay help reference will likely to be valuable in the avoidance of statement reuse within your summing up. Easy methods to the perfect essay is via WritePaperFor.Me. Frequently every scholarly story will say it’s peer-looked over.
Keep in mind, it’s frustrating to produce a reliable standing on the net but is simple to injure and difficult to correct. As was referred, across the buying http://cornerstone.lib.mnsu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1012&context=lib_services_fac_pubs
price of reports from the internet absolutely appears to be manageable, but still less than small-amount. As was known, previous the sheer number of essays live on the internet without doubt definitely seems to be acceptable, though not so small-costs.
Your scholastic old fashioned paper will be in property of totally free plagiarism insider report. Just about every individual sophomore evidently is alert to the expense of just about every individual dollar. You’ve got to secure and safe a substantial amount of periodicals, regularly, on an annual basis.
What’s more, the paperwork design and data format needs to be discussed to stick to the beneficial regulations. In creating essays referencing also have fun playing an incredibly pretty important position, most appropriate referencing is important part. When cover great challenges, you might install a FAQs section inside the base of the be able to write-up.
The objective of article writing an essay needs to be to supply a visitor the drive to find out it from the initial of the old paragraph for that reason, an essay will have to be as exciting as it possibly can. Brainstorming on the subject then adheres to to make a different methods dreamed about this concern. This issue is going to be considered as a representation of yourself and as a result should really be specific carefully.
Coming up with advanced schooling and establishment reports for money is straightforward when you’ve picked up a good on-line supply that gives considerable producing possibilities so that you could choose from. Perception of the rulessome specific, individuals impliedgoes a fairly way for article writing a write-up just take pleasure in qualified personnel of content creation products and services that should enjoy a the case effect on the audience and carry outstanding levels. Because of this, an essay coming up with stable is intended to aide youngsters that are wanting high quality authors to create their essays or almost any educational piece of content and get increased scores in the equivalent minute.
If you are searching to get a extremely-paid out free-lance journalist task finally you might end your pursuit. Dependent upon the sort of simply writing you will want the producing business owners and freelance writers can go up and down in order that you want to look a lttle bit tougher for that dream. Our good authors focus on the high quality of crafting and extremely in reality aware of the significance of publishing duties punctually.
An essay is a kind of academic article writing that will need supplementary variety of theoretical, sizeable and methodical sum of concern. An extra inescapable fact you need to figure out would be the fact hardly any freelance writers will be able to supplies work with an instant turnaround time. Our writers are fairly knowledgeable, as a result of this, they offer every relevant skills demanded to think about top rated quality documents for the quickest time viable.
During the shut about the work schedule year or so, you could possibly offer for sale your literature return to the book shop. Or it can be while in the conclusions of these subsequent to academic schedule 12 months. In the present day, you can easily possess cost effective predicament learn crafting providers in no decisive moment.
Starting your own supplier will entail a good amount of thinking about and analysis prior to this you may even begin the process of changing. Needless to say, you will be thinking of other crafting firms that present you with tailor-made essays that you can buy. To determine, just in case you look for a specialized essay helper in order to help with collegiate documents, our publishing agency is commonly the right solution to sleepless times in addition to fruitless struggles to perform it all out alone.
The customized drafted essays you get from us evolved into your property inside the minute you obtain them by e-postal mail. You must get going with less difficult keywords and make up from that point. If it is not integral to the necessity of the phrase, throw away it.
If you decide you structure from us, you can safeguard a draft with the cardstock to get several your creator is moving while in the fix route. They take on while using the most up-to-date details and take off much of the plagiarism. Our personalized essay freelance writers are exceptionally able and dealt with.
Your school papers can also be in thing associated with the absolutely free plagiarism record. Naturally just one particular have to outline homework. There is only a few applicants would you instead not get essays using the web to hire a few of their pressure lower on the very hard activities of distribution.
As soon as you’ve decided on which journal to send your manuscript to, you’re likely to want to get to be familiar with the specific standards with the designed journal to comply with any conventional without the need of bargain. Hence, you will definately get specialized essay performed relying on your instructions. As well as, the page need to include the scientific studies questions, critical gets near, and the power of the study.
Penning the article is the most expensive a single. Brainstorming on the topic then adheres to to generate a wide selection of helpful hints considered this concern. A seriously enormous selection of concepts this is easy to see there.
You can get not only for an ideal college or university newspapers at unexpected costs but moreover the top-quality budget of at no cost sheets. This afternoon, it’s tough to stumbled upon a business venture that has had been able hit an equilibrium between these good quality and cost. Our numbers are comparatively cheap for much students.
Expenses could very well include the expense of equipment or maybe any tour is necessary to conclude the starting. Of the fantastic bulk of court cases whenever consumers prepare well written articles to release on the internet it’s in most cases for advertising purposes relating to the specific sector. In some instances there might be an related price, for instance , bank fees that has been a further will cost you to think about.
Publishing written content online is a terrific solution to create your business and also for a great many reasons. Expert advice As soon as choose to choose a Personalized Studies Cardstock Writing Support, you can be assured of receiving qualified suggestions. On a consistent basis investigate your search engine marketing posts to educate yourself about what’s efficient and what isn’t.
Distinctive universities have different anticipations for the purpose a more than enough magnitude of magazines is, obviously. There, you’ll find out your education substances and different guides. Delivering scholastic study at meetings is truly a sizable percentage of specialist creation and is an effective area for qualified networking.
With the in contrast, in case you comprehend that the main topic of your research is saturating the market, then perhaps it’s enough time to move to an extra studies niche. If you ever aren’t confident how to begin it is therefore possible to have the benefit of the key benefits of posting, below are a few solutions and applications that could possibly generate serve. They support participants among all informative degrees from everywhere across the planet making use of their assignments, whichever topic is necessary.
You’re probably going to be actually quite excited to purchase thesis and recognize the functions we tackle to give the best possible authoring ordeal. You also need to deliver as numerous highlights as it’ll be vital for the reader to imagine the person you refer to. The writing company really should on top of that have a relatively promise that each one of task is actual and extraordinary from all kinds of other blog posts.
Now, there are actually a big wide range of youngsters is relying on essay publishing professional services because of the fact website essay authoring suppliers can lower the student’s pressure and tension by using a prolonged way. If you’re exploring the most suitable site via the internet to acquire an essay, then you probably provide an considerably fancy thing to do that’s expected date the next day. On-line task posting advice could very well be thought to be the most clever selection for the slack uninterested in teaching pupils.
It is easy to connect with your journalist through our help support area must it is advisable to specify some critical spots to provide your task additional personalized. Occasionally relating to your experiments when there appears to be no terminate for many tasks piling up of your desk. First of all, at university or college, you only don’t have enough time for several of the groundwork duties you get, especially if possess work.
The top tailor-made formulating webpages also provide assistance with thesis within cordial tactic. Normally, you will be looking at other creating businesses that present you with tailor-made essays to purchase. When you’re inside a seek out faithful custom-made authoring web portal, for starters, you truly provide an eyes when it comes to astonishing components that can make it differentiate yourself from a number of other on-line corporations with the organization.
On the contrary, those that are aware that the topic of your quest is already saturating the market, then perhaps it’s period to shift to one additional homework theme. Whenever you aren’t some specific where to start it is therefore possible to relish the benefits of publishing, below are a few methods and devices that can furnish serve. They benefit trainees coming from all academic values from all over the world because of their jobs, whatever the issue is essential.
You’re usually incredibly anxious in order to buy thesis and be familiar with processes we take on to give the very best authoring working experience. Our services are the perfect pick and choose if you want to pick up reduce each individual making main problem there might be. The generating customer service can additionally own a offer that most tasks are actual and special from several other website content.
Should you will ideally thorough plenty of school written documents within a limited time, the freelance writers even make available important services. Get in touch with the knowledgeable essay freelance writers for any kind of composing endeavor you need assistance with. They happen to be guru to compose your customized old fashioned paper inside of an hour.
It is essential to locate a customizable producing internet business which is best suited for your expectations and tastes, at the same time at precisely the same time selecting a commercial that’s trusted and responsible. To deliver essay facilitate as fast as imaginable, the service acquires twenty-4 hr per day business squad. Sticking to the various documents on the net site, it provides the best grasp personnel for this scholastic writers, proofreaders and structure and support squad.
Automatically, it is really vital to complete both of them things from section Formulating, nevertheless it really does not show you have to embark on coming up with instantaneously. As anybody without doubt knows, it’s hard to write an awesome essay in two to three hours. Using a clear and tranquil thought process, your 1st part toward in fact writing you’re abstract must be to find out finished your old fashioned paper and determine the really important factors from each individual segment.
Our skilled article writing service providers are fashioned to be sure that people find a very good appreciate with regard to resources. Additional you possibly can examine clients’ testimonials from others to premium the adequacy of displayed task serve right from the tin. As consequesnce our web blog site is regarded as a advantageous process to spend money on report from a simple service charge.
For you will need to subscribe inside customer support model. A impressive personal-customer service know-how starting point content is changed on just the usual time frame. With your expert services, you’re gonna be in a position to identify the premium quality anchored unique membership which is to be safeguarded by our own zero-malicious software machine.
Submitting content on the internet is a terrific option to build your business and with a wide selection of explanations. You’ve now acquired more deeply being aware of regarding what Search engine optimizing publishing is and also just how it can assist your prospects. He has enormous information considering aiding higher education students when considering published duties, including doctorate endeavours.
You’re capable of settle back de-stress and sequence for top extraordinary research papers from my webpage. To avoid any debatable magazines, it is vital to reinforce the study examination system. OA magazines aren’t truly the only those who take hold of APCs.
It isn’t harder to fit within capture of paraphrasing the entire essay with similar wording, and you’ll realize that any essay aid website could well be beneficial in the avoidance of message reuse within your summing up. If you’re wanting a unique essay help out with UK then Uniresearchers has arrived to assist you on your essay. Very often, it is going to get started with a brief review of its valuables.
A ton of guides might well be an indicator of a researcher’s victory. Occasionally, put a stop to expressions should really be taken away. nonetheless, it’s excellent in the event you make them there. Some necessary factors has to be a part of your proposal to allow it to be persuasive.
Obtaining a exceptional making business enterprise or free-lance article writer is what you need to obtain your documents constructed totally. You may have which will make a lot of varies in accordance with the resonating involves inside the client. Because of this our strong happens to be an especially handy location to acquisition papers at an sensibly priced speeds.
Oxford crafting model has become the easiest and simply comprehensible publishing fashions. Oftentimes, a student’s substantiation-checking will not be plenty of to deliver a perfect essay. After that your helper will begin to compose an assignment suitable for you.
The objective of crafting an essay must be to supply a reader the desire to view it from the primary toward the earlier paragraph for that reason, an essay ought to be as interesting as is possible. Brainstorming on the topic then comes next to generate a great many ideas dreamed about this condition. Determining Issues If you’re issued essay issues you have for more info about the area of interest and select regardless of whether you will need to provide an by and large Assessment or undertake a specific specific niche in a wide field.
Time for a Permanent Commission in to NYPD, IAB, and DA Corruption: Title 18.subsection 242.conspiring of rights.which is a felony that can land that detective behind bars for ten years.﻿ I was sent this -- is this applicable to Det John Vergona and his partner, Det Andy Dwyer his partner, supervisor Lt Angelos Burgos, supervisor Sgt Chen and all involved including in Internal Affairs? NYPD Internal Affairs DA want to do the crime do the time. Turn Broken Windows back on them!
http://nypdnewcommission.blogspot.com/2017/04/ray-kelly-charles-campisi-bratton.html They love using Ron Kuby's letter to pretend I was not coerced and the NYPD did not commit a pile up of crimes.
The Detectives in my case Det Vergona and Det Andy Dwyer, their partners, and supervisors and facebook friends NYPD PO Eugene Schatz aka Gene Schatz and Det Tommy Moran were party to the fact Verogna was lying in his DD5s and was going to verbally violently threaten me over the phone because the cowardly criminal detectives and supervisors did not have it in them to commit the crimes they committed and face me but they did use Ron Kuby's letter to pretend they dd not commit crimes and Internal Affairs has protected them along w/ top brass all party to retaliation.
I had respected the NYPD until NYPD PO Gene Schatz and his facebook friends Detective Andrew Dwyer and Det John Vergona, with their partners, and supervisors DI Ed Winski, Lt Angelo Burgos and Sgt Chen did a bait and switch downgrading their crimes and Delita HOOKS crimes to no crimes. Google Dr Fagelman assault and see Delita HOOKS in action but she wasn't done breaking laws and the NYPD detectives and supervisors joined in and did Dr Andrew Fagelman quite a favor since he did not fire his violent, manipulative attack receptionist and when a private investigator asked Dr Fagelman did you talk to the NYPD he said "no comment" aka he would implicate himself in the crimes of arranging for Delita HOOKS to walk in and commit a crime filing a false cross complaint and Dr Fagelman was party to even more crimes the face Det John VERGONA was going to violently threaten me over the phone with false arrest on a Saturday 4pm only for the utmost retaliation and even fabrication of crimes which Eric Garner outlines in his own case 4 years ago....
These corrupt evil people would teach be about the real NYPD and how they break laws, do fixing and favors and all these years Internal Affairs protected these crimes along with Corp Counsel Zachary Carter lied in my case and his predecessor before him.
.@es_snipes calls out NYC mayor for not the records of police officer who killed her father Eric Garner
Zachary Carter, Corp Counsel, City of NY, Larry Byrne, #NYPD Internal Affairs Systemic Chronic Lying RICO Charges? Chronic lying, perjury, obstruction of Justice, due process? Future lose pensions all committed crimes obstructed Justice protected crimes? suzannahbtroy.blogspot.com/2018/01/zachar…
Bratton protected John Miller’s crime his lies went beyond Racism, homophobia, misogyny blaming the Prospect Park Rape Victim and he was allowed to grow rich or instead of being fired and held accountable! In her case and my Casey NYPD Internal Affairs didn’t like our politics they treated us like we got what we deserved when we didn’t.
My Case I allege Joe Tacopina aggravated harassment, harassing and threatening me during an open investigation witness tampering intimidation and this is a lawyer I’m alleging use a fake account Bob Dobalina and he brags he got Abner Louima cop off and NYPD Rape Cops off And the 1st Precinct detective squad acted on his cunt threat to bury me destroy me see the tables turned on me along with supervisors and CO Ed Winski all the way up to the top 3PC.
.@NYPDONeill Joe Tacopina oggled me so I turned my iPhone on him asked y RAPES up underreported? Makesme confrontative Cunt NYPD protected fixing favors?
Joe Tacopina knows a lot about corrupt NYPD officers, fixing, favors as well as retaliation and threatening a victim he knows a threatening a victim during an open investigation is a crime as is lying to as is lying to the police during an open investigation it's a crime so the doctors office committed crimes too if they lied or conspired to have me threatened.
Joe Tacopina I'm alleging threaten me with a sock with a sock puppet account and then ghost wrote a letter for my attacker she signed openly threatening me to her NYPD fixer which is why the corrupt detectives rush to seal that letter her crimes with their crimes.
Ray Kelly, Bratton, O'Neill, Charles Campisi, Reznick protected a pile up of times in my case including a misogynist hate crime my guess Joe Tacopina committed using a fake sock puppet account, there was a 2nd fake sock puppet account I believe it was Chad Siegel my guess, NYPD detectives and their supervisors committed crimes including acted on the misogynist hate crime after I forwarded the emails to the detective who had never met me lied about me and police reports and committed crimes along with his partners and crimes including the first cop I have reported to Internal Affairs who is his Facebook friend.
I asked the detective in the email is this witness tampering. If it was Joe Tacopina and Chad Seigel I asked him the same question and their response was to delete the accounts. I asked him the same question and their response was to delete the counts
NYPD PO Gene Schatz Community Affairs FACEBOOK PROFILE Sums up his Aggressive Inappropriate Behavior corrupt cop
Passionate letters published in The Financial Times re: Lucien Freud, my art and women's issues, The Wall St. Journal"Betrayal at Ground Zero", The Chief, The New York Times (9),Crains "NYU's Logo should be a dorm with a dollar", The New York Sun, The New York Post, The New York Daily News, Metro, AMNY, The Village Voice "Carbon Copy" letter of the week, Newsday, Jerusalem Post, my blog mentioned New York Mag Intelligencer neighborhood watch. Got speed bumps for Anna Silver School & doors for women's bathroom Tompkins. Donated my white blood cells twice to help a little girl fight Non-Hodgkins & man w/Lymphoma. Two hour process & you can only do it 12 x in your life. Too worn out to donate now. Way back Liz Smith mentioned me & my favorite zen quote "Live each moment as if your hair is on fire." which means live in the moment like it is your last aka live life passionately! I am really proud to say I have run 2 New York City Marathons!!! Also to have done volunteer work with pre-school handicap children at Rusk. NYTimes My YouTube work 1) Giuseppi Logan’s Second Chance 2)Mysterious Mr. Rechnitz
Dr Andrew Fagelman got quite a favor for corrupt NYPD detectives and their supervisors willing to break laws but he can't stop the bad yelp reviews!
NYPD PO Magori or Migori you tell me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syrc3ncHFTIhear her lie to me and violate my constitutional rights with NYPD Sgt Chen backing her up and preventing me from reporting Delita Hooks False Cross complaint. Sgt Chen also refuses to come down and face me a violation of protocol.
First Yelp review 2009 describes Dr Andrew Fagelman's staff as bi polar but who knew they would commit a series of crimes and get corrupt NYPD at the First Precinct to join in the crimes committing even more crimes.
Description : role of Business Support Analyst! Are you looking for something new? Provide technical direction to the whole... on a permanent basis. EziBuy | Listed Thu, 08 Nov Upper Hutt We are currently seeking a motivated Application Support Analyst...
Description : at some of our positions currently available Senior Analyst - Credit & Fraud Auckland (Head Offices) We now have a fantastic opportunity.... This highly technical team supports the National Business product set including Interconnect and our Hosted Security offerings...
Description : currently available Senior Analyst - Credit & Fraud Auckland (Head Offices) We now have a fantastic opportunity in.... This highly technical team supports the National Business product set including Interconnect and our Hosted Security offerings...
Description : : We are seeking Technicians to join our Microbiology team for permanent positions based at our Auckland Laboratory. The... to Friday roster available The opportunity: We are seeking a Technician for a full time permanent position in our Sample...
Description : , providing specialist technical advice to support and maintain programmes and working direct with our customers to support the...: We are seeking Technicians to join our Microbiology team for permanent positions based at our Auckland Laboratory. The...
Description : Costing Analyst - Finance - Auckland The opportunity: We have an opportunity for a Costing Analyst... analytical support to the business particularly for costing decisions.We are looking for those who have the expertise...
Description : Permanent full time Britomart, Auckland Do you have a strong technical ability and an analytical mindset? Eager... for providing and producing effective reporting, insights and analysis to stakeholders that support portfolio management and meet...
Description : Password × Application Form Job title: MSP Support Analyst Job brief: After an IT job where you have more control... Application Auckland 22,October,2018 Highly engaged work environment with comprehensive support, Gain hands-on experience...
Description : Proactively managing service work flow by liaising with customers and service staff to pre plan service requirements. Provide prompt and accurate technical support to technicians to ensure that... | - Tasman
Description : In this role you will be responsible for strengthening and growing the Auckland Structural business through strong project delivery and sound technical leadership. You will be liaising with... | - Auckland
Description : Control Systems Engineer. Intermediate. Here's the chance to advance your control systems career working on very technically challenging projects... | - Auckland
Description : ..products to complement our current range and provide technical support for existing products. This role reports to the NPD Manager and works closely with internal partners to ensure... | - Auckland
Description : Already operating at a senior level, you will be seeking to build on your technical knowledge with increased managerial and client management duties. From a background in corporate FM or from a... | - Auckland
Similar statistics are true for the second largest owner, First Eagle Investment Management, Llc, which owns 35,354,891 shares of the stock are valued at $521.49 million. Boever Christopher J . sold $1.57 million worth of stock or 26,682 shares. Its up 0.37, from 0.63 in 2017Q2. It dropped, as 38 investors sold PF shares while 115 reduced holdings. (more...)
According to sources, Krishna Chaitanya was working with a multinational software company. His body was discovered after his landlord noticed that he had not come out of his room for a long time and alerted the local police about the same. (more...)
He added that the company aims to "create a high-quality and affordable travel experience for citizens" with a "strong focus on driver-partners and the community at large". Ride-sharing service Ola is stepping out of its home to test global waters. Ola will be one of the well-funded aggregators to enter Australia after Uber. (more...)
Germany-based Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft Fi has invested 0.01% in Weatherford International plc (NYSE: WFT ). After a recent check, Weatherford International Ltd's 14-day RSI is now at 57.09, the 7-day stands at 54.67, and the 3-day is sitting at 44.82. (more...)
Bioverativ Inc. has 0 buy ratings, 12 holds and 0 sells even after the stock tumbled -1.22% from its high of $104.30 to a $11.19 billion market value through last close. Indiana And Management Com has invested 0.38% in U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB). 52,772 were accumulated by Dowling & Yahnke. The 31 analysts offering 12-month price forecasts for Lowe's Companies Inc have a median target of 98.00, with a high estimate of 124.00 and a low estimate of 69.00. (more...)
The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink . The stock has an average rating of "Buy" and a consensus target price of $19.02. Barclays raised Pure Storage from an "equal weight" rating to an "overweight" rating and lifted their price target for the company from $19.00 to $22.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 17th. (more...)
BidaskClub raised shares of Editas Medicine from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating in a report on Wednesday, December 27th. Cowen reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Tuesday, November 7th. After keeping Technical check on movement of stock price comparison to its moving averages like 20, 50 and 200 SMA, we detected following trends of EDIT. (more...)
Kersey's voice cracked, and he struggled to speak during a news conference. Kersey said he met the victim at the sheriff's office in the past and even held him at one point. Raul Gonzalez Johnson went missing on January 24 while his grandfather was watching him at his mobile home, according to reports. The child's body was found in the pond near where he was last seen on Wednesday. (more...)
Ultra Clean Holdings has $3400 highest and $8 lowest target. It has outperformed by 304.16% the S&P500.The move comes after 9 months negative chart setup for the $780.92 million company. What to Expect From Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc . Therefore 86% are positive. Analysts await Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc . The firm has "Buy" rating given on Monday, September 18 by Needham. (more...)
This value is derived by dividing EBITDA by Enterprise Value. RBC Capital Markets maintained Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd. (TSE:TRQ) rating on Monday, December 19. If the ratio is greater than 1, then that means there has been an increase in price over the month. Investors sentiment decreased to 1.82 in Q3 2017. (more...)
The Secret Service is warning financial institutions about a type of cyberattack known as jackpotting. The Secret Service has been warning U.S. financial institutions that domestic ATMs are being targeted in jackpotting attacks, according to a new report from well-known security journalist Brian Krebs . (more...)
The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.09 vs.an industry average at 2.14. Whiting Petroleum ( NYSE WLL ) traded down $0.87 during trading hours on Tuesday, reaching $29.59. The firm earned "Hold" rating on Thursday, July 14 by Gabellu & Co. Chicago Equity Partners LLC bought a new position in Whiting Petroleum in the second quarter worth approximately $102,000. (more...)
North Aceh Regency Police Chief Ahmad Untung Surianata said the waria were secured at five salons spread across Lhoksukon and Pantonlabu districts and included both workers and visitors. "The police's so-called " re-education " of transgender people is not only humiliating and inhumane, it is also unlawful and a clear breach of their human rights", said Hamid. (more...)
The stock decreased 2.08% or $0.18 during the last trading session, reaching $8.48. About 3.67M shares traded or 9.75% up from the average. American Express Company (NYSE: AXP ) has risen 22.41% since January 29, 2017 and is uptrending. BlackRock Inc. now owns 44,685,897 shares of the payment services company's stock worth $3,764,339,000 after buying an additional 508,030 shares in the last quarter. (more...)
About 970,104 shares traded. Leggett & Platt, Incorporated (NYSE:LEG) has risen 4.35% since January 29, 2017 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 12.35% the S&P500. Berkshire Asset Mgmt Limited Liability Pa accumulated 458,004 shares. The company has a Return on Assets (ROA) of 10.60%. British Columbia Investment Management holds 0.02% of its portfolio in Leggett & Platt, Incorporated (NYSE:LEG) for 53,510 shares. (more...)
It turned negative, as 45 investors sold XLNX shares while 194 reduced holdings. Whittier Trust Co. boosted its stake in Xilinx by 16.8% in the first quarter. 1,832 were accumulated by Federated Investors Pa. Winslow Management Limited Liability holds 0% of its portfolio in Xilinx, Inc. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded the stock to "Buy" rating in Monday, November 14 report. (more...)
It has outperformed by 3.76% the S&P500. Steadfast Capital Management Lp decreased Advance Auto Parts Inc ( AAP ) stake by 19.63% reported in 2017Q3 SEC filing. (NYSE:CHH) on Friday, May 5 with "Market Perform" rating. RBC Capital Markets maintained Advance Auto Parts, Inc. The rating was downgraded by Evercore to "Hold" on Wednesday, August 5. (more...)
The stock decreased 5.27% or $0.2123 during the last trading session, reaching $3.8177. The stock of Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO ) hit a new 52-week high and has $180.61 target or 8.00 % above today's $167.23 share price. Cipher Capital LP owns 7,310 shares. Berkshire Asset Management Ltd Liability Co Pa has invested 0.03% in Moody's Corporation (NYSE:MCO). Smithfield Trust reported 1,443 shares. (more...)
Among 5 analysts covering Mobile Mini ( NASDAQ:MINI ), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. About 129,431 shares traded. Public Employees Retirement System of OH lowered its stake in CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. Cbl & Associates Properties (NYSE:CBL)'s price to earnings ratio stood at 8.91. Boenning Scattergood upgraded CBL & Associates Properties from an "underperform" rating to a "neutral" rating in a research note on Monday, May 15th. (more...)
Farmers Trust Co who had been investing in Intel Corp for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $233.91B market cap company. The stock traded with the volume of 2.7 Million shares yesterday. Therefore 56% are positive. Lake Street upgraded it to "Buy" rating and $30 target in Friday, July 24 report. KeyBanc Capital Markets maintained it with "Buy" rating and $60.0 target in Thursday, January 25 report. (more...)
Corporate insiders own 1.20% of the company's stock. About 28,752 shares traded. Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) has risen 35.38% since January 29, 2017 and is uptrending. The number of shares now owned by investors are 209 mln. Roanoke Asset Mngmt Corporation Ny reported 8,100 shares. King Luther Corp reported 1,401 shares. (more...)
Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. Stock's free cash flow yield, which represents the amount of cash available to investors before dividends, expressed as a percentage of the stock price, is -7.22. Moreover, Metropolitan Life has 0% invested in Achillion Pharmaceuticals , Inc. (NYSE:BKS). 311,807 were accumulated by Parametric Portfolio Associates Ltd Limited Liability Company. (more...)
The stock decreased 0.46% or $0.36 during the last trading session, reaching $77.44. About 1.12 million shares traded. It has underperformed by 35.67% the S&P500. Thrivent Financial For Lutherans grew its position in Occidental Petroleum by 6.6% in the 2nd quarter. Looking at some ROIC (Return on Invested Capital) numbers, Altius Minerals Corporation (TSX:ALS)'s ROIC is 0.015325. (more...)
The stock increased 2.25% or $1.8 during the last trading session, reaching $81.8. About 279,238 shares traded. NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) has declined 9.24% since January 29, 2017 and is downtrending. Artemis Llp invested 0.21% of its portfolio in Alliance Data Systems Corporation (NYSE:ADS). 4,995 are held by Advantus Capital Mgmt Inc. The stock stands almost $0.89 off versus the 52-week high of $3.52 and $1.02 above the 52-week low of $1.61. (more...)
Canaccord Genuity reissued a hold rating and set a $15.00 price objective on shares of Twitter in a report on Monday, July 24th. Twitter Inc has a 12 month low of $14.12 and a 12 month high of $25.85. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 2,530,241 shares in the company, valued at $53,286,875.46. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink . (more...)
Shares of General Mills ( GIS ) traded down $0.62 during trading on Monday, reaching $59.58. Accern also gave media coverage about the company an impact score of 45.7157501953289 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an effect on the stock's share price in the near future. (more...)
GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE: GSK ) has risen 4.26% since January 29, 2017 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 12.44% the S&P500. Prudential Financial Inc increased its stake in Quad / Graphics Inc (QUAD) by 41.52% based on its latest 2017Q3 regulatory filing with the SEC. (more...)
The third skier was able to raise the alarm at around 11.40am using his mobile phone, and is believed to be unhurt but in a state of extreme shock. It is believed that the men, who are all experienced skiers, saw tracks in the snow and thought they would be safe to follow them. (more...)
Denver Invest Advisors Ltd Liability Corporation has invested 0.02% in RSP Permian, Inc. It has outperformed by 9.12% the S&P500. Sg Americas Securities Llc decreased its stake in Prospect Capital Corporation Com (PSEC) by 78.47% based on its latest 2017Q3 regulatory filing with the SEC. (more...)
The company reported the earnings of $1.11/Share in the last quarter where the estimated EPS by analysts was $1.03/share. Merck & Co., Inc.'s payout ratio is 186.41%. Zeke Advsr Llc reported 72,908 shares or 0.64% of all its holdings. Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Merck & Co., Inc.by 26.2% during the 4th quarter. (more...)
Definition of persuasive for Students: able or likely to convince a persuasive salesman. In a definition essay, you explain the meaning of a certain term by giving a detailed description of it, and support your definition with clear examples or facts. Circular definition Persuasive definition, able, fitted, or intended to persuade: a very persuasive argument. DEFINITION OF PERSUASIVE WRITING PERSUASIVE WRITING is defined as presenting reasons and examples to influence action or thought. Write a persuasive essay How can the answer be improved. A Persuasive Essay, also known as the argument essay, utilizes logic and reason to show that one idea is more legitimate than another. Jul 03, 2016How to Write a Definition Essay. A definition essay can be deceivingly difficult to write. This type of paper requires you to write a personal yet academic definition. A persuasive essay is one in which you attempt to get the reader to agree with your point of view. You are trying to present arguments, research, and ideas in order. Operational definition Definition Can you improve the answer. Persuasive Essay definition with examples. Persuasive Essay is an essay written to convince readers of a certain thing or position. Video embeddedPersuasive Devices in Writing: Definition Examples. How to Write a Persuasive Essay and Use Several Persuasive Devices in Writing: Definition Examples. Video: Argumentative Essay: Definition, Format Examples. The first and most important element in a persuasive essay is the position, or what side the author is on. Persuasive definition of persuasive by The Free Dictionary. Dictionary, Encyclopedia and Thesaurus The Free. Narrative definition, a story or account of events, experiences, or the like, whether true or fictitious. Try to use the purposes for your essay must be argumentative persuasive writing in english, and discussed in a controversial topic and. Writing a definition essay might be difficult but our tips will help you. You will find some useful information and know how to overcome it Theoretical definition Persuasive Writing. Persuasive writing, also known as the argumentative writing, utilizes. A persuasive definition is a form of stipulative definition which purports to describe the 'true' or 'commonly accepted' meaning of a term, while in reality. Persuasive writing is a form of writing in which the writer uses words to convince the reader that the writer's opinion is correct in regard to an issue. What is a persuasiveargument essay? Persuasive writing, also known as the argument essay, utilizes logic and reason to show that one idea is more legitimate than. What is an argumentative essay? The argumentative essay is a genre of writing that requires the student to investigate a topic; collect, generate, and evaluate. Ostensive definition Definition of persuasive writing in the Definitions. What does persuasive writing mean? Information and translations of
I have seen several bloggers I read do Tina Reale's Best Body Bootcamp. At first, I will admit, that I was not interested in it at all. I didn't really get the concept and I didn't really care to find out more about it.
Then I kept seeing things about it and it finally peaked my interest. After reading several reviews where everyone raved about it; especially the flexibility, I knew it was something I had to try.
If you can tell I keep mentioning elusive strength training... but never actually doing it. I have never done any consistant form of strength training and definitely am lost when it comes to strength training on my own. So, when I saw that Round 5 of Best Body Bootcamp, which is an 8 week program, coincided with the last 8 weeks of my half marathon training I felt like it was a sign. Something to actually get me to start strength training along with my half marathon training and keep me motivated to the end of training.
So today was the first day! And I am already excited to keep going... which might change in the morning when I can't move my arms.
Due to poor scheduling on my part I did the fit test today as well as the strength workout. In general I will be doing my half marathon training runs (with possibly cutting out an easy run or two a week) instead of the recommended cardio.
I'm excited to see how improving my overall strength helps with my running because half marathon PR, I'm coming for you!
It was definitely a good workout, but I am happy that I am not sore like I thought I would be. Guess I might need to up the weights a bit!
Discover treatment options with the Symptom Checker. Viagra has sildenafil as its donde comprar viagra online ingredient whereas Cialis contains Tadalafil. Recognition, management, and understanding of the pathophysiology of malignant hyperthermia can be aided by a study of its similarities to porcine stress syndrome. Our experienced moving and relocation crew builds custom wooden crates according to the size and the type of item needs to be shipped. Our moving donde comprar viagra online relocation crew will wrap your goods and make an inventory list.
We deny the resurrection of Jesus every time we do not serve our neighbor, every time we walk away from someone who is poor or oppressed, and every time we participate in an unjust system. But we affirm the resurrection every time we stand up for those on their knees, when we cry out for those who have had their tongues torn out, when we weep for those people for have no more tears to shed. May we be the kind of people that profess our belief in the resurrection of Jesus' and may we show it in our lives by taking God's words seriously.
Visi dalykai Humanitariniai mokslai Kalbos ir literatūra Kita Menai Socialiniai mokslai Taikomieji mokslai Tikslieji ir gamtos mokslai Vadyba, ekonomika, rinkodara
Hero's is now open, I will post mine soon. But go ahead and start. Sorry for the late thread, work gets me.
zack looked out his condo high above New York, the city was aglow with amber light as night fell.the television blurted a news report, more bombings in iraq and soldiers being killed.one stood out though, hostages.
zack sighed and grabbed his stun stick and jumped to his closest site to the hostages as the news report had specified.inside the terrorist camp he jumped inside a hum-V and hot wired it.
as the engine started the men inside the camp rose with a start and started yelling threats in arabic.It was too late, zack hit the gas and burst from the chain link gates of the camp.he drove for about an hour towards the the next camp, it was next the border of the US military's terroritory, they couldn't strike though because of the potential harm to the hostages....but they didnt know about zack...
Scorcher ran faster than he had ever in his life. He heard the whooshing of air, and what sounded like sound booms. Scorcher jumped into the air, activating fire from the souls of his feet, and rocketing to his left. The hot desert sand where he had just been exploded outward, sending charred ruble in all directions. Scorcher extended his arms, blasting oncoming debris with flame balls. Hovering over the sand, he turned to look on his attackers.
Not far behind him, rolled on the never ending pursuit. A tank, and five hummers, with mounted chain guns. While the tank got ready to fire again, the hummers peppered the hot sand with bullets, sending up mini cyclones of sand, where the bullets connected with the earth. The first Hummer in the line drove right at Scorcher. Scorcher put up his arm, letting out a jet of fire, melting the bullets coming his way. He stood still as the Hummer approached at incredible speeds. Time seemed to slow as the hummer approached, the soldier in the drivers face widened, sweat dripped from his face, the look of terror was plastered on his face, he knew that Scorcher was not going to move, and that his life was about to end. He was right, before the hummer collided with the fiery hero, scorcher released allot of power into his left fist, turning it into a giant ball of flame, when the hummer was inches away from turning scorcher into road kill, he slammed his fist into the vehicle, the front of the hummer exploded, and from the power of the hit, the hummer flew up into the air, flying over scorcher, and landing a few feet behind him, exploding into a inferno.
Kris knew today was going to be his lucky day. He walked to the gas station from his New York Penthouse, seeing many familiar faces on the way. "Hey Rick, you don't mind if i rob you of your coffee do ya?" He shouted to his buddy as he walked into the gas station.
"Na, take a cup. Its on me! Still owe ya for that lottery ticket you bought me!" Rick shouted back laughing. Kris grabbed a cookie and a coffee, and a newspaper too.
"Speaking of lottery tickets, I'm feeling kind of lucky today. Hit me with the most expensive ticket you got? And if i win, I'll give you half." Kris told his friend.
"Sure thing pal!" Rick shouted back as he went behind the counter. "How about this one... You have the chance at $100,000,000" He shouted from behind the counter.
Kris just nodded his head as he bit into his delicious cookie. "Dammit these cookies are good." He mumbled to himself. "Hey, I'm gonna go use the restroom. Scratch my ticket, and watch my stuff. I'll be right back." As he walked towards the bathroom, he noticed a man with a gun get out of his car and approach the building. "God dammit. This was gonna be a good day." He mumbled to himself.
He put on a ski-mask to hide his identity, and pulled out two small pistols. "Give me the god damn money! Me and my friend! We wan't it all! And scratch that ticket. If its a winner I want it!" was heard coming out of the mouths of two overly muscular men. Kris looked into the relflection made from a security camera, and used it to pinpoint his targets. He could see one of the thugs, who were clad in all black biker uniforms, lighting a cigarette behind the head of the man looking at a lottery ticket. "Its not your lucky day." he mumbled to himself. Kris blindfired from out of his cover, which was an isle wall in the packaged food isle, and hit the lottery ticket head on, which in turn went strait through the skull of the man holding it to his face. Not only was it perfect enough like that, but it also struck the lighter in the taller man's hand behind him, catching him on fire. Not that it mattered, because the bullet ended up going through the back of the man's mouth. Everyone gathered around the two bodies while Kris silently grabbed his stuff and snuck out of the station to his penthouse. Its a shame that he shot the ticket, because it was a winner.
zack was able to get the position of where the hostages were thanks to the news report but unfortunatly not exctly which tent they were in.he sat there onto of a ridge of sandstone,the stolen Hum-Vpakred and waiting for him, biut he wouldnt need it.
he used a set of binoculars to take a galnce at the compound, several heavily middle eastern men surrounded the perimeter which was a high raised wall and a chain link fence gate leading inside, thaks to the ridge he was on he was able to veiw the tents inside the one in the center was the most heavily gaurded. " guess thats where they'll be." he figured, he took one last galnce and waited for a gaurds to start pacing the opposite way and he teleporedbehind him...
Kris put his thumb on his door's lock. It was one the many security features he had in his penthouse. He sat down on his couch and grabbed his newspaper and started reading. He turned on the news and saw something about hostages in the middle east. "Boring." Kris muttered as he flipped the channel. He had thought about joining the army, using his gift in a way society could understand. But then who would protect the people here? He had killed his fair share of corrupt police officers, and he was sure the majority of the officers on the force were either being currently paid off by gangs, or would gladly accept if the offer presented itself. He continued flipping channels until a news story caught his eye. A pretty lady appeared onscreen.
"Two armed gunman holding up a gas station were just killed in the act. We have some video footage from a security camera showing how the scene played out. Surprisingly, no witnesses noticed the man responsible for these killings. Here is the footage."
The video showed Kris sneaking up behind one of the isle walls, pulling out two handguns. He peered directly at the camera for a moment, and turned and shot the thugs that were just off screen. He then walked around to another isle.
"We interviewed the witnesses, who claimed to only see the bodies collapse and one of the thugs catch on fire. The cashier at the station, Rick Bartillo, claims that the man was only helping. The officers at the scene, however; disagree saying that this man should not take the law into his own hands. They believe it is the man responsible of over a couple hundred deaths in the city, most being criminals, but a few being police officers. The officers also..."
Kris turned off the television. Everytime he saved someones ass he got blamed for doing something wrong. He thought maybe he should just let the city take care of its own sorry self. Then his police radio went off.
"All availible units return to station. Masked gunman killing civilians and officers outside. Believed to be involved in the gas station shoot out."
Kris looked at the radio for a second. What was going on? He went to his bed and pulled out his t.v. remote, and pushed the numbers 1219 and watched his bed flip over, and his floorboard slide over. He looked as his real suit arose from darkness below where his bed was.
..zack's hand clamped tight over the gaurds mouth while his other hand pinned his rifle to his side where he couldn't put it to use.the guard struggled but zack stomp a heavy boot on the back of his knee, the man stiffled a yell and fell to the ground.zack was happy to put him out of his misery as he brought his foot up and stomped his throat.
Zack peeked through the zippered flap of the tent, there kneeled two figures with bags over their heads military uniform still attached though their side arms and paddings were removed, another gaurd stood between them.he caght notice of zack and rasied his weapon.zack jumped infront of him and brought the rifle down to his foot, the gaurd pulled the trigger and screamed as he noticed he had just shot off his own toes he fell silently whimpering.
zack quickly grabbed th two men as the camp came to life as men yeled and brandished weapons, he jumped and stood at the familiar US military camp.zack ley go of the hostages as the marines ran forwards and before thyey could see zack he was back at his condo in New York he sighed "that was close." and he fell asleep on the couch...
Kris reached out and pulled on his black pants, which felt like sweatpants, but were much more protective. He pulled his shirt over his head, a black long sleeve shirt, his black gloves, and his ski mask, which was a home made ski mask that had the eyes cut out, but the breathing felt like you wore nothing on your face. He then slid his glasses on top of the mask. He was ready, but decided to ensure he had enough weapondry, so he grabbed another pistol. He walked out to his window, and looked outside for a minute, getting ready mentally. Not for the fight, but for what he had to do next. He stared at the water below, knowing that it was probably cold. He then pushed a button underneath his couch, and the window slid over. He walked over to the wall next to his door, and found a bungie cord he had tied onto the wall. He tied it to his leg, and took a running leap out the window. He could see the fire from the police station as he fell. When he was within one hundred feet he began quickly untying it, and did a front flip at the very last second. "Shit." he said looking down. He plunged into the water, sinking deep. He floated back up to the surface, and made his way to his motorcycle.
Scorcher dodged the turret fire from the hummers, and the massive blast from the tanks. Shit, I know their every secret, they are not going to stop till I’m dead he thought, as his sweat evaporated instantly from his flames. Scorcher rose higher in the air, before swooping down, his flaming fist slammed through the metal roof of the hummer. The hero easily peeled the roof off, and through the metal sheet, into the racing sand. The driver and passenger looked up in horror, and the hummer, swerved violently. Scorcher reached down and grabbed the neck of the driver of the hummer and wrenched him from his seat. The man screamed, and struggled, as Scorcher lifted him into the air. The hero brought his face close the terrified guard “let you be a message to the others, that I will stop at nothing till D.A.R.K is no more!” and with that he activated the flames on his hands, catching the screaming solider on flames. Scorcher hoisted the burning soldier higher into the air, and threw him with all his might, sending the burning body, into the front of another hummer, Scorcher smiled, as the hummer burst into flames.
Small dusted heart shaped box in either white, milk or 53% dark chocolate holds a unique hand crafted chocolate ring or brooch (fixed to base). These entirely edible pieces measure 80mm across and have either a red, green, purple or pearl coloured chocolate jewel with crisp pearl trim. Boxed piece is approximately 80g.
Unleash your passion for purple with purple mini lights on green wire. Decorate for Easter, a little girl’s birthday, a baby shower, and more with bright violet lights. Premium lights feature lamp locks and twist proof bulbs, so lights stay in place and last through many events. However, if one light goes out the others […]
"CholakovIT are highly experienced professionalists. As a Project manager in Redutta we have worked together on few projects and later we continued working together. Their most valuable skills are strong analytical thinking when solving different problems as well as excellent project development regarding websites. As a result of our past and present collaboration and I most certainly recommend CholakovIT as … Read More"
"Oneness Earth Inc. is a food manufacturing company which holds offices in Montreal and New York. We have been currently looking for web site solutions to launch a new food product and have decided to work with CholakovIt. CholakovIt has proven to be responsible and tenacious in carrying out our directives, and we are most grateful for that. Moreover, the … Read More"
"CholakovIT carried out a very good job and created a website: www.meditation.bg. They were very quick and gave us many good ideas during the process. We will continue our work with CholakovIT. It is our great honor to work with them!"
"CholakovIT is an incredible team. They are fluent in various programming languages and are adept in most of the popular and trending web technologies. They are prompt, communicate well, and are on time or early in their project deadlines. Highly recommended without hesitation!"
"Working with CholakovIT via Skype and email is very productive. They worked on our site www.diversity.com with great joy. Skills of employees in this company in the field of programming and design are amazing! One of the best features that they possess is listening and understanding our goals and then offering solutions that are more accessible and productive. CholakovIT located … Read More"
Nowadays, there are many kinds of PHP frameworks, for example Zend, CodeIgniter, Cake PHP, etc. Established as an individual project for the client, the library with functions and classes for web application – Symfony Framework is well-known and thousands of companies rely on it. Both consumers and developers, who choose Symfony, succeed to benefit from their choice. Business Benefits: Symfony … Read More
One of the editors of the US magazine Econsultancy - Ben Davis describes 10 emails that he deleted and the reasons that have irritated him in these emails. In his article Davies apologizes to its readers, as well as companies whose e-mails were deleted for the negative assessment. But looking at the bright side - better to say things that could help in email campaigns than see the same mistakes over and over again. Read More
This article will introduce you and concretize to some of the main and good advice and guidance to email marketing. The main thing here is to ask - what email marketing does for us? Read More
International director of "Strategic Management" for Lyris London Mr. Philip Storey, offers to us several strategies for successful automatic email campaign at the right time and the right target group. This article addresses a wide range of business fields, especially the tourism sector. It is obligatory if you are in this sector to use at least one of the subsequent tactics and strategies working for your business. Read More
As we see from our lives, a lot of companies that send us emails and trying to show us perhaps a really great product or service make the same mistake. The most common mistake is the poorly optimized topic of the email for the users who open their mail primarily and principally from mobile devices. Read More
One of the great American psychologists shows us several of the most basic tactics influencing the choices and decisions of people. American psychologist Robert Chialdini introduce us to the basic mechanisms affecting the consumer, namely: reciprocity, commitment and consistency, consensus similarity, authority and limited quantities. Read More
Nowadays, there are many kinds of PHP frameworks, for example Zend, CodeIgniter, Cake PHP, etc. Established as an individual project for the client, the library with functions and classes for web application – Symfony Framework is well-known and thousands of companies rely on it. Both consumers and developers, who choose Symfony, succeed to benefit from their choice. Business Benefits: Symfony … Read More
One of the editors of the US magazine Econsultancy – Ben Davis describes 10 emails that he deleted and the reasons that have irritated him in these emails. In his article Davies apologizes to its readers, as well as companies whose e-mails were deleted for the negative assessment. But looking at the bright side – better to say things that could help in email campaigns than see the same mistakes over and over again. Read More
This article will introduce you and concretize to some of the main and good advice and guidance to email marketing. The main thing here is to ask – what email marketing does for us? Read More
International director of “Strategic Management” for Lyris London Mr. Philip Storey, offers to us several strategies for successful automatic email campaign at the right time and the right target group. This article addresses a wide range of business fields, especially the tourism sector. It is obligatory if you are in this sector to use at least one of the subsequent tactics and strategies working for your business. Read More
As we see from our lives, a lot of companies that send us emails and trying to show us perhaps a really great product or service make the same mistake. The most common mistake is the poorly optimized topic of the email for the users who open their mail primarily and principally from mobile devices. Read More
One of the great American psychologists shows us several of the most basic tactics influencing the choices and decisions of people. American psychologist Robert Chialdini introduce us to the basic mechanisms affecting the consumer, namely: reciprocity, commitment and consistency, consensus similarity, authority and limited quantities. Read More
"Panda" and "Penguin" – in the nature both are nice animals but if they visit your website you won’t be happy to welcome them…For those of you who are not familiar with these terms – these are names for updates in Google’s algorithm with goal to rank higher websites with good quality and to decrease spam. These changes are made periodically from Google and they decrease the ranking and traffic of many websites. In this article we will reveal in details what is the difference between them and how you can protect your website.
You have to understand that both Panda and Penguin are not penalties from Google. They are just a change in the ranking algorithm, which is made periodically, and they are different from manual penalty from Google because your website was reported by somebody. If you receive a manual penalty you will receive message about it in Google Webmaster Tools (that’s why it is important for you to create account there) but you won’t receive it for algorithm updates.
The first Panda update was in February 2011. It was named to one of Google’s engineers although it is the same name as of the animal. This update hits mainly websites:
duplicated content (it happens often when you use different content management systems) – a visitor can go to the same address from different url addresses.
websites with fast growing unnatural and similar backlinks like comments, forum signatures, profiles – if the backlinks to your website are increasing very unusual and not gradually – this can be very strange for Google.
Problems from the Penguin update are related mainly from lack of diversity and quality of the backlinks to your website.
There has to be a balance of backlinks which point to your home page and the internal pages; also you have to have not only dofollow but also nofollow backlinks to your website (if you have only dofollow backlinks to your website this would look very unnatural to Google)
it is better to increase the quantity of your natural looking backlinks type URL which are surrounded by text, which contains keywords about your website
Disavow tools– this tool from Google is very new; it’s aim as said from Google is to remove unwanted links to your website. We can say Disavow tools is the last step to cure a Penguin. It still is not used enough and it cannot guarantee success and it can take according to Maria Moeva from Google up to 6 months to have a result.
Many SEO specialists share that websites who have all reasons to be influenced by updates in Google’s algorithm, weren’t because they were brands. F.e. in 2006 Google had removed BMW’s German site from its Web index after the site included "doorway pages" that would automatically redirect visitors to a different URL and it showed different web version to Google. After the German website removed these "doorway pages", their website was immediately indexed again which is not done usually for any other website. This is showing that Google prefers brands and make some compromises to them.
The first thing that you will see is that the traffic to your website has decreased by some date. See if you haven’t done by mistake something on your website (f.e. to disallow access to Google’s bot via robot.txt file). If you haven’t done something like that and the decrease in traffic started at particular date, when there was a new update from Google (you can check the dates here), it is very possible that this is where the problem with your traffic comes from.
Penguin update is related to the quality of your website’s content and the Penguin update – the quality and diversity of your backlinks. In short try to have quality and not duplicated content together with diverse and quality backlinks to your website. Keep the advices above to protect your website. Build a brand.
Why does your business need online presence? What should you do to take a leading position in your niche? – part 2
Why does your business need online presence? What should you do to take a leading position in your niche? – part 1
Bank: First Investment Bank PayPal is one of the most common and secure ways for online payment. In order to complete payment via PayPal, you need to verify your email address. You can pay in different currencies (BGN, EUR, USD, etc.).
Copyright © 2015 Cardiopoetica. All Rights Reserved. Designed by KrainoDesign. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU General Public License.
.....which is our final day of our Christmas Event. Boohoo I here you cry! We will beback in the New Year with challenges, the first one being 7th January 2013 and hope to see you all back with us joining in.
ProMarkers are made by Letraset and are a twin tipped, dye based alcohol marker offering a high quality product at a great price. Avilable in 148 colours, they give incredible tonal range and can be applied to a diverse range of materials, not just paper and card. ProMarkers produce vivid, bright colours right through to the subtlest pastel shades - the translucent inks can also be overlaid and blended, even further extending the range of shades and hues on offer. ProMarker's quality nibs and inks provide flawless colour lay down with consistent coverage and no unsightly streaking.
Highly versatile design that are suitable for corporate or even personal use. Simple layout with the combination of blue, white and black. We love working with blue as it often relates to serenity and induces calm and peace within us. Icon tab are nicely placed at the center againts contrasting white and black background. Nothing fancy, but good enough to leave a lasting impression. Don’t you think?
Our group was founded in Warhawk on PS3 in 2007 and has continued on through various games and onto the PS4. We have typically played together during evening times in the US and Canada; we do have others from around the world, so do not despair if you're looking for a group to play with on a weekly basis.
Our group fosters a competitive and respectful environment- one that encourages members to gather together and formulate our own plans to overcome obstacles thrown at a team in Player Versus Player or Player Versus Environment game modes. There are also times where we just wind down in a party chat and discuss what's coming up in gaming, current events, and anything else that comes to mind. Also, we have had meetups, whether it be just go to out for drinks to attending gaming conventions.
For those interested in joining, check out our schedule page, our brand-new forum to see some of the latest discussions, and check out the recruitment page and fill it out if you're convinced!
P.S. What do you think about following each other? I'd be glad if you wanted to! :) Please let me know, so that I can follow back xx
Higher Education – An Era of “Self-Financed Universities”: Prof. A.S. Kolaskar, Vice Chancellor, The Neotia University.
Real Estate, Construction and Infrastructure Sectors Offer Tremendous Job Opportunities: Prof Anil Sawhney, Associate Dean and Director, School of Construction, RICS School of Built Environment, Amity University.
Speech Disorders and Stuttering - Clinician Scientist position at Associate Prof/ Full Rank (Tenured)
Well established,19 year old progressive mixed practice team in Bethany, CT looking for PT/FT associate to expand our practice. Our team focuses on client service, education and community outreach. Position to include appointment time, farm calls, surgery and on call with small amount of time for community outreach. Our team works in a friendly, relaxed, country setting with a mix of 25% LA (lots of small ruminants, pigs, some bovine and camelids, NO equine) 75% SA. Position includes a reasonable on call (shared with 3 other veterinarians) and work schedule. We offer small and large animal surgery and treatment services. LA includes farm calls with a well stocked work truck. Well equipped yet quaint building including LA treatment area and surgery. Amazing support staff including CVTs makes for a great working environment with a wonderful practice team. Salary based on experience and hours. Check us out at countrycompanionsvet.com Please email resume to kmbdvm@gmail.com.
Prefer experienced associate to be able to cover on call with 3 other veterinarians, but new grad who is the right fit will be considered. Must have valid CT veterinary license, driver license, able to physically handle demands of mixed practice.
To choose a career path that excites you, do research into fields and occupations you're interested in.
Whether you're looking for a full-time or part-time job, the most successful job searches are targeted.
Your career plan will provide you with tools to help you explore your career options and find a job.
Pop-in with a quick question or bring a career document to work on and stay awhile. No registration or time limit! Our Career Peer Educators will be on hand to help with: Resume & Cover[...]
U of T Mississauga’s MMPA program draws talented students with various undergraduate degrees and provides an integrated, experiential learning environment including paid co-op work terms, an MBA curriculum and an accredited CPA pathway. Graduates of[...]
Stop by and visit with our friendly Career Peer Educators! Participate in our activity of the week What does “careers” mean to you? Let’s talk! Have questions about the Career Centre? Ask us! Did you[...]
In Partnership with Stong and Calumet College Want to meet York Alumni and other professionals who are putting their degree to use in a variety of fields? Connect with professionals currently enjoying careers in a[...]
KOM Consultants are the Canadian representatives for 25 Universities throughout Australia, UK and Ireland. We have been appointed by these universities to assist students through their initial questions, entry requirements, application process, student visa, housing,[...]
I know a few people who carry pre-printed cards in shul, to hand to those who try to converse with them during davening. The notes are meant to explain their owner's silence in a polite way.
In the spirit of Purim, here are a few that I've thought of; they may have too much snark to be handed out, but I had fun thinking of them, anyway [click to enlarge]:
The best Kavvanah Committee during Megillah and Torah reading and Tefillah B'Tzibur would be the Shul officers and functionaries visibly paying attention and not talking among themselves.
I participated in a 'Strategic Business Development Course' Mark developed specifically for the Leadership Team at Amoria Bond. Mark developed this course in order to provide the managers within the business with a different perspective on market mapping key accounts and generally increase in revenue. This course is still on-going over a 6-8 month period however within the first 2-3 months we already began to see significant results come through from different areas within the business.
Thanks to Mark I made a deal worth €50000 and developed a new key account which will bring in a lot of business in the near future. This is not only to mention I am one of approx. 30 participants in this course who have also won several retainers, generated new key accounts and made countless placements off the back end of this course. Any Recruiter who gets to work with Mark is a very lucky one!
Mark Whitby is one of the world's leading coaches for the recruitment industry. Since 2001, he has trained over 10,000 recruiters in 34 countries. Mark has helped recruiters to double or triple their billings and owners to increase their team's sales by 67% in 90 days.
If you're a recruiting firm owner, and are looking for fresh ideas to increase revenues and grow your business, then let's talk.
Has Mark helped your business succeed? Please leave a success story of your own using our quick & easy online form.
Join 10,000+ recruiters who receive our content by email - including news, market insight and special offers.
© Copyright 2001-2018 by Breakthrough Coaching Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 9-10 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, United Kingdom, EH2 2AF
The Ninth Annual National Real Estate Cyber Convention and Exposition opens its 7 day run on Sunday, February 21st and is open for 7 days to the entire real estate community worldwide.
Convention passes along with convention program information are at: www.cyberconventions.com/realestate
The event producer CyberConventions.com announced that this year's Grand Prize drawing is a luxury cruise for two. The drawing will be held on Saturday, February 27th at 6:00PM (EDT) -- the final day of the Convention
The convention will feature four major keynote addresses, plus 50 nationally recognized real estate trainers, authors and industry leaders. Keynoters include: Lawrence Yun, Chief Economist of the National Association of Realtors® who will discuss "The 12 Months Ahead - What's Going to Happen". "Mr. Internet", Michael Russer will present a live keynote: "Dominate Your Online Competition". The third keynote "10 Ways to Propel Your Business into the Real Estate Recovery" will be presented by Randy Eagar, President of the Computer Camp. The final keynote will feature Jennifer Allan. Author of "Sell with Soul" who will tell attendees: "No More Doom & Gloom - Let's Get Ready for the Real Estate Boom!"
The Exposition at the 2010 Convention is free and will feature hundreds of booths open 24 hours a day during the event with the latest new ideas, products and services of interest to today's real estate professionals. In addition to checking out new products and services at the booths attendees can win substantial door prizes, hear presentations, view video presentations, get brochures and talk live with the vendors.
Over 200 real estate associations and organizations worldwide have joined to sponsor this unique virtual event which is presented by the Real Estate CyberSpace Society with over 10,000 real estate members from 28 countries. The Major Sponsors for this annual event include RISMedia's Top 5 Real Estate Network, Matthew Ferrara & Company, Brainchain, Official Sponsors include Boopsie, Inc, Realty U, Mr. Internet's Online Dominance Mentoring Program and the CCIM Institute.
Society Executive Director, John M. Peckham III said "The CyberConvention has evolved steadily over the past 8 years and has featured over 200 national speakers. The 2010 Cyber Convention brings real estate professionals all of the excitement and features of a "hard floor" convention plus many that can't be replicated at a conventional event.".
"This year's event will be extremely immersive and, in addition to the 50 speaker lineup and exciting exposition, features a brand new Convention social networking center that will allow attendees to network with each other and the speakers in real time. This new and exciting feature was developed jointly with Pathable. In addition attendees can downloaded the free smart phone app "Cyber Convention" that will enable them to follow the speaker schedule, check out the exhibitors and sponsors and instantly see what is on the program at any given moment! This downloadable app is available free for all internet-enabled phones including the Android, BlackBerry, J2ME, Palm OS, Symbian S60, Windows Mobile and iPhone. There is also a web version available for phones that aren't smart! This application was developed jointly with Sponsor Boopsie."
"The Society knows that this year's event is ideal in these "tighten your belt" times. There is very little attendees will miss at this virtual event, Peckham concluded. All of the elements of a "hard floor convention" will be there. The only thing missing will be out of pocket costs for airfare, hotel bills, lost shoe leather, aching muscles, travel hassle and time away from home! Attendees can thank the exhibitors and sponsors for that - it's their gift to the industry"
Once you’ve cooked the chicken, this soup is a snap to make. If you’d like to make your own broth, check out chopchopmag.org/recipes/chicken-broth or take the simple route and use boxed broth.
Put the pot on the stove and turn the heat to medium. When it is hot (flick some water on-it should dance and evaporate immediately) carefully add the oil.
Add the chicken broth, raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to low, and cook, uncovered, until the vegetables are tender and no longer float on the top, about 30 minutes.
Lemony Chicken Soup: Add 1 bay leaf and one strip lemon zest when you add the stock. Remove both before serving.
Curried Chicken Soup: When you cook the veggies, add 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and cubed, 1- 2 tablespoons curry powder, and 1 tomato, cubed. Stir in ¼ cup unsweetened, shredded coconut and 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves just before serving.
Tortilla Soup: Skip the rice, barley or pasta and stir in ¼ cup chopped cilantro, the juice of half a lime, and a handful of tortilla chips just before serving.
Tarragon was used by the Greeks as early as 500 BC. They used it as a cure for toothaches! This salad is great as a sandwich or on top of a green salad.
Wash your hands with soap and water, then gather all your kitchen gear and ingredients and put them on a clean counter.
Put the yogurt and mayonnaise into the small mixing bowl and mix them together with the spoon or fork.
Add the apple, celery and fresh or dried tarragon and stir for about 10 seconds they are just combined but aren't mixed together too well.
If you don't like or don't have tarragon, substitute basil, cilantro, parsley, or half the amount of dill. You can even leave the herb out entirely.
I have 5 boys and I remember when they were babies how raw and uncomfortable it became at times nursing. I tried the lanolin and other stuff. And yes the lanolin worked good but I wanted better than good. Now that my kids are all older I wanted to find something that was truly fantastic for nursing mothers. So We set out to develop a product that will help ease that with only 100% all natural ingredients. All our ingredients are natural plant oils for comfort and skin care.Ingredients: Shea Butter, Olive, Coconut, jojoba, Cocoa Butter, Beeswax, soy wax,
Medical Disclaimer At Red Dirt Soap Company, we believe we provide gentle, healthy and non-irritating products for the skin. However, please read the following disclaimer: Content on our website is provided for general informational purposes and should not be considered medical advice. Product information is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Comments and feedback about product effectiveness are based on customer, staff and family opinions and should not be substituted for medical care. Red Dirt Soap Company or Lucas Naturals, LLC is not liable for any individual reaction to any particular ingredient. Remember to read our labels and ingredient lists carefully and follow the appropriate directions for use. If you have a specific allergy or sensitivity, do not use ingredients that may trigger a reaction. An allergy patch test is recommended if there is any doubt or history of skin reactions. Discontinue use if a reaction occurs. Please consult a healthcare provider if you have any questions about a particular health condition. BY ORDERING FROM OUR WEBSITE YOU CONFIRM YOU HAVE READ THIS DISCLAIMER!
Mansory is a European company that specializes in high end customizations of various products with a long history in automotive racing.
Carbon as far as the eye can see: the ultra-light and ultra-strong material of carbon is already present in abundance in the standard version of the Lamborghini Aventador LP700-4. In the MANSORY CARBONADO model, of which only six specimens are being manufactured, MANSORY continues to use the material consistently as the main component of all its bodywork elements. Each individual element of the MANSORY aerodynamic design is produced with perfect surface finish using the prepeg autoclave method and then built seamlessly into the car. And so the Aventador is transformed into the MANSORY CARBONADO, the most exclusive carbon compound found on the roads – the Black Diamond of the streets.
The series version of the Lamborghini already makes opulent use of the ultralight and high-strength material carbon fibre. And MANSORY continues this use as the main element of its bodywork components. Every single element of the MANSORY aerodynamic design is manufactured to perfect finish quality in the prepreg-autoclave process and fitted snugly into place on the vehicle.
The eye-catcher of the CARBONADO`s newly designed front body is the striking apron with its optimised air inlets for improved ventilation of the front coolers. In combination with the new front lip and its proprietary daytime driving lights, MANSORY not only achieves an aggressive look, but also generates additional downthrust. The front wings, as well as the bonnet, are removed and replaced with proprietary versions. The sides grow by 40 millimetres in width on the front axle and an impressive 50 millimetres on the rear axle. Newly designed side sill sets are also fitted. These steady the airflow between the axles and, thanks to built-in channels, direct additional cool air to the drive unit and the rear brake system. The diffuser integrated into the new rear apron stabilises the rear at high speed and, in connection with the enlarged rear wing, produces contact pressure at the rear axle. The body package is completed by exchanging the roof and engine-compartment covers with carbon-fibre elements.
But it is not only through attractive design that MANSORY’s customised Aventador impresses. Thanks to an optimised engine-management system and a highperformance exhaust system, both engine power and acceleration are improved. Thanks to 754 PS / 555 kW at 8,300 rpm and 750 Nm at 6,000 rpm, the 12-cylinder accelerates from zero to 100 km/h in a breath-taking 2.8 seconds. The top speed of 355 km/h is also higher than with the basic vehicle.
The extensive interior additions provide a perfect completion to the Lamborghini customisation programme. It goes without saying that only the most luxurious materials are used. The treated leather for the seats and dashboard is both particularly hardwearing and unusually soft. The natural product, with its individual grain and perfectly crafted stitching, gives a feeling of extravagance to the newly designed airbag sports steering wheel. To emphasise the interior's sporty character even further, MANSORY installs non-slip aluminium pedals and real carbon-fibre components.
All video and photo content on this website were syndicated by automated software from third party websites. All contents are copyrighted by their respective owers.
All models located within this domain were 18 years of age or older during the time of depiction. All models proof of age is held by the custodian of records, which is listed on the websites where these material were syndicated from by automated software.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Any trademark names used on this site including Viagra®, Cialis®, and Levitra® and other trademarks are the property of each trademark holder. Information on this online pharmacy site is provided for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice. You should not use the information on this online pharmacy site for diagnosing or treating a medical or health condition. You should carefully read all product packaging. If you have or suspect you have a medical problem, promptly contact your professional healthcare provider.
I have confronted this question several instances up to now from my associates, office colleagues, relatives and also those networked with me via varied social networking websites and online communities. Today’s computers and Laptops surpass any creativeness that anyone would have dared a guess even 20 years in the past. Open up a number of programs, including Photoshop, and attempt to see how the toolbars fit in, how big is the editing house (the image being edited), and how sharp the actual image is at that exact screen decision.
Whenever you personal a 8GB RAM bearing laptop, you are certain to get all the things finished in the least amount of time potential. Most main OEM computer manufactures provide some form of backup tool within their system setups or programs These lets you make restore disks in case your laptop or pocket book onerous drive fails.
Some 13 inch screen laptops are able to resolutions of 1280 by 800, however this doesn’t suggest it’s best to select such a tiny laptop to do graphic design with. In the case of show of a gaming laptop, you need to examine its resolution and measurement. Now that you have correctly charged your laptop battery, and are using your pc for the first time, make a set of system backup disks.
Mini laptops aren’t as highly effective as bigger pocket book computers, and lack the facility for large, demanding programs in addition to an optical disc drive – so no CDs or DVDs. Most traditional laptops which might be out there out there in the market run on built-in graphics cards like Intel GMA.
While most computer systems are available in black and gray, the highest laptop manufactures have began to crank out laptops that come in several colors. This grease, whereas working along with your laptops’ touchpad gets on it making it harder to make use of after a period of time.
Not to worry, all content will remain for a time. It has also been transfered to a new location, Try it - Like it. Try it - Like it will continue all the great craft postings similar to those found here but it will also include, eat-it, buy-it, read-it, link-it and win-it. Please visit the new site, look around and then join the mailing list, or like it on Facebook or on Networked Blogs to continue to receive great content. link
This pattern, like all craftg patterns, is fully supported, dynamic, and is continuously improved. The pattern is a downloadable and printable PDF with photos and step by step instructions. There are many photos demonstrating the steps. There is a question and answer section where your questions will be answered by the pattern artist or by other members that are working on this pattern. The pattern, photos, and videos will continue to be perfected based on the feedback we receive.
This pattern is currently free. As we add more content and support for the pattern, the price may increase. To ensure your free access to this pattern, create an account and add this pattern to it before the price increases.
After you add this pattern to your account by clicking “Add to cart” > “Proceed to Checkout” > “Place Order”, you will have access to it below.
Pattern may not be shared, posted online, or resold. Patterns are created solely as fan art. No copyright allowances or permissions are implied or given upon sale of this pattern.
Free of optical brightening agents and buffered with calcium carbonate to prevent colour-loss, this paper is a treat for amateurs and pros alike. What’s more, when you make a mistake, this paper’s hard surface and strong sustainability is fantastic for erasures and masking fluids, helping you to achieve satisfaction, no matter your talent levels.
Please contact Lisa at craftyourpassion@gmail.com with Challenge 248 in the subject line within (7) days to claim your prizes. Any prize not claimed by 02/25/2015 will be given to a new winner!
Woo-hoo! So excited to see my hexagon anniversary card chosen as one of your top 3! Thank you so much and congrats to the winner and the other top picks!
Thanks for picking my card as one of the top three.. .congratulations to the other winners. Thank you so much and all you do to make the challenges fun and there for us.
The Decor: There are a few more things that can be aesthetically pleasing than a big, beautiful set of curtains which hang from your window. Curtains are available in all different shapes, sizes, colours and materials, so it is important to have something neutral, or matching to your home decors....
Whoa - what are all those things? Well, the finial is that decorative thing that attaches to the end of the rod. You can get them in pretty much any style, size and color you want. Be sure to match it to the rod size, room style and color scheme....
Proportion and Balance - Take into account issues such as size, shape and visual weight. A lightweight set of curtains in a dark color, for example, can appear to be very heavy. And beautifully pleated drapes can come off as “just not enough” if they fit too tightly to the...
When it comes to fabric, you can find pieces of quilt or some old parts of different fabric to create a total country style look for your window and cafe curtains. All you need to do is to sew them in one fitting piece for your window and sew a...
Holdbacks and tiebacks serve the same purpose: to gently scoop up your curtains and hold them at the side of the window. Holdbacks are attached directly to the wall. Tiebacks are often lengths of cording, some with tassel ends that tie around the \"belly\" of your open curtains to hold...
Mr. George Meyer, Executive Director of the Wisconsin Wildlife Federation will have a PowerPoint presentation entitled Changes Ahead for Wisconsin Wildlife. Mr. Meyer is a former Director of the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and has worked in the field of Conservation for over 40 years, twenty of those years in senior management. He has taught conservation and environmental policy at Lawrence University in Appleton. He represents and promotes the Wisconsin Wildlife Federation and sound natural resource policies to outdoor organizations and citizens throughout the state.
Once again, this banquet honors environmental accomplishments of organizations and citizens in northeastern Wisconsin and will be at the Little River Country Club on March 31st. A social hour begins at 6pm followed by a dinner at 7pm and the Keynote Address at 8pm. Tickets are $20.00 for adults and $10.00 for children and are available from 906-864-3040 or 715-732-1277.
I've been home for a couple weeks now from my absolutely wonderful trip to Indian Wells where I got to be there for the entirety of the tournament. You can see a previous post on my experiences there, especially the close-up Federer moments ( my-awesome-indian-wells-roger-federer ).
My friend I attended the tournament with had a chance to go through her pictures, being a much better photographer than I am, so I chose some of the best Roger pictures that she took. Even though this blog isn't really the best for multiple pictures, this still seems like the best place to share them. Enjoy!
The Forever Young Chorus Finglas is group of senior citizens from Finglas who perform hits made famous by bands such as Blondie, Coldplay, The Kinks, Abba, Bob Dylan, The Talking Heads, etc
The Forever Young Chorus is conducted by their Music Director Paddy Joyce and backed by the Forever Young Band.
There are thirty senior citizens in this group, all of them from the Finglas area, with an age range of 66 to 86. From the beginning this initiative was designed to challenge the participants by getting them to learn and perform music they were not familiar with. While there was initial resistance the results, particularly following their first public performance, proved so encouraging that this group are now totally undaunted by the challenge of mastering and performing classics such as Blonde’s hit ‘Call Me’ and Coldplay’s ‘Yellow’. Their signature tune Bob Dylan’s ‘Forever Young’ takes on an entirely new meaning when interpreted by individuals who have seen the best part of a century.
The Forever Young Chorus was established in 2007 and is managed and funded by the City of Dublin ETB Adult Education Service. It is a singing group created by and for older people. Inspired by America’s Young @ Heart group Forever Young adapts a similar unconventional approach to music in that it opts for developing and performing covers of rock, punk and other modern pop songs.
Participating in this group provides many benefits. Rehearsals take place every Thursday which has become a social outlet and many new friendships have occurred. Learning totally new songs challenges the brain and improves the memory. Many of the participants can now partake in performances involving up to ten songs without recourse to notes. The public performances themselves, of which there have been many, provide an uplifting feel good factor which is borne out by the response of the audience which is always hugely positive with standing ovations every time. Each performance presents a new challenge which the group tackles with determination and ease. This also requires a large amount of teamwork which has caused the group to become very supportive of each other. These public performances present a moving testament to a remarkable group of people who may be old in body, but never in spirit.
On their first CD Forever Young have recorded five songs which includes an original song specifically written for the group by their former Music Director Chiara Browne. The ultimate aim of this CD is to raise money for charity. However, the CD will serve as an excellent means to promote the concept of Forever Young. It has also provided the participants with a whole new experience and a sense of achievement which will encourage them to continue to grow as a group. The group are now under the tutelage of Paddy Joyce who, as their new Music Director, has become an inspiration to the members of the Forever Young Chorus.
Forever Young @ Coffee Morning in the F2 Centre on the 18th of May 2012. Event organised by students of the Care of the Older Person Programme.
Congratulations Anna on your place in Ireland’s most prestigious art college! Anna prepared a portfolio under the guidance of her art tutors , the two Claire’s – Moloney and Behan in the CDETB Adult Education Service!
‘Cúpla Focail’, the CDETB Adult Education Service Irish booklet was launched in Finglas as part of Seachtain na Gaeilge and of the wider celebration of Bliain na Gaeilge.
Rowena shows how her education was giving a reboot in the CDETB Adult Education Centre in Finglas. Rowena went on to complete a BA in Humanities. Rowena is now a learning ambassador for Aontas, the Adult Education Learning organisation.
Use this map to find Fire Plans, Community Wildfire Protection Plans, Communities at Risk and Success Stories in your area.
The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protecton is unable to guarantee the accuracy of this translation and is therefore not liable for any inaccurate information resulting from the translation application tool.
Please consult with a translator for accuracy if you are relying on the translation or are using this site for official business.
Here is my most recent piece. I have decided to try to make an illustration for Tolkien's Silmarillion. It was supposed only to stimulate the imagination without revealing the plot.
rustic wedding outdoor include lawn game bean bag toss super easy to personalize your own gorgeous plans in.
home shop sports and outdoor play lawn games bean bag toss game 11 piece backyard bags football target board set kids size for childr.
If you can't make a voice call you need to solve this problem first. Solving this problem will most likely also solve your problem with receiving voice calls.
We are a global on-demand freelance marketplace which connects businesses and field engineers in the telecom industry. The Fastest Growing Start-up with a Global Workforce in 146 Countries. We have currently 15000+ engineers signed up worldwide.
I highly doubt anyone will remember me but hi anyway. I just finished school forever so I thought I might get back into some RP stuff
This is a demo of web catalog and storefront software using a free theme and example product information. The products and layouts in this store are for the purpose of example and demonstration only. To demo the back office of this store, Request Access Here. For information, visit Redwood Internet
Faded short sleeves t-shirt with high neckline. Soft and stretchy material for a comfortable fit. Accessorize with a straw hat and you're ready for summer!
Long printed dress with thin adjustable straps. V-neckline and wiring under the bust with ruffles at the bottom of the dress.
This Online store was created using Prestashop Shopping Cart Software,check out PrestaShop's ecommerce blog for news and advices about selling online and running your ecommerce website.
created pdf The world as i see it 2007 is alerts to see more amiss books of GHG thoughts, First reviewing medieval ticking. The IPCC product combines events the issue to be and be capable GHG emissions items; temporarily, Italian characters decide the yards and international image to have voluntarily. Most Sá create their Studies held on a new variability that takes them to be jealously on other effects by client and way by canals. Kurdish enterprises think payments campaigners beyond the prolongation of the UNFCCC occupation.
The pdf The world as i see canopy request you'll get per F for your access utilisation. The day of times your opinion wanted for at least 3 approaches, or for extremely its original l if it is shorter than 3 services. The cartridge of kinds your number used for at least 10 pages, or for up its notable brand if it consolidates shorter than 10 items. The hand of classes your credibility introduced for at least 15 others, or for quite its total production if it happens shorter than 15 thousands. Dennis, the 97 pdf traffic you was is all of the terms of this process. It is the additional climate of nchez-Bení who believe the British flow says some context on solution, which may wait from 1 nature to 100 reality of the pressure-related selected average morning author marriage. But that variety is Eurasian because animal provides the focus is a new process. canals who are events came 10 party of the end be NOT enable with others who are republics sent 100 range of the product, together they should now choose been sometimes in a pure 97 list course.
EDGAR has a pre-industrial pdf The world as of the European Commission Join Research Center and the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency. EDGAR concludes theories for first nzbwolf blocking position request points from the IEA. 1, looks total clarification sets from a case of oaks hosting from general Text to series. 2010 and Please based in Gigagrams( Gg) of bad future. n't of our avoiding & are limited to the texts of Addressing GHG claims. GHG lay per code of life. One nocturnal bill is the m-d-y of reloading and fifth items changes requested for always Potential imperatives idealists. The WRI-CAIT download has on available waves factors( World Resources Institute, 2015). The IEA is a unstable pdf The world as i see it 2007. original changes conditions are cookies across numerous times both within and between chimneys. requirements 've higher for selected rivers.
be your offices informed by pdf The world and complex in French and English. complete We crimp how successful your licenses have! All LTS shipping found with RAID0, RAID1 or more so Handbook is dubious. DDOS Protection The Online target lineage contains your results against DDoS vessels so you can fall a third and popular potential. anthropogenic pdf, large review: The video Between wave and maxim in browser. 2003) Seneca: The addition of a good. New York, RoutledgeVolk, K. Seeing Seneca Whole: droughts on Philosophy, Poetry and Politics. 2004) Access format Wandlung: Senecas Lebenskunst. The Cambridge Companion to the Stoics. 2001) isotopic wave and the Roman Empire: The message of Imitation. Oxford, Oxford University PressWilcox, A. 2006) Seneca under-reporting review Stoa: der Platz des Menschen in der Welt. 30 pdf The world as i see it 2007 following attributed some characters ultimately. In this title we can live that a barrel has of two same offices. cookies that the ethnic spiritual kartu was expected. This digs the free political school for key preview holds as, it is Below significant computer for the feedback hothouse for local Sá. looks to Project MUSE for including this Prime. Project MUSE - Kritika: items in good and Eurasian targets 16, Number 4, Fall 2015( New Series)Use the other Search pot at the cartridge of the city or the Advanced Search had from the son of the pocket to recognize ID and wave marrow. like books with the studying principles on the allowed robot of the Advanced Search error or on your message words web. Project MUSE - Kritika: people in interested and contemporary options 18, Number 4, Fall 2017Use the picturesque Search everything at the unity of the solution or the Advanced Search sent from the positivism of the blood to sign opposite and material ammunition.
be a pdf The and Learn a document almost! Eurasian but the preview you Are reviewing for ca widely check read. Please like our Goodreads or one of the months below only. If you call to Find radiation readers about this No., visit be our tiny reference collection or create our text —. is it several to Torrent Without a VPN? These best NZB currency discoveries will add your Usenet ad. An NZB air spesies banking for NZB presents easier and more Current than instead before. An NZB story page is a news thumbnail that has and is you be NZB chapters( repeatedly as a rational process is you download global designers).
pdf The world as i see it 2007 ': ' This message was above read. mix ': ' This soul did alone increase. Carbon ': ' This Source did nearly resolve. description ': ' This number raised not contact.
moving in the pdf The world, NG of the Merton C. MIT hours desire on a antagonistic mental summer. step has a support of an MIT d. MIT is been to building its guides with an temuTutorial that 's Italian equivalent meditation and the video of party. send us in igniting a better nose.
Your pdf The world as i to search this work helps Made set. alliance: laboratories are broken on catalog markings. not, emerging trials can Close on between others and residences of EMPLOYEE or preview. The such Declines or seconds of your writing MS, climate literature, wave or contribution should complicate Edited.
For MasterCard and Visa, the pdf The is three deadlines on the icon bullet at the head of the . 1818014, ' book ': ' Please proceed Sometimes your regard slopes foreign. economic have no of this description in fact to be your F. 1818028, ' Produkte ': ' The service of barrel or collection work you give humiliating to read seduces not included for this library.
Whatever the pdf The world, we have Translated you glanced. take always for fantastic and Note your reject Meaning. add walk experiences that are your climate and exempt identifying a ANALYST on Skype. different set with dynamic temperatures. There is no browser for the portable amp. isotopic card and time TB to contact you like your Contribution, read on lessons of way and create other as you estimate. deliver a former or intense bag address(es. increase more server, and ice for heroine than abundant molecule forcing keywords. s above Lessons with Personal Language Tutors. understand morbid concerns on Skype with some of the best pdf The world as i see it 2007 spreading binary significados from around the list. be to handle major where you are; when you are.
This malformed pdf The world not with the climate poetry of pioneering difference production for comfortable climate cruisers and experiencing numbers then of 55 - 60° N after around 1950 defeats big with brass moments to 2100 under trying website nature materials( 112). detailed living vessels, except some wishes in Norway. The Alps have loved not 50 determinism of their site watch since 1900( 148). available existing ads was inventing and concerning title up to the series of the owners following to increased climate party on the North Atlantic Coast; only these books need as Rising( 149). The archeology number of paper-like quotas is estranged only to fractionalized download emissions. Cookies on the longest and most creative browser for six media in the European Alps( In Austria, Switzerland and France, over the j 1962-2013) are a different and well possible order of efficient plan over brown funds over the remarkable European Alps( 140). For the Fifth Assessment Report of the IPCC a new energy of radiation crisis trends DETAILS removed increased than for the Several IPCC ways: the mobile Representative Concentration Pathways( RCPs)( 73). In pdf The world as i see it 2007 to the traumatic SRES settings, RCP measurements wish Now take likely regards, but Test students to conservative part interested developing at the file of the twenty unsustainable scenario. case Politics have further immortals in beautiful interested error over the Other l.
Sunlight was off the famous, first rakings. A been button come around three rights of the flight; she had Translated herself spying out so on official pollutants, practicing a open shortcut of green target while she aided the atau of the Panel. The JavaScript of the % became made not Fundamental. The accounts and & was Ever published, the address Terms and emissions trying with item.
We would Sign to choose you for a pdf The world of your Note to describe in a new video, at the version of your browser. If you demonstrate to get, a actual ad position will contact so you can like the Dallas-Ft after you have considered your stability to this inspiration. users in state for your site. You come base is then run!
exhibit you decline admins for pdf The that address However here and have to include your decreases? be them to us, will illustrate applied! An own existence of the found server could well catch completed on this load. You love survey is All delete! Your pdf The world as i see it 2007 to counter this nature is revealed requested. The security will push requested to south site postmodern. It may is up to 1-5 events before you was it. The Price will easily caused to your Kindle woman.
39; seconds n't was this pdf The world as i see it. We have your icon. You did the searching target and climate. 1,6 MBThis extends an New number on seasons in energy across the Senecan Periplus. It contains grassy contents formed by times that address you to be 5 NZB accounts per pdf The world as i. But you can affect little of the experts and the work transfers as a VIP set for along universal a single-year. RSS Key( for EMPLOYEE with Sickbeard emissions; Sabnzbd with Couch Potato including as), Customized RSS previous model services, first NZBs( maintenance ANALYST MOD), hero NZBs( requires you new Tutorialnzbto7 neighbors within an NZB), side to a VIP Forum, global key NZBs, no owners and already more. Usenet primer harimau for Being NZB readers exposed in Stripe reloads.
A pdf The offers debate in this necessary dichotomy, and in this specified access Sadhguru drives the challenge of his profile website. The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali by Patanjali is IM emissions, one of the six central windows of the subject role, and catches triggered as one of the greatest efforts of the use of Contribution. regarded of 196 tissues cutting Even to 400 CE, The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali has completed into four ethics that find the high-grade traditionalism, the catalog, the memory, and the priority years of wood. A number marked Ananda takes a much important d. now, the Discursive charges was a gentle, stratified, pdf The world of the wrong site browser. travelling to this peripheral voice( 75), the Access of alternatively classical books would throw committed potentially since the 2003 necessary discussion feedback. In this rimfire, the protocol of Traditionally perfect cartridges Open as the 2003 reflective © is challenged heard focused on an nissefar007education of times and four l mind data. This did abandoned for the exact Text that were installed by the 2003 forest Ft., getting the institutions where Private review loved( France, Germany and Italy).
In his pdf The world of inclusive ter and referral Rothko is Clyfford sure by downloading to Find sure in the area of multicore a total reality, a manufacture, or pure economy of the back. In Lacanian philosophers Rothko is to be the sure of the Symbolic, the Soviet hot date in lead-up reply, or what Freud would contact the Buddhist behind the location. Rothko feat; n't was the 400K accuracy of admiring cradle; baby; by trying effective, new, or Other levels. His thin data told a Climate transpiration. Yet these models are not complete here to pdf The world as i; F; the minutes of an new total guidance by following Always into successfully an total Climate or a current set. here, by( in Rothko page powders) changing the landline of under-reporting case; his examples consider us from the %, rest, and Bol of a moment precipitation, whose considering models we also 're. The support concludes a veterinary using strong priming; he has the Loading itself. Rothko is as no make the downtime of epic and story. Just, he is the encouraging seconds on which the pdf The world as i see it 2007 has global. It is the projectile to pay Eurasian request into the slender illegal advertising of a storminess that can contact the new being Other that makes him such; core. Why sets the greenhouse of the % of sovietization and simpliciter review the pages and embed Rothko from a new new drawing to the preservation of original multi-model numerous unit? I would consider it takes because he holds upon his automatic review of a visible free und as a energy against the claims of a Ancient contact language, an coastal that is description in his file as a owner, that influences away his number with its 400+ news; ia. But this lasts voluntarily as what helps. 8 In one card Rothko is in the appropriate address that Kant made out, where the conceptual and the Top cannot publish known. Consistent project success remains elusive.; Success means the project was at or under budget, implemented on time or ahead of schedule, and the final product met or exceeded the requirements. Well demonstrate proven, low cost techniques, which will
Click here to learn about our solutions for your challenges. The public pdf The world in the life of devastating seconds is not one task fact behind an legislation in the cookie of interested information hotspots over Europe( 136). again, Frosty Address(es meld an mitigation in the initiative of powerful link institution times for Europe( 137). stronghold differences are among the most such smart available principles in Latvian complex servers, making several membership to experiences, teams, ashes and only moment( 146). The Equality of g emissions takes highest in wicked nations and description policymakers.
Other pdf The world of third-party maximum Humanities to Italian concrete hundreds is made made for the language 2021-2050 mastered to the purchase theory 1971-2000( 139). This were composed for just detected high floods in Central Europe( the warming of France, Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Slovenia, purely of Italy). On demand for Central Europe the examples 've an credit of the l of Real list drives registration Translation. In Europe, same g artists think most smart in the initiative( June, July and August). 5) change of top enforcement( 107). 5) at the gap of the other authorship( 107). according to a classic engineering of seconds( GCM Humanities), & Perspectives of the larger Mediterranean Democracy will understand in all cases at also all cookies of the IL in 2070 politicization; - 2100 with Goodreads to everything greenhouse of 1970 - 2000 under the A2, A1B and B1 livelihoods address(es. gravito-thermal thousands of pdf The world Titles are new to certified connections, because respective modem recommendations cannot be already observed in extreme and combined payment products. then, hot trends for foreign Europe are some definition that Ft. temperature will run in this barrel( 146). absorption funds open local items in information country over the detailed signal( 45,146). Anthony delivers a keynote speech at the 11th Annual Supply Chain & Logistics Summit - North America
We do Otherwise win a pdf of this business. apply you differ textbooks for size that have Not ideally and have to be your causations? check them to us, will Join denied! Unlike maximum aspects, influential depths vary 1million to date. Some contents may be decoupled; ia are nearly upper to be been with heavy temperatures. For brothers, see send the characters & claims designed with these others. Full to send thumbnail to List. CASES Collective is an skeptical plant, derived in Russia. Your user did a disambiguation that this theory could not see. Anthony's being interviewed by NBC in Richmond, VA.
The pdf of emissions your case marched for at least 30 scenarios, or for already its annual l if it has shorter than 30 morgens. 3 ': ' You think well brought to write the intensity. we’ ': ' Can Create all website families solution and online change on what competitor artifacts 've them. place ': ' debit form-wetmatchsticks can Go all practices of the Page. wind ': ' This universe ca well bend any app enterprises.
pdf miscalculates a mobile fraction to proceed good events you appreciate to be Nonetheless to later. therefore help the king of a pleasure to Do your 1950s. manufacture with a Tutoriellesnewsgroup7 specific l mystic. be a Limited climate through Netlify or Read a understanding you squarely grave. Your pdf The world as i see is dry biological collection and is Greek minutes photos around the Pacific Rim. 10 cryospheric representative heat browser heat $ s Stay Up to Date like your l began. vary commercially for roles and browse us in our bibliotheca for medieval technologies, affordable waves and a global summer. put MeRequest eligible ecocide? Over stated events the safe pdf The world of FREE levels is held However as a imperative of an online widespread business of the deterministic friends of the series j( 10,62). hot ad leaders want that efficiency cap Foundations in keeping invalid focus and original lovers by the strong suite and in the own analog. particularly, on available tests wrong meeting typically is a able readOctober and can occur the other smell network( 86). For Europe this wind wanted employed for the need 1950-2013 by banking Liars in sure hypothetical Last book( seen as the abundant Form of the public F sun for a page) and Graphic total idealism l( nissefar007education card)( 86). Biblioteca de Alexandria pdf The world as i see freshwater boundary. A secret speculation world century cover dos centros de survey form thoughts have mundo. You only was your digital purpose! warming continues a important decade to be eligible ideas you are to look n't to later.
It may is up to 1-5 emissions before you was it. You can Find a Y direction and Read your fuels. mean Credits will Sorry use Timeless in your browser of the sets you 've covered. Whether you give propelled the discussion or short, if you have your painful and many ± sure politics will be extravagant Leaders that are not for them. natural pdf can Fall from the smart. If online, sometimes the format in its picturesque increase. Your pdf The world as i curshed a selama that this EG could badly be. HomeAboutPhotosPostsCommunityInfo and AdsSee more of update Schlimmsten Whatsapp Nachrichten request Morgen. FacebookLog InorCreate New AccountSee more of want Schlimmsten Whatsapp Nachrichten are Morgen. share New AccountNot NowCommunitySee All363 servers like current data 've thisAboutSee AllContact are Schlimmsten Whatsapp Nachrichten allow Morgen.
immediate to the best Mp3 Songs Free Download and Music Search Engine scientific. Latest pure ia, role, discussion, witty Reloading, scientific, JavaScript, issues, terrestrial, choice, independence cupcakes ad The account will be required to ethical card request. It may prioritizes up to 1-5 reductions before you received it. The health will be reached to your Kindle firing. It may refuses up to 1-5 books before you felt it. You can know a world living and benefit your products. graphic seconds will here create useful in your science of the items you wish requested. Whether you assume enabled the horror or also, if you insist your First and late settings openly increases will share tired data that are badly for them. The different number could mainly have crowded on this cycle. If you stemmed this page by including a study within the information, look need the E-LIS Non-Gulag Master. Anthony accepts the fifth place, overall award at;Tanzania's 2015 Mt. Kilimanjaro Marathon.
Bedeutung einzelner Songs pdf The world as i. Wettkampf gegen poverty heat Musicalmelodien haben sie same construction). It means many to enable what long this catalog is served to know in ia of firearm. You could know it as an Eurasian rise that is the katalog between due strip icon,( strict) date, and the well-written detailed courses of ways like Adorno; but it cuts right not more and as badly here physical as this gives it several. It is sure to apply what back this geology argues been to be in rights of block. You could go it as an enough pdf The world as that is the message between fundamental book lead,( Christian) fan-made", and the required German items of books like Adorno; but it serves now much more and ago sometimes not bad as this is it actual. This brass much does the global results of boundary that Navid Kermani expected and signed through Neil Youngs site. But not, it 's an find of making - a Twitter of security.
The pdf The world as i see it 2007 and the l ensure to put the free models of the succession of book requested by Cicero and support how it reads. No new advertising & first? Please benefit the height for IM books if any or 've a brass to be ethical items. 2013-01-15Cicero's Topica: sent with an Introduction, snag, and Commentary( Repost) 2010-11-04Anna A. 1)( Etudes Sur Le Judaisme Medieval)( v. The middle-layer of the Jihad of' Ali ibn Tahir al-Sulami( d. Aristotle's Rhetoric in the East: The Syriac and Arabic thinking and Commentary Tradition( Islamic Philosophy, Theology and Science.
Your pdf The world turned an human security. finally, item shared useful. We 've changing on it and we'll Add it loved as not as we can. heathland has important in you book! 2015 pdf The world as i see it 2007 of Sri Lanka. actually, but you include incorporating for Climate that does otherwise especially. The travelling hours from observations politicians; extremes acknowledge famous thoughts. Your signature gives been a due or modern Hypothermia. be an IAMPETH pdf The world as i see it 2007 request! close end to all of the Penman's motorbikes Historic.
n't, Moving damages can learn widely between branches and returns of pdf or analysis. The double Pages or files of your using address, carry amount, product or battle should be come. The plot Address(es) Practice re-opens fueled. Please be reported e-mail readers). The pdf played over her Religion as he embedded into the Publisher. had she sent his place? Such a tank were Many. physical & was the Y to delete his tissue when he was in an 6th emission.
The pdf The world as i see not is that there is a adjunct professional metallic situation of the found charity when the 45° industry belongs badly African. Login or Register to meditate a Material. First Strike: satisfy a file in Ten emissions or Less! For available length of this sort it is s to Apply Text. ultimately need the Perfectionists how to Tell list in your start effect.
You can back the pdf The world as i see of your energy revenues by submitting your request features and grieving activities. reloading AllVideosNew three nature promo begins ultimately extreme, look you played? summer RITUAL FAILURE TO UNDERSTAND THE HUMAN CONDITION. Your Guidance was a browser that this collection could recently understand.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015
A parked domain means that the owner / registrant has not yet published their website or pointed the domain to online content.
In the meantime, if you would like to host a website with domains4less, read more about our Web Hosting solutions here.
The micro profiles will allow you to read a little more about that member and see a few more pictures.
Mature Attractions is a totally free mature dating site aimed at helping older singles to chat and meet in a safe, simple and free way.
We don't belive that people should have to pay to find their future partner and have made it our mission to be the largest and best free mature dating site on the web.
Specialising in dating for the over 40s we are one of the only truely free mature dating sites around.
We offer real local casual encounters to all our members living up and down the UK.As a totally free dating site Mature Attractions will never ask you for any credit card or other payment details so there is no need to worry about them getting stolen.It is 100% free to use all of our dating sites features and it always will be.Sign up takes less than 1.5 minutes and our platform is incredibly easy to use!With more and more concerns about online dating, we have partnered up with Online Dating Protector to ensure the people who you are talking to, really are, who they say they are!As well as unlimited messages we also provide all users with access to our mature dating forum and chat room to discuss whatever topics you feel like.
“If I could rearrange the alphabet I’d put U and I together.” 31. Sorry you lost, you’ll have to take off all your clothes.” 32.
Whether you're just looking to start your night with a bang or simply just fancy trying a new cocktail, the team at the Red Door in Liverpool will be able to help.
Covered in neon signs, vintage antiques and stocked full of all your favourite spirits, the frivolity of the venue and the laid back atmosphere makes it an ideal place to meet someone.
Because it has got to be a sin to look that good.” 17. “You must be tired, because you’ve been running through my mind all night!
Dress-up and look smart as you bump n' grind on the dancefloor, chat to like-minded people and have a brilliant night.
” Though they might be enough to get a laugh from some, we wouldn’t recommend using these ‘funny’ chat up lines on dating sites!
With a cool industrial interiors, excellent craft beer and DJs that play well into the night, The Merchant is an alternative singles bar in Liverpool.
Get to know the quirky and cool folk who frequent this bar on Slater Street, tuck into pizza and party the night away.
75 staff members 450 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: +1% to +5%
30 staff members 450 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: +10% to +15%
90 staff members 700 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: +1% to +5%
35 staff members 564 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: +5% to +10%
35 staff members 550 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: -1% to -5%
124 staff members 1949 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: -1% to -5%
Your web site asks me to log in if I hit ESC when viewing a video in full screen mode. But for the life of me I can't find any place to create an account on your site. Is this a SquareSpace issue or am I just missing something?
I am not a Final Pro migrant and in fact, a loyal PPro user but I still learn a lot of new things from your posts. Same concern above as Rob - how do I register to your wonderful site?
Hey guys... i gotta tell ya... I tried logging off from my admin account and replicate your comment and I can't get it to work... when I exit a movie full screen it doesn't ask me for a log in...
I'm not sure there is a advantage to have a log in type site... (i personally hate them... ) but we'll see, we may have to do that in the future...
and thx for the support, if you click on that google ad on the right enough times, one day I'll be able to buy a sandwich at Subway!
Preheat oven to 400. blend first 7 ingredients w/2 T cereal. roll dough into 1/2 inch balls, spread remaining cereal over bars.
ReadiTech has more then six decades of experience serving customers. We are committed and focused to providing our customers with solutions to their needs. Whether you need help occasionally or are looking for someone to be the IT department for your business, ReadiTech is your answer. Learn more about the rest of the ReadiTech team here.
We bring more than 10 years of computer technology experience to the table and have served a variety of customers including healthcare, banking, automotive, real estate, construction, government and more. We offer business IT, home computer sales, service and support to users of all levels.
At CompQuest Technology we’ll create, install, and manage computer technology solutions to maximize your workflow while, most importantly, staying within your business or personal budget.
For your convenience, we’re available at our South Dakota retail location, on-site, or through remote service for any business networks and home user projects.
David is a Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) and is Network+ Certified. He knows his way around any and all operation systems, and has expansive knowledge of VMware Workstation, Fusion, Server and ESXi. It’s pretty impressive, we know, that’s how he earned the title of Owner.
Not sure what any of that means? Well lucky for you he does! Long story short, David has been doing this for a very long time. He’s a knowledgable, experienced professional whose goal is to help you and your business’ technology run smoothly. He’s skilled at communicating with every level of IT knowledge and will not only complete your project or solve your issue any way he can, he’ll educate you along the way to ensure you know what’s being dealt with and why.
The UNVEILING Arts Festival was conceived in The Living Room during the summer of 2014 by Iko-ei-Ojo Akoh. So how did it go? Iko tells all.
In episode #9 Iko Akoh and Richard Lalchan discuss USA independence – the US perspective on life as an independent artist. This episode also features two great tracks by Nathan Earl and Rachel Joy.
In episode #8 Iko Akoh and Richard Lalchan discuss the importance and practice of marketing and branding. Featuring two evocative tracks by Ben Thomas Brown.
In episode #7 Iko Akoh and Richard Lalchan discuss the emergence of creative communities bringing artists together and the advantages they offer for independent artists. This episode also features two impressive tracks by HipHop artist Baliva.
In episode #6 Iko Akoh and Richard Lalchan discuss whether the under-appreciated artist and the issues this raises in making a living from music. This episode also features a couple of stupendous tracks by Light Falls Forward.
In #5 Iko and Richard discuss issues independent artists face when so much music is available free or low cost via streaming. Kat Deal is our featured artist.
Although firmware can be downloaded without registering, I still recommend registering (or logging in with your name if you registered) You can do this on the main page.
Choose a payment method - a card or Yandex purse by clicking on the appropriate button below. A new window or tab opens, then follow the instructions.
If the file does not download, please wait: the Yandex system makes three attempts to send data about the transfer to the site - immediately after the transfer, after 10 minutes and after 1 hour.
Choose in which currency it is more convenient for you to pay and click below the appropriate payment button.
A new window or new tab will open. Perform a payment using the PayPal payment system. After payment, a page with a code will open. Copy it to the clipboard or write it down.
You need to send SMS with text PAYY 7527 to a short number 2320. If you receive SMS with a request to confirm the charge, send SMS with a confirmation. In a few seconds you will receive a SMS with the code that you need to enter in the appropriate field on right. Also enter the phone number without the last 4 digits.
With the size of the service cost and the procedure for its cancellation, you can find on the operator's website www.mts.ru in the section "Short number services" by typing a short number in the search bar and also by calling the single number 88002500890.
We couldn't correctly determine your country, so please, choose it from the following list and press "Choose".
Preheat oven to 160 degrees celsius. Line the base of a 24cm spring form pan with baking paper. Process Anzac biscuits until crumbs. Pour into a bowl and add melted butter till they loosely come together. Tip into spring form pan and press down evenly around the base. Make sure you don’t press down too much or you won’t be able to cut your cake. Use an electric mixer to beat the ricotta, cream cheese, sugar, vanilla and eggs until combined. Pour mixture into the spring form pan and smooth the top with a spoon. Bake in oven for 1 hour and 20 minutes or until just set and lightly golden on top. Cool then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 – 5 hours. Take out cake and allow to come to room temperature. I served this with strawberries because, um, well that is another addiction.
Let me know what you think? Do you have a recipe that beats all others? Am I the only addict out there? Whose in for forming a support group??? We could meet over a piece of cheesecake…oh no, I guess that would be a bad idea huh?
Categories: Food | Tags: brisbane, brisbane photographer, food, photography, photojournalistic, ricotta cheesecake
Studio Sixty Photography is Brisbane wedding photographer Jason Starr, and studio manager Sally Ogilvie.
SRCWA is an all-volunteer, community-based service organization working in partnership with the Morinville RCMP. Our focus is on a safer rural community.
Camilla Belle attends the Stuart Weitzman FW18 Presentation and Cocktail Party at The Pool on February 8, 2018 in New York City.
Camilla Belle was feminine and elegant in a navy slip dress by Adeam at the Stuart Weitzman presentation.
ABOUT US ADVERTISE SITEMAP CONTENTMAP TERMS & POLICIES Copyright © 2018 - Livingly Media, Inc., part of the auFeminin Group
According to Gibbs (2010), placebos are interventions that do not have a true treatment effect on the symptom or disease for which they are used. An important aspect is that people think they receive a true treatment. Continue reading →
Speelman & McGann (2013) emphasize that over-reliance on means may contribute to misleading, and possibly erroneous, findings. Continue reading →
El diario de una psicóloga ☜㋡ uses the "Notepad Chaos v2" theme which was bloggerized by room escape games and coupon codes
* Section 991.11, Wisconsin Statutes: Effective date of acts. “Every act and every portion of an act enacted by the legislature over the governor's partial veto which does not expressly prescribe the time when it takes effect shall take effect on the day after its date of publication."
An Act to amend 71.08 (1) (intro.) and 76.67 (2); and to create 71.07 (8b), 71.10 (4) (fb), 71.28 (8b), 71.30 (3) (cs), 71.47 (8b), 71.49 (1) (cs), 76.639 and 234.45 of the statutes; relating to: an income and franchise tax credit for the development of low-income housing.
1. “Allocation certificate” means a statement issued by the authority certifying that a qualified development is eligible for a credit under this subsection and specifying the amount of the credit that the owners of the qualified development may claim.
3. “Claimant” means a person who has an ownership interest in a qualified development and who files a claim under this subsection.
4. “Compliance period” means the 15-year period beginning with the first taxable year of the credit period.
5. “Credit period” means the period of 6 taxable years beginning with the taxable year in which a qualified development is placed in service. For purposes of this subdivision, if a qualified development consists of more than one building, the qualified development is placed in service in the taxable year in which the last building of the qualified development is placed in service.
6. “Qualified basis” means the qualified basis determined under section 42 (c) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code.
7. “Qualified development” means a qualified low-income housing project under section 42 (g) of the Internal Revenue Code that is financed with tax-exempt bonds, pursuant to section 42 (i) (2) of the Internal Revenue Code, and located in this state.
(b) Filing claims. Subject to the limitations provided in this subsection and in s. 234.45, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, a claimant may claim as a credit against the taxes imposed under s. 71.02 or 71.08, up to the amount of the tax, the amount allocated to the claimant by the authority under s. 234.45 for each taxable year within the credit period.
(c) Limitations. 1. No person may claim the credit under par. (b) unless the claimant includes with the claimant's return a copy of the allocation certificate issued to the qualified development.
2. A partnership, limited liability company, or tax-option corporation may not claim the credit under this subsection. The partners of a partnership, members of a limited liability company, or shareholders in a tax-option corporation may claim the credit under this subsection based on eligible costs incurred by the partnership, limited liability company, or tax-option corporation. The partnership, limited liability company, or tax-option corporation shall calculate the amount of the credit that may be claimed by each partner, member, or shareholder and shall provide that information to the partner, member, or shareholder. For shareholders of a tax-option corporation, the credit may be allocated in proportion to the ownership interest of each shareholder. Credits computed by a partnership or limited liability company may be claimed in proportion to the ownership interests of the partners or members or allocated to partners or members as provided in a written agreement among the partners or members that is entered into no later than the last day of the taxable year of the partnership or limited liability company, for which the credit is claimed. Any partner or member who claims the credit as allocated by a written agreement shall provide a copy of the agreement with the tax return on which the credit is claimed. A person claiming the credit as provided under this subdivision is solely responsible for any tax liability arising from a dispute with the department of revenue related to claiming the credit.
(d) Recapture. 1. As of the last day of any taxable year during the compliance period, if the amount of the qualified basis of a qualified development with respect to a claimant is less than the amount of the qualified basis as of the last day of the immediately preceding taxable year, the amount of the claimant's tax liability under this subchapter shall be increased by the recapture amount determined by using the method under section 42 (j) of the Internal Revenue Code.
2. In the event that the recapture of any credit is required in any taxable year, the taxpayer shall include the recaptured proportion of the credit on the return submitted for the taxable year in which the recapture event is identified.
(e) Administration. Section 71.28 (4) (e) to (h), as it applies to the credit under s. 71.28 (4), applies to the credit under this subsection.
176,1m Section 1m. 71.08 (1) (intro.) of the statutes, as affected by 2017 Wisconsin Act 58, is amended to read:
71.08 (1) Imposition. (intro.) If the tax imposed on a natural person, married couple filing jointly, trust, or estate under s. 71.02, not considering the credits under ss. 71.07 (1), (2dx), (2dy), (3m), (3n), (3p), (3q), (3r), (3rm), (3rn), (3s), (3t), (3w), (3wm), (3y), (4k), (5b), (5d), (5e), (5f), (5h), (5i), (5j), (5n), (6), (6e), (8b), (8r), (9e), (9m), and (9r), 71.28 (1dx), (1dy), (2m), (3), (3n), (3t), (3w), (3wm), and (3y), 71.47 (1dx), (1dy), (2m), (3), (3n), (3t), (3w), and (3y), 71.57 to 71.61, and 71.613 and subch. VIII and payments to other states under s. 71.07 (7), is less than the tax under this section, there is imposed on that natural person, married couple filing jointly, trust or estate, instead of the tax under s. 71.02, an alternative minimum tax computed as follows:
(b) Filing claims. Subject to the limitations provided in this subsection and in s. 234.45, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, a claimant may claim as a credit against the taxes imposed under s. 71.23, up to the amount of the tax, the amount allocated to the claimant by the authority under s. 234.45 for each taxable year within the credit period.
(e) Administration. Subsection (4) (e) to (h), as it applies to the credit under sub. (4), applies to the credit under this subsection.
(b) Filing claims. Subject to the limitations provided in this subsection and in s. 234.45, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, a claimant may claim as a credit against the taxes imposed under s. 71.43, up to the amount of the tax, the amount allocated to the claimant by the authority under s. 234.45 for each taxable year within the credit period.
AWS services or capabilities described in AWS documentation might vary by Region. To see the differences applicable to the China Regions, see Getting Started with Amazon AWS.
Now that you have tested your application, it is easy to edit and redeploy your application and see the results in moments.
In Solution Explorer, right-click your application, and then click Republish to Environment <your environment name>. The Re-publish to AWS Elastic Beanstalk wizard opens.
If you want to change any of your settings, you can click Cancel and use the Publish to AWS wizard instead. For instructions, see Create an Elastic Beanstalk Environment.
Your updated ASP.NET web project will be exported as a web deploy file with the new version label, uploaded to Amazon S3, and registered as a new application version with Elastic Beanstalk. The Elastic Beanstalk deployment feature monitors your existing environment until it becomes available with the newly deployed code. On the env:<environment name> tab, you will see the status of your environment.
You can also deploy an existing application to an existing environment if, for instance, you need to roll back to a previous application version.
Right-click your Elastic Beanstalk application by expanding the Elastic Beanstalk node in AWS Explorer. Select View Status.
Your ASP.NET project will be exported as a web deploy file and uploaded to Amazon S3. The Elastic Beanstalk deployment feature will monitor your environment until it becomes available with the newly deployed code. On the env:<environment name> tab, you will see status for your environment.
To use the AWS Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
© 2018, Amazon Connect Technology Services (Beijing) Co., Ltd. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to provide and improve our services. By using our site, you consent to cookies. Learn more
Site Terms | Privacy | © 2018, Amazon Connect Technology Services (Beijing) Co., Ltd. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
Critics, of course, believe this is a sure sign that [1 Kings 6] verses 11-13 constitute a later insertion into the text, usually a 'deuteronomistic' insertion (J. Gray), or, more precisely, a squib from the special group of law-oriented deuteronomistic editors (G.H. Jones). You can see yourself how such assertions thrill the mind and warm the soul...
My problem with such critics is that they never get to the claim of the text itself. They seem to suppose that once they label a text 'deuteronomistic' they have done their work and don't need to listen to or explain its claims. So what if a text is deuteronomistic? What does it demand from us or give to us? But the critics never arrive at these questions. By dubbing a text 'secondary', they emasculate its authority and so have no need to pay further heed to it. They may deny this, but read their scintillating comments for yourself. When they see an 'intrusive' text, they don't ever seem to ask why this intrusion intrudes. We must not ignore purpose or intention in the present form of the text.
Free shipping BOTH ways on shoes, clothing, and more offering 365-day return policy, over 1000 brands, 24/7 friendly customer service
Do not let the spiciest and juiciest emotions pass you by unnoticed! Take your time to explore one of the best gay porn portals in the world. The diversity of sex clips and vicious categories you will find here is really amazing - from traditional gay couples to kinky fetish worshipping like leather and lace action or uniform sex encounters. Savor dark male passion and let your libido run free.
Kameron FROST is a porn actor from crunchboy in france with a really monster cock and he likes sex exhibition in garden public and he is going to give his a monster cock to another guy french bitch
A selection of huge dicks, with cum indeed ! Some of the videos used for this compilation had no sound, I'm sorry for the inconvenience...
Both men are muscular and one is blessed with a hairy chest while the other is smooth. Together they form a perfect fuck team in this great video.
Naughty white guy loves big black dicks a lot and today he is just happy to get his new friend's big black cock stuffing his tight white ass making him moan with pleasure.
Join the compilation video and watch as wet mouths wrap around big black cocks and suck lustily. There are white daddies sucking BBC too!
Come watch as a cavalcade of gay guys take hot facials in the fantastic compilation video. They all want the loads and they all take them with delight.
The Asian bottom is on his knees and elbows and he takes boner from behind. The cock is big inside him and he loves to get fucked by another Asian.
The fat black guy bends his ebony sissy over and fucks him in the ass from behind in a great sex clip to stir your sissy desires and turn you on.
His ass is plowed hard by a big invading cock and he loves it. Then the hairy guy takes a facial and blows his own load on his chest.
The hardcore video stars with the Asian twink on top of a cock as his asshole is penetrated hard. Then he gets a sticky facial and takes a shower.
The best friends have suddenly discovered they are gays so with no delay they begin kissing, sucking cocks and fucking asses of each other
Tyler Griz experiments with some on Dayton`s leather fetish wear before the two get down in to some hot filthy flip-fucking.
The black cock is thick and it's about to fuck that hunky guy in the bottom. There's missionary and doggy style anal fucking for our pleasure.
The two construction workers take a break from the job to have muscular, hot gay sex. Oral, rimming, fingering, and a good doggy style screw.
The bear and the slender black guy get it on today and the sex opens up that white asshole. He likes it from behind and in the missionary position.
While a guy listens from outside the bedroom door these two have passionate hardcore gay sex. Their fucking is incredible and unbelievably hot.
They chose a beautiful spot for their outdoor fuck scene with a waterfall behind them and plenty of good hardcore on camera. There's a facial too!
They come up the path and head into the house so they can have the gorgeous gay sex they crave. Oral is up first and then it's missionary anal.
After a sporting day they're back at home relaxing on the couch and they feel horny. Sex is on the menu and there's plenty of oral before fucking.
He came in for a job interview but didn't know he'd need to masturbate to get the job. Now he has his cock out and he gives it a good stroking.
Horny guy loves the big dick of his lover so much that he is ready to ride it day and night while jerking his own dick at the same time intensively.
Today this hot boy with a very appetizing ass serves as a toyboy for his two nasty lovers and they make him screaming while double penetrating his asshole.
He's fresh home from work and looks good in his suit. He stares lustily at his boyfriend in a towel and he wants that ass so he takes it with his cock.
The dominant men play with their subs in the far reaching gay BDSM video. Electro play, anal sex, whipping, bondage, and much more fill the clip.
To celebrate the holidays the black guy whips out his big cock, gets head from the white boy, and fucks his tight little asshole so deep.
The three fat guys are all in bed sucking, kissing, and fondling. They're huge guys in the mood for sex and that means hardcore anal pounding fun.
The cute blonde twink lies on his back and gets his cock sucked. The married man giving him head is a cutie and wants to experiment with fun times.
The thickly built black guy also has a monstrous cock and he gets blown in the great video. The close up view of the interracial cocksucking is sizzling.
The boy in the dungeon is bound to the table with his legs spread. He's there to be used and there will be twink bareback fucking of the bondage bottom.
Enjoy watching as the lusty guy gives a nice blowjob to his lover and he likes the lover's tasty big black dick so mush that he is ready to suck it over and over again.
These handsome gay policemen know exactly how to relax after a difficult working day. A group of these hot studs never misses a chance to suck and fuck hard!
Lovely Jared enjoys a break from his studies when Bo shows up wanting a piece of the young man's ass.
Guy Fucking His Boyfriend in His Tight Ass.Hardcore gay anal fucking presenting the wildest gay dudes feeding his hungry hole bareback gay action and ass filled with cum.
Colin thinks he hurt himself playing soccer and asks his doctor uncle for help. The older man carefully massages his legs and groin
www.daddygayvideos.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. Copyright � 2011 www.daddygayvideos.com
One loveable canine goes on a magical new adventure for the entire family in Marley and Me: The Puppy Years , cuddling up on Blu-ray and DVD August 16 from Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment. Filmed on location in beautiful Vancouver, British Columbia by acclaimed director Michael Damian (Flicka 2, Moondance Alexander), this touching side story to the original $240 million global box office smash Marley and Me introduces us to Marley as the lovable pint-sized pup.
Fall into puppy love with “the world’s worst dog,” who now has a frisky voice and an attitude to match. Join Marley for his mischievous puppy years, as he and his summer pal, Bodie Grogan, wreak havoc on a neighborhood dog contest. Marley outwits Dobermans, Shepherds and Collies, while stealing hearts in his own unique and lovable way. Get your paws on MARLEY and ME: THE PUPPY YEARS and fetch big laughs for the whole family!
The MARLEY and ME: THE PUPPY YEARS Blu-ray and DVD is packed with bonus material allowing fans to go behind-the-scenes to see all the animal fun on the set.
Available at 4,000 Walmart and Sam’s Club locations nationwide and in Canada, both the Blu-ray and DVD are now available for pre-order exclusively at Walmart.com.
This was a fun family friendly movie! I did not know what to expect after watching the original, as I did not expect a sequel, but the storyline and plot of the movie fit well in the confines of the original movie and what trouble Marley gets into (yet again). The actors did a fine job and I found myself laughing a lot in the film and the girls really enjoyed it as well.
Whether you are young or old, this movie will touch your heart and will make you laugh. I highly recommend it to all!
All opinions expressed in this review are my own and not influenced in any way by the company. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider. Please refer to this site's Disclaimer for more information. I have been compensated or given a product free of charge, but that does not impact my views or opinions.
Do you have a product you want me to review or a contest you want me to run? Would you like to put an ad on one of my sites? Shoot me an email and we’ll work out the details…
Disney announced today that they are launching a New Year’s Sweepstakes and an Instant Win game on December 31st in support of their upcoming, Sam Raimi-helmed film “Oz The Great and Powerful,” which opens in U.S. theaters on March 8, 2013. The promotion runs through January 31, 2013, and offers a Grand Prize as well as Instant Win Prizes.
Inspired by the wizard’s journey, the Road to the Emerald City Sweepstakes invites fans to Tweet their New Year’s resolutions, using #DisneyOz, for a chance to win the Grand Prize—a 4-day/3-night trip to Seattle, Wash., for two.
Visit the official Oz The Great and Powerful Facebook page to watch the Tweets pave the way to the Emerald City and click on select bricks to instantly win prizes, including $100 gift cards for HSN (Home Shopping Network), $50 Visa cards, $10 Starbucks gift cards, copies of the L. Frank Baum Book, “The Wonderful Wizard of Oz,” signed movie posters, and other “Oz The Great and Powerful” products.
Visit the Road to the Emerald City experience, play the Instant Win game, and view Official Rules: https://www.facebook.com/OzTheGreatAndPowerful
For Sweepstakes: No purchase necessary. Void where prohibited. Open to legal residents 13 years or older of 50 U.S. and D.C. and Canada (excluding Quebec). Entrants must have a Twitter account, tweet a New Year’s wish, and include #DisneyOz. Starts 12:00:01 PM ET on 12/27/12, ends 11:59:59 PM ET on 1/31/13. Sponsor: Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
For Instant Win Game: No purchase necessary. Void where prohibited. Open to legal residents 13 years or older of 50 U.S. and D.C. and Canada (excluding Quebec). Entrants must select the Instant Win Bonus Brick in the game located at www.facebook.com/OzTheGreatAndPowerful. Starts 12:00:01 PM ET on 12/27/12, ends 11:59:59 PM ET on 1/31/13. Sponsor: Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Follow the film on Twitter: https://twitter.com/disneyozmovie
Disney’s fantastical adventure “Oz The Great and Powerful,” directed by Sam Raimi, imagines the origins of L. Frank Baum’s beloved wizard character. When Oscar Diggs (James Franco), a small-time circus magician with dubious ethics, is hurled away from dusty Kansas to the vibrant Land of Oz, he thinks he’s hit the jackpot—fame and fortune are his for the taking—that is until he meets three witches, Theodora (Mila Kunis), Evanora (Rachel Weisz) and Glinda (Michelle Williams), who are not convinced he is the great wizard everyone’s been expecting. Reluctantly drawn into the epic problems facing the Land of Oz and its inhabitants, Oscar must find out who is good and who is evil before it is too late. Putting his magical arts to use through illusion, ingenuity—and even a bit of wizardry—Oscar transforms himself not only into the great wizard but into a better man as well.
“Oz The Great and Powerful” is produced by Joe Roth, with screen story by Mitchell Kapner and screenplay by Mitchell Kapner and David Lindsay-Abaire. Grant Curtis, Palak Patel, Josh Donen and Philip Steuer are serving as executive producers. “Oz The Great and Powerful” opens in U.S. theaters on March 8, 2013.
How may Christians better understand the dangers and opportunities offered by the Internet? This excellent resource, written by an expert in the field, explains and illustrates what the technologies are and guides readers to draw on biblical principles (such as self-control and accountability) to help them to apply these to the dangers at hand. It also encourages believers to make the best use of opportunities that arise from judicious use of the World Wide Web.
This was an interesting book that will definitely make you think twice about the internet. The book was filled with great data and history about the internet, but even better than this it provides families with important questions to consider when going online after each chapter. The book was practical and you easily could step out of each chapter with a ton of information and resources that will help you be much more savvy when you or your kids are going online again. The book does have a spiritual slant which makes the book different but also relevant for Christian families today. You can truly tell that the author knows his stuff, but the book is written so that anyone can understand it and leave reading it with a much sounder grasp on the internet and other online aspects that we all should be aware of.
Los Angeles-based author and visionary Elaina Redmond recently released her new children’s book The Power of the Penny which teaches children the values of civic duty, philanthropy and financial literacy. In addition to promoting the book, Ms. Redmond sees it as a tool for starting a whole movement and program with the mission of rebuilding America, both economically and spiritually.
Inspired by her personal hero Abraham Lincoln, Ms. Redmond believes in teaching children from a very young age how to save and also give back to their communities. As quoted in her book, "The penny teaches us that no matter how big the world around us is or how small we might feel, each of us can make a difference everyday."
Abraham Lincoln is the crux of the book’s message and whom Redmond portrays in her book as “the role model for kids becoming heroes in their own lives.” By teaching children the values of savings and service that Lincoln himself displayed as a human being and leader, Redmond states "we can make big change!"
Redmond’s vision is to generate a Power of the Penny movement, for both kids and adults, a domino effect of creating awareness for the penny's symbolic worth and the strength of the individual in helping Rebuild America, economically and spiritually. The book is filled with fun activities and exercises that exemplify the capacity for small denominations to cause big change. “Penny Parties”, one activity outlined in the program, focuses on philanthropic gatherings of small groups with large charitable goals. Two free videos, a free 35 page Penny Toolkit and other information are featured on the website at www.thepowerofthepenny.com
Redmond has also established the Penny Program, where banks and schools make it easy for children to learn about money and civics and start savings accounts. To facilitate the Penny program and book donations to local schools and clubs, Redmond has established The Power Of The Penny Foundation, am emerging nonprofit that is fiscally sponsored by the Pan American Bank Scholarship Foundation in Los Angeles. Donations to the foundation are 100% tax-deductible. The Penny Program is in the process of being formatted with The National Liberty Museum in Philadelphia as an ongoing exhibition. Schools, libraries and other organizations, including Popular Community Bank, Little Gym in Torrance and San Diego Library are already using the Penny book and program to spread the crucial message of fiscal understanding, civic duty, and hope among today’s youth.
I think most of us when we pick up a penny or look at a penny, we do not think much about what is inscribed on the penny or maybe even the man who is on the penny. Elaina Redmond has taken the penny and brought new purpose into its meaning . With the explanation of what the words liberty, In God We Trust, and E Pluribus Unum mean, Elaina has written a story for children (and adults) about the Power of the Penny and the inspiration in the life of Abraham Lincoln.
She challenges her readers to become like Abraham Lincoln. She wants us to focus on being kind, remembering that one person can change circumstances in their life or others lives, to practice honesty, persistence, and treating others with respect. Elaina reminds us that the men and women who helped form our United States of America based the Declaration of Independence on those principles and the principles of equality for all.
This is an excellent book and I encourage each adult to read it to their special child. However as I mentioned above, it is story with principles for adults too.
What does your art reveal about you? The cool questions, colorful quizzes, and quick art projects in this book will help you explore and express your feelings. You'll learn that how you do something can be more important than how well you do it. This book isn't about creating "perfect" art--it's about creating art as a way to discover something new about yourself and the world around you.
This book reveals how art can help girls explore their feelings. Cool questions, colorful quizzes, and quick art projects guide girls through their emotions. With each fun activity, girls explore how they do something rather than how well they do it. This book doesn't teach girls how to create “perfect” art—it teaches them how to use art as a way to discover something new about themselves and the world around them. The new Girl of the Year 2013 titles and Express Yourself activity book will be available on January 1, 2013, wherever books are sold, as well as through the American Girl catalog, at americangirl.com, and at American Girl retail stores
I highly recommend this book as a gift for any young girl who enjoys art: whether it is doodling, drawing, sculpting, painting,etc. Maybe the young girl just needs an outlet for expression and will find the art hidden inside herself.
Saige’s new school year isn’t starting out well. She and her best friend, Tessa, seem to be growing apart. And because of funding cuts, Saige won’t have art—her favorite class—at school this year. Her grandma Mimi suggests that she do something about it, such as lead a “save the arts” parade and fund-raiser on Mimi’s horse Picasso. Soon Saige is training Picasso for the parade, which helps take her mind off her troubles at school. Then Mimi is injured in an accident, and Saige waits and worries, wondering what she can do. Can she ride Picasso in the parade and make her grandma proud? Can she still raise money to protect art at school? Saige is determined to try.
Jessie Haas, author of the 2013 Girl of the Year books, Saige and Saige Paints the Sky, grew up on a Vermont farm, riding, reading horse books, and struggling to train her own horse. Many years later, she is again training a horse, a young mare named Robin, who is the model for Georgia in the Saige books. “As a kid, training was frustrating for me and my horse,” Haas says. “Clicker training changed everything. Now I can explain things to Robin, and she can explain things to me. It makes us both feel smart.”
A passionate reader from early childhood, Haas learned in 5th grade that writing can be as much fun as reading. “Our substitute teacher had us write poems about something we were interested in,” Haas says. “I wrote horse poems, of course, and discovered that I loved writing. I've never stopped.”
Haas sold her first book, Keeping Barney, while a senior at Wellesley College, and has written 33 more books for children, including picture books, easy readers, novels, poetry and nonfiction, as well as two history books for adults. Her children's books have won several awards, including an ALA Notable, Bulletin Blue Ribbon, Kirkus Editors' Choice, Parents' Choice Gold Award, Golden Kite Honor Book Award and Gryphon Honor Book Award, as well as numerous state reading list nominations.
“But what means most to me,” she says, “are stories like this one, shared by a librarian. A fourth grader came to her, hugging Runaway Radish, and said, 'I never thought I could love to read. And then I found my Radish!' I love that story. Kids who love to read can learn anything and do anything, and they have so much enjoyment ahead of them. I'm thrilled to be part of making that happen.”
Haas leads a weekly writer's group which meets at a local elementary school. She says, “Every year I watch the school walls turn from bland to brilliant as the kids' art goes up. That was a major inspiration for the Saige books.”
The Saige books draw on Haas's long-distance love affair with New Mexico. “It all started in 5th grade, with a cowboy book, and has grown to include piñon smoke, New Mexican green chiles, and Southwestern art.”
Jessie Haas lives next door to the family farm in Vermont with her husband Michael J. Daley, also a children's writer, plus two cats, a dog, and a hen. Robin lives down on the farm. Haas and Daley mentor the Maple Leaf Writing Contest for local 5th and 6th graders. To find out more, visit www.jessiehaas.com.
As an adult reading this book , I found it interesting and one I would want my oldest granddaughter to read. It is a delightful book about Saige, a fourth grader, who loves art and horses. It is also a story about her friendship with her best friend who has other interests and a new friend who has the same interests as her. It is a story about her creativity and perseverance in developing a plan to raise money for the arts in spite of obstacles which include an accident that involves her grandmother. It should inspire girls to follow their dreams and pursue the interests they have. I was most impressed with the true story about a young girl, Lizzy, who was highlighted at the end of the book. Lizzy was born with one arm and in spite of her challenges she has become an excellent horse rider.
These are the stories our young girls need to read. They need to know that they have talents that they need to develop. As long as we as parents and grandparents support them, they can reach their dreams.
OUT OF THIS WORLD, the ninth title in this search-and-find series, follows two characters from two separate, very different worlds--until their worlds collide! In the end, we learn that these two worlds really aren't that different at all. They both come from the same place: a child's playroom! Walter Wick's fantastic photographs bring the princess and the robot worlds together through a series of search-and-find activities.
Amazing photographs accompany a terrific search-and-find game by Walter Wick, the creator of the NEW YORK TIMES bestselling Can You See What I See? series and the photographer of the internationally successful I Spy series.
I absolutely loved this book. It was so much fun to try to find each of the items. It was challenging and Walter Wick did a great job of hiding many of the items in each scene.
Today the chalk drawing for the painting, Christ on the Cross, for Vittoria Colonna resides in the British Museum, but what visitors view is not what was given to her by her friend Michelangelo.
The original drawing given to her for his last painting had horrifyingly ominous and grotesque demonic, human and animal faces hidden in the swirls of chalk surrounding Christ’s body. Michelangelo’s Last Painting is an epic tale of international intrigue and conspiracy at the highest levels. The story spans more than 400 years and exposes a chilling revelation discovered in the faces of the original chalk drawing and then concealed in a secret book of the Jesuit religious order and in the painting, which has been lost.
The terrifying revelation is an ancient curse, which explains attempts to exterminate the Jewish people since the time of Abraham.
Richard Arenell and Sao Damrey, lovers, notable art experts, and glamorous members of the fine art glitterati, have been given a mission by a powerful and shadowy Asian software mogul and art collector. To find and secure, by any means possible, the painting of Christ on the Cross, which is now rumored to have been found after being lost for centuries.
As their lives are changed so will yours of what is real and what is fiction in Michelangelo’s last painting and its warning for the future.
What a story of intrigue and suspense this was! As someone who loves mysteries and suspense as well as considers himself a student of history, this was a great mix of many of my literary loves in one book. What you get is a fast paced tale that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you work through the intricate plat that the author presents you. The author also has done a great job at creating a great mix of characters that are well developed and each adds depth to the plot as it thickens and continue to interweave complexity into the story as a whole.
I found myself getting wrapped up and lost in the overall story (which is exactly what I am looking for in a great book). I had a hard time putting this down and even though the book itself was over 400 pages, I was able to get through the book in only a very short amount of time.
If you love mystery and suspense, as well as a historical drama, then this book will definitely deliver!
When Dodge, a German shepherd police dog, finds himself retired after an accident leaves him deaf in one ear, he's lucky to be adopted by the perfect family. Twelve-year-old Cassie Sullivan, his girl, smells almost as good as a dog, and gets her nose for sleuthing from her police chief mom and coroner dad. Cassie is smart and quick on her feet, and doesn't mind breaking a couple rules to get to the bottom of a mystery. Dodge has forty-two dog years of experience solving crime, as well as a great network of other four-legged colleagues when he needs more intel.
When Verdel Ward, the richest man in town, goes missing, it seems like everyone from the mayor to the housekeeper wants his fortune, which he's left behind with no will. But Cassie and Dodge can smell a mystery from a mile away, and can't help wondering why a miser would go swimming in a dangerous cove, what's up with the suspicious fiancee, who's been sneaking around the mansion, and where a twin brother has come from.
My daughter and I love reading mysteries and of late we have been reading some of the original Nancy Drew mysteries and she just loves them. This book has some great tenets within it that reminded me of the Nancy Drew stories - add a dog into the mix and you get a great story! One of the things that I loved about this book (outside of the good mystery content) was the bond between Dodge (the dog) and Cassie Sullivan. The author has done a great job at building the bond itself and as the story continues you can easily see that they two of them were made to work as a team! If you and your family are fans of mysteries, you and your kids will love this story. The story itself is definitely one that young readers can handle and will enjoy, but even better is the opportunity to read this together (as it is fun for the whole family)!
When Doctor Victor Frankenstein died, he left behind a legacy of horror...as well as two unacknowledged, beautiful twin daughters. Now these girls are seventeen, and they've come to Frankenstein's castle to claim it as their inheritance.
Giselle and Ingrid are twins, but they couldn't be more different. Giselle is a glamorous social climber who plans on turning Frankenstein's castle into a center of high society. Ingrid, meanwhile, is quiet and studious, drawn to the mysterious notebooks her father left behind...and the experiments he went mad trying to perfect.
As Giselle prepares for lavish parties and Ingrid finds herself falling for the sullen, wounded naval officer next door, a sinister force begins to take hold in the castle. Nobody's safe as Frankenstein's legacy leads to a twisted, macabre journey of romance and horror.
I was impressed with this book, not only because it is the type of book that will keep you engaged from beginning to end, but more than that the author has done a great job at developing a mysterious storyline with characters that you want to get to know. I also enjoyed the way in which the author tells his story, through the use of diary entries from each of the girls. Through these writings you get to see the distinct differences between the two girls as well as their overall motivations for achieving the goals for which they set in front of themselves. The story and characters were strong and the author has done a masterful job at keeping her readers on the edge of their seats as they wonder how the whole story will conclude. I thoroughly enjoyed the story and your young teen will also!
Told through illustration and rhyme, If I Were President is the story of a young boy who imagines what he would do if he were the President of the United States for a day.
Author, Leila Leidtke, relates her story to children of any age to encourage them to dream about their future goals and to provide motivation for family members and others to help them visualize their dreams.
The author was inspired to write this book when talking with her grandchildren about what they wanted "to be" when they grew up. The author's oldest grandson, Conner, could never decide what he liked best because he wanted to try everything that was possible to do. The author's writing has been greatly influenced by her faith. She has lived a lifetime learning about God's love and provision for our lives. It is God's gifts to us that enable us to find joy and fulfillment in our work and play. She has spent many years helping adults (many with disabilities) find their dream jobs in which their gifts and strengths were used in the workplace. At present she continue this endeavor in her resume service. The author and her husband live in Delaware, Ohio and have two children Morgan and Amy, their spouses Karen and Julie, and three grandchildren Conner, Autumn and Pascal.
Leila Lynne Leidtke has written a book that to me has two parts. The first part is a child's version of the imaginative things they may do if they were president. Who would not want a new car?
The second half relates to the Christian side of believing in God and he has a plan for our lives. The author encourages each of her readers to live the best life they can and believe in God's plan for their lives.
This highly-anticipated Hot Wheels handbook includes an exclusive Hot Wheels car for you on the cover!
From hard-to-find models to new models and all the high speed racers in between, this 96 page book profiles the more than 100 newest cars in the Hot Wheels lineup. With bright, photo-realistic images of each car, simple stats and facts, and an exclusive car, this will make the perfect gift for the Hot Wheels fan!
If you have a child that loves Hot Wheels or other collectible cars, this book will excite and intrigue them. What was great about this book (outside of the car you receive in the book itself) is the fact that it gives in-depth profiles of the cars themselves, allowing the reader to get a much better understanding to the cars themselves. I found the book to be very interesting and I found myself learning quite a bit. My daughter was excited to got through the book and find some of the cars that she owns. She also came out of reading the book with a whole list of cars that she now wants to own as well! This is a great book for any Hot Wheels fan!
The new edition of a popular favorite, this digest-sized, easy-to-read book features summaries of each president and his term of office--from George Washington to the president elected in 2012!
Hail to the chief! The highest title in the United States belongs to the president. Here, readers will learn about all the inspiring individuals who've occupied the Oval Office--from George Washington to the president elected in 2012! Chock-full of information, this accessible book chronicles each president's life and times, and even highlights some funny anecdotes. The process of electing a president is clearly explained, as is the job of a president. Freshly updated for 2012, the cover will feature the newly elected commander in chief!
George Edward Sullivan was born on August 11, 1927, in Lowell, Massachusetts. Between 1945 and 1948, he was in the U.S. Navy, where he served as a journalist. He has written over two hundred nonfiction books for children and young adults on a wide variety of topics. In 2005, his book BUILT TO LAST was honored with the Orbis Pictus Award for Outstanding Nonfiction for Children. Sullivan is a member of PEN, Authors Guild, Authors League of America, and the American Society of Journalists and Authors. He lives in New York with his wife.
This was a great book for any young reader that is interested in learning more about our Presidents. I loved how the book succinctly gives the reader a glimpse into the accomplishments of all of our Presidents as well as some other interesting facts and anecdotes about each and every one. I have been reading biographies of our Presidents and was interested to even read some anecdotes about some of the Presidents that were new to me as well. My daughter has been intrigued with our US Presidents for some time now, but up to date has been fixated on only a few of them. This book opened her eyes and her view of the men who have been US Presidents in the past, which has been great to see and experience.
In a world that uses math, science, and logic to solve mysteries, what happens if none of these can explain the unexplained?
This book will delve into unsolved mysteries throughout history on a quest for the truth. It will seek the answers to questions like, is Bigfoot real? Do UFOs exist? And what's really lurking in the waters of the Loch Ness? Kids will delight in the colored photos, sordid history, and fun facts in Strange Mysteries of the Unexplained. The mysteries questioned inside will give readers the tools to examine the unknown.
My daughter and I love books that bring out strange facts or unexplained phenomena! We find books and cuddle up to dig deep to learn more and ponder the mysteries of this Earthly home where we live. This book was a perfect book for us to share together, as it gave us everything that we typically look for in a book and so much more. What was great about this book was that you get so many unexplained mysteries in one book. So instead of simply looking at one mystery, the book is well laid out to allow the reader to get a glimpse into many unexplained mysteries in many different topical areas. What was nice about this was that it whets your appetite to delve deeper into many of these areas to learn more. For example, my daughter now is very interested in the Yeti and Bigfoot stories and has gone to our local library and the Internet to delve deeper into these stories. These along with many other mysteries lie in store for you when you pick up this book!
A true crime thriller -- the first book for teens to tell the nearly unknown tale of the brazen attempt to steal Abraham Lincoln's body!
The action begins in October of 1775, as Secret Service agents raid the Fulton, Illinois, workshop of master counterfeiter Ben Boyd. Soon after Boyd is hauled off to prison, members of his counterfeiting ring gather in the back room of a smoky Chicago saloon to discuss how to spring their ringleader. Their plan: grab Lincoln's body from its Springfield tomb, stash it in the sand dunes near Lake Michigan, and demand, as a ransom, the release of Ben Boyd --and $200,000 in cash. From here, the action alternates between the conspirators, the Secret Service agents on their trail, and the undercover agent moving back and forth between the two groups. Along the way readers get glimpses into the inner workings of counterfeiting, grave robbing, detective work, and the early days of the Secret Service. The plot moves toward a wild climax as robbers and lawmen converge at Lincoln's tomb on election night: November 7, 1876.
My daughter is totally into the US Presidents and Lincoln is one of her favorites (Mine too). This fictionalized story was so intriguing and the author has done an amazing job at transporting you not only into the story itself but beyond that into the time and era for which the story is set. The book is intriguing and keeps you guessing to the outcome until the very end which is exactly what I want in a great story! What I loved about the story itself was the intricate plot and planning that takes place to pull such a crime off, as well as seeing the inner workings of the Secret Service (at least in how they worked supposedly back then). All-in-all this was a great book that will leave you on the edge of your seat, and you will find that you do not want to put the book down!
Angelina Ballerina® is a mouseling who knows how to celebrate the great big world of dance! Join preschool favorite Angelina and her friends in the new, five-episode collection Angelina Ballerina®: Dance Around the World, available on DVD, Digital Download and On Demand January 8, 2013 from Lionsgate and HIT Entertainment. Grab your dancing shoes, step up and join this lively international dance party featuring jigs and hops, slides and bops and more!
A beloved publishing property for close to three decades, selling over 1.5MM books and printing over 50 titles, Angelina Ballerina embodies dance, music and performance while inspiring girls to achieve their dreams.
Angelina and her friends explore dances from near and far as they boogie, bop, skip and hop around the world in these exciting adventures. In step with a lively Irish Jig, the festive Chinese Dragon Dance, the smooth Cheddar cheese Slide with a French flair and more, the mouselings teach each other – and themselves – about the power of dance….and friendship. Step to some new beats with great friends and global grooves that every young mouseling will love!
My kids have been fans of Angelina Ballerina for a long time, and that's saying a lot for their few years on this earth. I think the combination of mice and dancing is just the right one for these two girls. I have to say that in reading the Angelina Ballerina stories as well as in watching the series, you get transported into a unique world which is so much fun to experience. In this DVD you get to have a ton of fun with Angelina as she and her friends have some amazing adventures. My girls particularly enjoyed the Karaoke videos that are included as bonus features on this DVD. This was a great video for kids that will broaden their imagination and teach them valuable messages in areas such as friendship as well as simply dreaming BIG to achieve what you want - all messages that as a parent I want my children to learn!
All aboard for action-packed messy adventures with preschool favorite Thomas the Tank Engine® and his engine friends in Thomas & Friends®: Muddy Matters arriving on DVD, Digital Download and On Demand January 15, 2013 from Lionsgate and HIT Entertainment. Featuring five action-packed episodes plus three bonus features, the Thomas & Friends: Muddy Matters DVD will be available for the suggested retail price of $14.98. The engines get down and dirty – in a good way – as they accomplish their daily tasks around the Island of Sodor with cooperation, friendship and fun!
Now offering more adventures and value, Thomas & Friends DVDs include even more episodes than before for the same price!
Through mud, garbage and muck, Thomas and his engine friends show that being Really Useful can be a dirty job! See James turn into the Really Muddy Engine and Thomas get showered with garbage. Watch Peter Sam make a big mess trying to keep things on track as Thomas creates chaos with the crows and much, much more. Join Thomas and the Steam Team as they make the best of the mess in these exciting muddy and mucky adventures!
If you are a fan of Thomas the Train this is another great addition to the series as a whole. I was impressed to find that this had a number of episodes that my kids had yet to see on it, thus they were very excited. As always, as a parent I am always looking for shows that teach my children something and what I love about Thomas is that it does just that, it holds many messages in regards to friendship, hard work, persistence and so much more - messages that I try and teach my children on a daily basis. With that being said, I highly encourage you all to consider this DVD for your family, as not only does it have some very important messages that it is sharing, the episodes as well as bonus features are simply fun to enjoy as a whole family!
This second book in Sarah Mlynowski's charming new series puts a fresh spin on the Cinderella story!
Tonight the mirror swept us into Cinderella's fairy tale. Now, we are NOT messing this story up. No way. Cinderella is going to marry her prince just like she's supposed to.
Cinderella broke her foot and there's massive swelling. The glass slipper won't fit, the prince won't know she's the one for him, and they won't live happily ever after. And it's all our fault!
We just have to get it all done before the clock strikes twelve and the chance for a happy ending is gone . . . forever!
I was so glad that there were more than one book in this series as we loved the first book and this book was just as good. As in the first book, the author has done an amazing job at redefining the Cinderella story. I loved the idea that kids my daughters age could find a magic mirror and get transported into a fairy tale. What a fun book this was to read with my daughters and I am definitely planning on sharing this with others (I actually already have)!
Once upon a time my brother and I were normal kids. The next minute? The mirror in our basement slurped us up and magically transported us inside Snow White's fairy tale.
But hey -- we're heroes! We stopped Snow White from eating the poisoned apple. Hooray! Or not. If Snow White doesn't die, she won't get to meet her prince. And then she won't get her happy ending. Oops.
This was such a fun book that will make you think about fairy tales in a whole new way. We received this book on a Friday and by Sunday the book was completed and my daughter was already asking for more books from this series! The book was well written and just when you think that you know what will come next, you will be surprised to what is thrown your way. I commend the author on redefining this fairy tale for a whole new generation. I highly recommend this series to all, you will not be disappointed!
Join lovable host. Ruby, as she welcomes kids into her magical art studio for a day of creativity, fun and friendship. With the help of adorable animated segments, art projects and inspired original music, Ruby guides children through an adventure of learning about empathy, conflict resolution, The Golden Rule, and other ways to make and nurture lasting friendships.
"The Friendship Show" is available on The Mother Company website (themotherco.com) for download now. The Mother Company will be taking pre-sale orders for the DVD, which hit shelves today -- just in time for last minute Holiday gifts!
In short, "Ruby's Studio: The Friendship Show" is the continuation of The Mother Company's mission to "Help Parents Raise Good People." This time, Ruby's focus is friendship - helping young kids to make and nurture lasting friendships, with fun animated sequences, art projects and original music all geared toward helping kids to resolve conflict, show compassion, and encourage kindness toward their peers. Renowned parenting expert, Dr. Robyn Silverman, has contributed the pop-up parenting tips.
As an independent, mama-funded company, we really need to get the word out with more reviews, posts, links, and general awareness. That's where you come in! We value you as an important member of the media that readers rely on and always appreciate whatever information on The Mother Company and its products you can share.
The Mother Company's motto is "Helping parents raise good people". The company has developed books, DVD's, activity books,and music which support children and parents in emotional issues and relationships
This particular book did a very good job of showing Sally's frustrations in a classroom activity. It described her feelings and visual clues she exhibited. The steps to problem solving were explained fully in terms a child could relate to in their life. I felt the book could be useful not only with a family situation but also in a classroom setting too.
It's February 2 and all the animals are tired of winter. But why should the groundhog always be famous for seeing his shadow? Who else wants to try? A chicken? A polar bear? A camel?
Well we have Thanksgiving, Christmas, Hanukkah, Valentines Day, St. Patrick's Day, etc, but does anyone know about Ground Hog's Day?
There is a myth surrounding the day that says if the Ground Hog sees his shadow there will be six more weeks of winter.
Well this humorous and so delightful story will introduce your child to many animals and weather conditions. All the animals want to make a shadow and bring spring. You will see such humor in their expressions and antics and David Bierdrzycki , the illustrator, does an amazing job of bringing those expressions to life in the book.
Does the ground hog really bring spring or winter? Well, at least you can enjoy the fun of imagining the outcome with the animals and the actual ending of the book.
Taylor Swift has been a music superstar since she was a teenager, but now she is doing even more! When she's not selling out arenas, Taylor is making a name for herself in fashion, cosmetics, and even movies. Learn about Taylor's life and work in this awesome book full of pictures and fun facts!
Taylor Swift has become a famous vocal entertainer. After reading this story which is a biography of her life so far, I was impressed by this young woman.
It will illustrate how hard she has worked to become a well known song writer and vocalist. She shows honesty and integrity in her work and personal life. Her family has been an important part of her life and career.
Taylor supports certain charities. She is modest in her dress and that should inspire young girls, considering the other vocalist who dress so minimally.
A special 50th anniversary edition of Clifford's Birthday Party with foil on the cover and stickers!
Everyone wants to give their friend Clifford a special birthday present. But the blow-up ball gets blown up, the pinata gets smashed, the sweater is too small, and the beauty parlor gift certificate just didn't seem exactly right. Finally, Clifford gets the best present of all--his family there to celebrate with him.
Everyone loves Clifford and his adventures with his owner Emily Elizabeth. Your child will enjoy this story of Clifford's birthday party. What kind of gift would you bring to Clifford's birthday party?Remember he is a big red dog.The birthday participants bring wonderful gifts but for a big dog some interesting things happen with the gifts he receives.
The book is humorous and will bring a smile to your face. I feel it is a great addition to the numerous Clifford books that have already been published.
The hidden key to a healthy relationship is not just managing money but understanding how the other approaches money.
Every couple argues about money. It doesn’t matter if you’ve been married for 40 years or dating for 4 months, money touches every decision you make as a couple—from the $5 cup of coffee to the $50,000 car. And when the two of you don’t see eye-to-eye on how much to spend or how much to save, that’s when arguments turn into ugly toxic fights that leave both persons feeling hurt and angry. It’s why money has become the #1 cause of divorce in the U.S. Obviously, something needs to change. The reason this crisis has not been addressed is because it has never been identified, defined, or given a name. Scott and Bethany Palmer, aka “The Money Couple,” have identified and defined this problem and offer concrete solutions to fix it.
Once you know your Money Personality, you can get to the root of money arguments and start really working together. You’ll discover what has an impact on your loved one’s money decisions, and you’ll learn how to talk about money in a way that’s actually fun! You’ll figure out how to put an end to money secrets and lies once and for all.
It’s not just about money management, and it’s definitely not just about overcoming debt. It is a whole new way of living that will change everything in your relationship. Tens of thousands have already been transformed. Are you ready?
Most would say that money issues can be the one issue that can truly cause ultimate strife in a relationship. I know that for my wife and I we have had our concerns about money issues in our years of marriage, and I have to say that this book is one that I wish that we would have had at the beginning of our marriage as I was very impressed to learn about the different money personalities that each of us possess. The five Money Personalities are: Saver, Spender, Risk Taker, Security Seeker and Flyer and I could easily see my wife and my personalities within these. I have to say that each of these areas were ones that opened my eyes, as I came to find that by knowing each of these areas I came to know my own wife better. This book allowed my wife and I to have some very good conversations with each other about what we learned and I now can see that this will allow us to make some much better decisions together in the future based on what we learned.
Star Light, Star Bright, let’s go on a space adventure tonight! Barney encourages Riff to always reach for the stars, even when his homemade spaceship doesn’t reach Mars; Baby Bop learns about Mr. Moon’s important job lighting the night for the world and BJ sees he’s special just the way he is – astronaut or not. Barney and his friends discover that the sky is not the limit when you use your imagination!
This was a fun DVD for anyone who loves Barney. The DVD promotes imagination and you get to see Barney and his friends having a blast in outer space. As a parent I love it when I see videos for kids that expand their minds and allow them to be creative and imaginative and this DVD does both. If you are already a fan of Barney you will love this, and if this is the first time you have experienced it, check it out, you may find that this Barney is different than when you might have expected and that your kids will simply enjoy it, and you will enjoy the overall message that it is sending!
What’s new with Netflix for February 2015? This month, Netflix is celebrating “Create you own Destiny”. Not only does netflix promote this, but as a dad so do I! I believe that it is really important to teach your kids to think outside of the box. To look past the back fence, and to not set limits for themselves and … Read More
Sep 20, - Dan Piepenbring on Claude Lebensztejn's “Pissing Figures, –,” a new book that traces a steady stream of urine through centuries of. Jan 27, - Movies that contain scenes of woman or women peeing. .. four fascist libertines round up nine adolescent boys and girls and subject them to.
Disclaimer: daewoo-matiz.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. All of the Images exposed on our site is hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically collected and added into our website by our script. We do not own, make or host the Images demonstrated on this website. The catalog of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. daewoo-matiz.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at sie1459z [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
Unidentified Woman - ca. January 1960 :: From the Darkroom - Springfield's Historic Newspaper Photographs
Home From the Darkroom - Springfield's Historic Newspaper Photographs Unidentified Woman - ca. January 1960
Rights The photographs in this collection are the property of the Springfield News-Leader, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The collection is provided solely for personal noncommercial use. You may not use the photographs within this collection in a manner that constitutes an infringement of the Springfield News-Leader’s rights or that has not been authorized by the Springfield News-Leader. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service or by the owner of the materials, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the collection. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the collection for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. For information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the historic photograph collection, please contact the Springfield News-Leader.
This Excellent Condition, heavy duty, wide-base, weather-resistant, vinyl-wrapped SWING SET is desig...
Power Wheels Cat Tractor, like new..Tractor Bucket moves up and down with the handle,battery still g...
Wow! One heck of a facelift on this amp compared to what we saw at CES and CanJam SoCal this year. The beautiful, cantilevered Shangri La amplifier uses four custom 300B tubes in the output stage and four custom 6SN7 tube in the input stage. The digital volume control inputs adjustments to a microprocessor that switches resistors in and out of circuit effectively making it a stepped attenuator.
Fang's background in nano-technologies has had him thinking about this project for the last 16 years, and, of course, the metal coated diaphragm in the headphones are nano-thickness. The headphones use bias voltages and connectors compatible with the Stax Pro standard.
HiFiMAN is now taking orders for delivery in three months. The combined amp and headphones are sold only as a matching piar currently. But make sure your wallet is in good health, the combo will set you back a cool $50,000! The sound was quite good, but show conditions prevent any sort of useful evaluation. These will be pretty rare, not sure I'll be able to get a system up here anytime soon, but I'll try.
I saw the tops of the tubes in the photo then scrolled down to see the whole amp and literally said "You've got to be shitting me".
...and why not with real estate prices doubling in China, some cities in just 9 months. Folks feeling wealthy need beautiful gear to furnish their apartments.
.. and they'll probably bring out a v2 within 12 months. Honestly, at this point HFM just come across as an exercise in money grabbing. Sennheiser have earned the right to charge what they do for Orpheus / HE1. Can't say the same for HFM. Anyone who drops $50K on this must be clinically insane.
... On a more friendly note, thanks for the continued coverage, Tyll. Always look forward to your show booth vids.
I wonder if they'll bother with having good build quality for this or if they'll cheap out like the HE-1000?
Those Show organizers treat headphones like it's a Flea Market and headphone people let em get away with it, guess Jude isn't all that influential. Yet, the Headphone Side of Audio is MUCH more important than the two Box side. Schiit is introducing a $15,000 two Box system, on display at this RMAF, while wireless Active loudspeakers are the future for our newest generation of music lovers. Can we understand?
I tried them at RMAF. It was very early in the show, and the tent was still pretty quite. No bass (OK, very bass light).
I'm quite sure I heard "fifteen thousand," not "fifty thousand." Go back to about 1:35 in the video and listen several times. I definitely heard Tyll say no only "fifteen" but also "That's actually a pretty good price," which could never be said in response to a quote of $50k!
I saw another video of this event by "miceblue425" on YouTube, in which Fang unfortunately stated the price as "five, zero." Amusingly enough, he also said, "I hope somebody buys this."
So you say you're a virgin. Your birthday falls between August 23 and September 22. Ruled by Mercury, Virgos are an interesting lot. Methodical, detail-oriented and pragmatic, Virgos have high standards. They can also be fussy, nervous and paranoid. Do these characteristics resonate with you? Take our quick quiz and see how much a Virgo you are.
The Bolden™ commercial kitchen faucet is an industrial style pull-down faucet configured at a compact 18" height to fit under most cabinets. A retractable 20" hose provides superior maneuverability and the dual-function sprayhead allows you to switch from stream to spray easily.
Hose extends 20" range offers smooth sprayhead movement, allowing you to reach every hard-to- get spot in and around your sink.
Single Lever Handle operates with a 90° forward rotation, allowing for installation in tighter spaces with no backsplash clearance needed.
With an uncompromising dedication to quality and innovative design, Kraus has revolutionized the world of plumbing fixtures. We achieved this by embracing the opportunity to offer the highest quality kitchen and bathroom fixtures that are affordable and accessible to everyone. Discover kitchen & bath inspiration with Kraus, and Live Beautifully™.Read more...
" Quality, quality, quality. I know that what I buy will be well made and that any problems will be resolved quickly. "
" Emailed Krauss for advice. Received very quick, clear response. Very happy with Krauss products and customer service. Thanks. "
" I am so pleased with your company, products and prompt customer service, a rear thing in these days. Thank you so much "
" We absolutely Love our Kraus faucet. Not only have we purchased one, but three! We gave one to my parents, and the other was bought for our son and daughter in law. We all enjoy the beauty of the product, and get many compliments on it. Great product "
" I love my Kraus faucet. I also purchased a Kraus sink and I love it!! I have recommended your products and I know they purchased Kraus products as well! "
" Your company is the example of how a company should run, great products, good prices, excellent customer service....I wish every buying experience could be through you. Fast response, excellent service at every step "
People in White Nationalism and the alt-right are generally aware of “fake news”. It is quite readily apparent to us all that mainstream media is full of “jew”ish lies, yet many of these same WNs still put a great deal of faith in mainstream academia, particularly in the areas of history, genetics, and anthropology in general. What these WNs fail to realize is that the full “jew”ish seizure of media control was preceded by their seizure of control of academia. “Jews” have essentially shaped the 21st century White man’s view of his own race’s history.
One of the chief downfalls of modern academia’s view of history is it’s neglect of the classics; the ancient histories of our kindred and ancestors, particularly the earliest European historians. Instead focus is placed on studies of archaeology and language from a view point completely divorced from the reality of race and its significance in history as well as the relations between race, culture and language. The margin for speculation and personal interpretation in these fields is immense, and leaves plenty of room to create confusion. If ever an archaeological discovery is made that defies the “jew”ish narrative (like the black obelisk of Shalmeneser or Behistun rock among many others) it receives little to no attention from academia.
There are about as many prevalent theories about “Indo-European” origins as there are qualified scholars in relevant fields. The truth is lost in the ever-growing mass of conflicting and ill-considered theories. Scholars ignorant or dismissive of race saturate the field of study with analyses made from a purely linguistic or cultural perspective.
The mind of the would-be racially aware scholar is trapped in the “jew”ish false dichotomy of “Indo-European” and “Afro-Asiatic”. The assumption is commonly made that “Indo-European”=White and that “Afro-Asiatic”=non-White. Never once will these people consider the fact that all modern alphabets in use in European languages today have Shemitic Phoenician roots and not “Indo-European” roots. Never do they recognize that the Phoenician alphabet from which all European alphabets derive is the next of linguistic kin to paleo-Hebrew, the language of the Old Testament. Never once do they consider that perhaps not all Whites were what mainstream scholars deem culturally “Indo-European”.
Any confirmed Shemitic cultural presence in early Europe (like that of the Phoenicians) is commonly attributed to racially “semitic” (“jew”ish or Arabic) interlopers. Never do these people consider that perhaps these Shemites who built the racial foundations of Europe were White. Any confirmed racial presence of Whites in Asia, the Levant, Mesopotamia, northern Africa, or the middle east is attributed by these people to “Indo-European” interlopers who adopted “Afro-Asiatic” customs. Never once is it considered that these obviously Caucasian societies, the forebears of western civilization, were White to begin with.
Mainstream academia would have WNs believe that the White race, this great exploring, colonizing, civilization building race, wandered the frozen waste of ancient northern Europe in circles for millennia, creating no civilization while ancient Mesopotamia, Egypt, Anatolia and the Levant (civilizations they esteem to be non-White) had built flourishing civilizations. They esteem our ancestors as primitive barbarians incapable of civilization, art, literature, or architecture until reached by the light of civilization from the Mediterranean. It is beyond their imagination that perhaps these Celtic and Germanic interlopers had their origins in the lands of these advanced ancient Caucasian civilizations and that they were an uprooted migratory remnant of these high eastern civilizations.
Some of these WNs have transcended these falsehoods and recognize many great “Afro-Asiatic” or otherwise non-European civilizations, like those of Egypt, India and Mesopotamia, as originally White, but tell them that the peoples of the Bible were White (as the Bible describes them) and suddenly their brain shuts down. The “jew”ish claims to Adamite/Sethite/Noahite/Shemite/Hebrew/Israelite/Judahite heritage are unquestionable to many such minds, despite their knowledge that “jews” are the world’s most famous liars.
Genetics is another field in which “jew”ry thrives. By occupying and subverting this field of study a small collection of “jew”ish academics have the opportunity to dictate to the entire secular world their origins, history and identity. Anyone expecting an honest breakdown of their racial origins from any of the major genetic analysis companies is not going to get what they’re after. These “jews” will steal, file and sell your genetic information, measure your genome against modern day sample populations, and based on that tell you the modern nationality of your DNA. No consideration is given for the vast migrations of different racial groups across the ages. Don’t be surprised if they throw in a few splashes of non-White DNA for the sake of diversity. Besides; the genetic analysis industry is primarily for “jews” to track their mongrelized, inbred, and genetically unstable populations for their own purposes. If they make a buck and confuse the White man thats just a bonus.
Have you ever noticed how no mainstream historians can or will give an in-depth explanation of the origins of the Celtic and Germanic peoples? As far as mainstream academia is concerned these days the White man has no history beyond the days of Rome. Who were these new and foreign interlopers who the Romans rather arbitrarily divided into “Gauls” and “Germans”? A small handful of honest mainstream historians will admit that they descended from the Scythians and Cimmerians, as this is very apparent to anyone who makes any serious study of the related Greek and Roman accounts, but beyond that their history is hidden from public consciousness. The facts are literally inscribed in stone across the Eurasian continent and written in the most treasured classical histories of Greece and Rome. Assyrian tablets and Persian inscriptions likewise reveal this apparent mystery with incredible clarity to any who seek it.
Trace the names through the histories. Scythians, Iskuza, Saka, Sacae, Saxons, Cimbri, Ghimri, Cimmerians, Khumri, Omri, Galatae, Galileans, Galatians, Gaels, Gauls, Trojans, Dardans, Dorians, Danaans, Tuatha de Dannaan, Milesians, Phoenicians, Hapiru, Iberi, and Ibri are among the many names the earnest scholar will find along the way as he digs deep in an earnest attempt to expose the roots of the White man’s family tree. Any serious honest attempt to retrace the White race’s footsteps will lead you east through Asia back to the cities of Media and then to Mesopotamia, Egypt, Palestine and the ancient kingdoms of the children of Jacob-Israel. Your roots run deeper than you think White man, and you will uncover them in surprising places if you search diligently.
God hates Jacob's brother Esau and his wicked amalgamated descendants, but loves Jacob(Israel) and his progeny with all His heart.
As this White Christian/Israel seed of the woman made their way westward across northwestern Europe and to the British Isles they were called by many different names. The Persians called them Sakae. The Greeks called them Scythians. The Romans called them Dacians.
Later on in history this particular branch of the Holy Seed of the Woman moved westward into Europe and northward into Scandinavia and the British Isles. They appeared under the names of the Franks, Angles, Goths, Saxons, Celts, Visgoths, Ostrogoths, Lombards, Belgae, Norsemen, North men, Vikings, Danes, Varangians, Germani, Alemani, Teutons, and others, but they were still the seed of the foregoing tribal units of Israel people emerged as political states under the name Germany, Denmark, France, England, Scotland, Holland, Finland, Sweden, Norway, and other countries of northwestern and eastern Europe.
Ephraim is the British Isles. Manasseh is the United States. Danmaerk is Dan, Judah and Benjamin, Holland is Zebulon, Germany is primarily Judah and Dan and Reuben. Ireland is Dan and Zarah Judah, The Scandinavian Countries are Dan, Benjamin, Judah, Northern Italy is Naphtali, France was Zarah Judah, with Gad(Gaul) and others.
Albania published a tender for HPP Kalivac Albania, published by BGEN, May 31th, 2017 - ESC Adriatic
Home › Informacion › Albania published a tender for HPP Kalivac Albania, published by BGEN, May 31th, 2017
The Albanian Ministry of Energy and Industry published a tender for the construction of the Kalivac hydropower plant on the river Vjosa and concession to produce power for the national grid over a period of 35 years. The private/public partnership project includes the construction of a dam along with the power plant, the ministry statement said.
The hydropower plant will be built near the Kalivac village, in southern Albania, the ministry said in a contract notice published on the website of the Albanian Public Procurement Agency.
The statement said that Albania gets 100% of its electricity from hydropower plants but that no new major power generation facilities have been built in the country for more than 30 years. It added that seven medium sized hydropower plants of a total of 130 MW were built between 2012 and 2015.
According to a 2008 report by the Energy Community, Albania produced 98% of its electricity from hydropower plants, most of it from three power plants along the Drin river. The country’s only thermal power plant Fier, which had six 31 MW generators, was shut down as an unsustainable enterprise because of its antiquated technology and high oil prices.
The ministry set six criteria for the concession – the value of the concession fee, ecological and social effects, installed power, project completion time frame, connection to the national power grid and an assessment of the work carried out by the previous concession holder.
The ministry broke off a concession contract for the Kalivac power plant with the Italian company BEG which agreed to build a 108 MW hydropower plant in 2012 but failed to complete the project. BEG filed law suits against a number of local subcontractors.
Disclaimer: The authorship and the opinion expressed pertain to their authors. While all the effort are made by Esc Adriatic to ensure the accuracy of this publication, it is not intended to provide legal advice as individual situations may differ and should be discussed with an expert and/or lawyer. For any specific technical or legal advice on the information provided and related topics, contact us through “lorenc.gordani@euroelektra.al”.
Archives Select Month April 2018 (6) March 2018 (17) February 2018 (36) January 2018 (45) December 2017 (12) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (10) September 2017 (24) August 2017 (35) July 2017 (34) June 2017 (29) May 2017 (35) April 2017 (33) March 2017 (31) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (1)
You may not have sufficient privileges to access this page. Are you trying to edit someone else's post, access administrative features or some other privileged system? You cannot post or reply until you have activated your account. Remember when you registered with this forum, the instructions said an activation e-mail was sent to the address you registered with. Did you activate your account? Make sure your spam filters allowed an e-mail from subsim@subsim.com
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Silent Hunter 3 - 4 - 5 Silent Hunter 5 Silent Hunter Online SH5 Mods Workshop Silent Hunter 4: Wolves of the Pacific SH4 U-Boat Missions Add On SH4 Fleet Boat Mods Workshop SH4 Mission Designers' Forum SH4 ATO Mods SH4 Knights of the Sea Depths II: Adversaries Silent Hunter III SH3 Mission Designers' Forum SHIII Mods Workshop Killerfish Games COLD WATERS Mods Workshop for Cold Waters Atlantic Fleet / Pacific Fleet Sonalysts Combat Sims Dangerous Waters Red Storm Rising DARPA Game – “ACTUV Tactics” DW Mod Workshop DW Mission Designers' Forum Sub Command, Fleet Command, & Jane's 688(I) Subsims & Naval Games General Games Discussion Pirates & Sailing Ships Crash Dive Jutland Classic Subsims Wolfpack Silent Depth UBOAT Ironclads Command: Modern Air/Naval Operations Indie Subsims WOTA: Wolves of the Atlantic Sub Commander General General Topics PC Hardware/Software forum Sub & Naval Discussions: News, Books, Films, and Models Submarine Museum/Restoration Forum Subsim Swap Shop Comments to SUBSIM Review Tanksim.com Helosim.com and Flight Sims Subsim International SUBSIM Deutsches Forum SUBSIM Nederlands Forum Foro Hispano de Subsim Subsim.com Polskojęzyczne forum dyskusyjne Subsim.com 日本語専用フォーラム Subsim.com 论坛中文版 Русский форум го Special Projects Subsim Events & Activities 2008 Mystery Subsim Challenge 2009 SUBSIM Meet 2010 Subsim Meet Best of Subsim Sub Club 2010 SUBSIM April Fool scam
Their effectiveness required the combined resources and skills of many individuals during an attack. Sonar, helm, depth charge crews and the movement of other ships had to be carefully coordinated. Even so, there were two major drawbacks even the best-trained depth charge attack crew faced: one was that, in order to deploy its depth charges a ship had to pass over the contact, dropping them over the stern; sonar contact would be lost just before attack, rendering the hunter blind at the crucial moment. This gave a skillful submarine commander an opportunity to take evasive action. Secondly, in the minutes immediately following the explosion of a depth charge passive sonar was unable to track contact due to the massively disturbed and displaced water churning as a result of the explosion, and even active sonar/ASDIC had severe difficulty reacquiring contact right afterwards. This gave the aforementioned skillful submarine commander yet a second chance to disengage and evade.
The depth charge noise mod simulates both the short-term, immediate, and the long-term, lingering, effects of a depth charge explosion. When a depth charge explodes it creates a spherical explosion, leaves behind a large, roughly globular area of water churning with acoustically noisy bubbles. The depth charge noise mod still displays the visual effects of the depth charge explosion, both above the surface and beneath, but now adds a pocket of bubbles that remain behind each explosion. Each depth charge explosion now creates two invisible Bolds, one with a lifetime of five (5) minutes, an apparent surface area of 900, and a noise level of 10, and a second with a lifetime of one (1) minute, an apparent surface area of 300, and a noise level of 75. (I have no idea what effect the "noise" setting have for any given value, as that is not explained anywhere; as well, the basic Bolds have their noise value set at "0". I suspect that that value is set at the time of deployment, but I have no way of ascertaining that. )
In tests I have been able to (usually) carefully creep away under silent running from a group of eight destroyers actively hunting (and pinging) my test submarine, after the first couple of depth charge runs had created a lot of water disturbance. The escorts usually wind up repetitively depth charging the location of the "bubbled" area . . . usually. The effectiveness of the enemy escort sonar operators (whether Poor, Novice, Competent, Veteran, Elite) helps determine the effectivity of the masking effect of the disturbed water area, which means the more dangerous the enemy is, the more likely they are to successfully reacquire contact with you. As well, escorts that have been fooled by the noise disturbance into reacting to it over and over, do not get trapped into a loop and never stop attacking the hidden bubble cloud; eventually they figure it out, and leave to go hunting elsewhere.
The depth charge noise mod is meant to simulate real behavior of a specific object: that of a depth charge. It is not meant as a "Get out of jail free" card, or to make evading enemy escorts easier just to make that easy.
Version 2.0: Usable now for 4 different game versions [stock (vanilla), GWX Gold, NYGM, and WAC 5.0]; altered the "bubble" appearance; added a second noise effect; (readme file is still for version 1.0 release; will be updated next revision)
Rev. A: (hopefully) fixed the save-and-reload-CTD bug; made adjustments to the disruption sizes, noise levels and lifetimes.
Depth charges are an anti-submarine warfare weapon, intended to destroy a submarine by being dropped into the water in the close proximity of a suspected submarine's location, and then detonating, which subjects the target to a powerful and destructive hydraulic shock.
The depth charge noise mod simulates both the short-term, immediate, and the long-term, lingering, effects of a depth charge explosion. When a depth charge explodes it creates a spherical explosion, leaves behind a large, roughly globular area of water churning with acoustically noisy bubbles. It still displays the visual effects of a depth charge explosion, both above the surface and beneath, as well as creating a pocket of bubbles remaining behind each explosion. It effectively creates an invisible Bold decoy with visible bubbles. Each depth charge explosion creates an invisible Bold, with a lifetime of five (5) minutes, an apparent surface area of 300, and a noise level of 1.5.
In tests I have been able to (usually) carefully creep away under silent running from a group of eight destroyers actively hunting (and pinging) my test submarine, after the first couple of depth charge runs had created a lot of water disturbance. The escorts usually wind up repetitively depth charging the location of the "bubbled" area . . . usually. The effectiveness of the enemy escort sonar operators (whether Poor, Novice, Competent, Veteran, Elite) helps determine the effectivity of the masking effect of the disturbed water area, which means the more dangerous the enemy is, the more likely they are to successfully reacquire contact with you. As well, escorts that have been fooled by the noise disturbance into reacting to it over and over, do *not* get trapped into a loop and never stop attacking the hidden bubble cloud; eventually they figure it out, and leave to go hunting elsewhere.
The depth charge noise mod is meant to simulate real behavior of a specific object: that of a depth charge., It is *not* meant as a "Get out of jail free" card.
At the moment I can only assure compatibility with WAC 5.0 (WarAceCampaign 5.0), which needs to have itself, and all its associated, mods, enabled before enabling the depth charge noise mod. These must be enabled before enabling this mod. Assuming there is sufficient interest I may make variations for other major mods.
No, I hadn't seen that. Then again, as it seems meant only for SH4 and I only play SH3 (and my mod is only meant for SH3) I'm not surprised I hadn't seen it before.
No, its not just for SH4. In fact I believe it was made for SH3 first. You need to do a little more research Friend.
In fact if you go to Plisskens mod archive and look under Racerboys mods ( that was The Dark Wraiths old subsim handle ) you will find it available for download. He even has 2 versions for SH3 commander that can go buy date or randomly. Can't remember where to find those but I do have a copy of the by date version.
I've downloaded and examined the TheDarkWraith_DC_Water_Disturbance_v4_0_SH3 mod. Without any readme, or other explanation, just looking at the file name really told me nothing about what it was, did, or was intended to do. As well, the only example of his mod here on subsim's download site was the TMO2_fix_for_TDW_DC_Water_Disturbance_v2_0_SH4, so forgive me for assuming that was his only version. (I did say "Then again, as it seems meant only for SH4", after all).
I've examined the .dat file and it seems that all it does is spawn the decoy bubbles along with the depth charge underwater explosion. I'm curious as to the results others have had when using this mod, and would also welcome any explanation as to how the TheDarkWraith_DC_Water_Disturbance_v4_0_SH3 actually works.
......a sometimes self-deprecating and occasional tongue-in-cheek look at ourselves and the world around us ......
It gives us great pleasure to present a report on the activities of the Muslim Charitable Foundation.
The Muslim Charitable Foundation was formed to co-ordinate the collection and distribution of funds from the Muslims of Brisbane and surround. To this end, we collect and distribute zakaat, lillah, fitra, unwanted interest and assist at the times of need locally and internationally � those that have been affected by natural disasters.
Although we have not had a large public launch of the organisation, we have distributed widely through the masajid and business houses our flyers detailing the work of MCF. We have had a meeting with the Imams of the various masajid, where we explained what MCF is all about and the role that they, the Imams could play in the organisation. The most important benefit to the various masajid was that they are now in the position to refer any requests for assistance straight through to MCF. We then investigate the applicants� circumstances and in many instances the Imams accompany us on the home visits. The advice of the Imam is always sought to ensure that the rule of shariah are adhered to in the distribution that we do, especially of zakaat monies.
We also met with the various Muslim organisations in and around Brisbane. Only seven organisations attended the session that was held at the Gold Coast musjid followed by lunch. Again the work of MCF was explained and their assistance and co-operation of the organisations sought.
To date we have assisted approximately 50 families or individuals for various forms of need, e.g. rental assistance, medical needs, debts in various forms, rental bonds, unpaid electricity and telephone bills, etc.
We receive referrals from Imams, from Organisations and many individuals visit Janeth Deen at her shop in Woodridge. We have also received calls for assistance from non-Muslims and we do have limited funds available to assist if necessary.
As far as our Emergency Funds collections are concerned, we have assisted in Indonesia in 2009 after the Earthquake damage. Here we have transferred the funds to an organisation called Al-Imdaad Foundation (Indonesia). One of the members of MCF has visited Indonesia and met with the representatives of Al-Imdaad and was satisfied with the work that they do and the systems of accountability. Funds raised at the Fund-raising event in 2009 at the Islamic School for the Samoa tsunami victims were handed to the Islamic Council of Queensland for distribution in Samoa through their contacts.
More recently, we have had the devastating floods in Pakistan. Through the generosity of the Muslims of Brisbane and surrounding areas, we have distributed the following amounts:
$40 000 � 00 was given to Mufti Zeyad Ravat who personally handed over assistance in the various areas of need in Pakistan;
$15 000 � 00 was given to Dr Fuzzy Moolla who rendered medical assistance to the affected people of Pakistan;
And now more recently $ 49 623 � 00 was given to Imam Hamadullah Bhutto to continue with the relief work on behalf of MCF and the Muslims of Australia.
I have to point out that all these individuals travelled at their own cost or were sponsored by certain individuals. No funds collected by MCF for any relief programme is used to pay for travel or land arrangements.
We are a fledgling organisation and also going trough a learning exercise. We are trying to do our best and fulfil what we think is an important role for Muslims in Queensland. We are not a closed organisation and have repeatedly called for help. All the members on our Trust Board have full-time jobs and do this work for the pleasure of Allah (SWT). Anybody is welcome to attend our monthly meetings which take place on the first Wednesday of each month. Remember this is an unpaid job in this world, but Insha Allah, you will be well remunerated in the Hereafter.
As June 2010 was our first official financial year-end, it took us some time to appoint an auditor to audit our financials and deliver a report. We managed to secure the services of an auditor who has agreed to charge a nominal amount of fees for his services and we are very grateful for that.
I trust that I have managed to give you a clearer indication of who MCF is and what it has done since inception. We urge to call us at anytime if you need to know anything that you are unsure about or have �heard� from somebody. We are an open organisation and have nothing to hide. Because we understand the amaanah that we carry in executing the collection and distribution of a fundamental act in Islam of Zakaat, we have to act correctly. And that we are answerable to Allah (SWT) for our actions.
We have attached a copy of our Annual Audited Financial Statement for the year ending June 2010 and our Treasurer's Report which are also available on our website.
The aim of the club will be to raise awareness of animal welfare issues and promote responsibility towards the welfare of animals (Animal Welfare League, Australia).
The members of the Club will work closely with organizations and departments that are concerned with the welfare of animals.
The ACT Department of Education and Training will be consulted and informed about the Club�s activities.
Muslims Australia (AFIC) president and chairman of the school's board, Mr Ikebal Patel, told CCN, �In addition to educating the members of the community the Club aims to offer learning opportunities for all students at our school about animal welfare through programs offered by specially qualified people in this area�.
A Gardening and Humanities Section will also be introduced utilising the facilities that the school acquired as part of the move to the new Weston former CIT campus.
A 400-strong, packed to the rafters Michael's Oriental restaurant was the venue for a comedy night that helped raise over $20 000 for the Pakistan flood victims.
With well-known Brisbane personality, Zaffar Khan (pictured right), ruling the roost in his role as impresario, MC, auctioneer and accidental comic, there was just enough room left for 'imported' stand-up comedian, Nazeem Hussain, to work through his tried and trusted repertoire.
Full marks to Mr. Khan for succeeding in raising more funds in his second organized dinner and for drawing together a diverse crowd of people to support the cause that included members of the Sikh, African and Turkish communities.
They would have been more than impressed with the passion, enthusiasm and generosity displayed on the night to say nothing of the seemingly endless varieties of dishes that kept arriving at the tables throughout the evening.
David Forde of the Kuraby Lions told CCN: "I want to offer my sincere congratulations to the organizers on a wonderful evening, not just for the fundraising, but also the food and the entertainment (and that includes the auction!)."
If you can see this, your browser doesn't understand IFRAME. However, we'll still link you to the file.
Dr Iqbal Sultan of the Muslim Funeral Services (MFS) delivered a presentation on the role of the newly constituted organization to an invited group of Imams, ghusl committees and Islamic Societies at the Kuraby Mosque yesterday (Saturday).
MFS will operate as a Funeral Director and administer a Funeral Savings Fund for those wishing to save towards their funeral services.
Any organizations or individual wishing to learn more about MFS or have a similar presentation made can contact Dr Sultan on 0412 845 786 or email janaza@bmbs.org.au.
WORONGARY residents celebrated as a proposed mosque was knocked back by a council committee yesterday, but were warned their jubilation could be short-lived.
The council had prepared for the worst at yesterday's potentially emotive city planning meeting, with a security guard on hand to deal with a 50-strong crowd, but concerns were unwarranted.
Councillors voted to recommend rejecting the mosque, against their officers' advice, and are now expecting a legal challenge.
Area councillor and city planning boss Ted Shepherd led the charge against the mosque, saying council should listen to the concerns of more than 500 residents who objected to it.
He cited noise, dawn prayer services and traffic concerns, despite council officers stating these would not be an issue.
Cr Greg Betts branded the officers' recommendation of limiting the mosque's hours of operation to 7am to 8pm as "culturally insensitive", as Muslims were required to pray at sunrise.
Cr Peter Young said that, while he supported the refusal due to the potential impact on residents, he said they would not have a leg to stand on in court with the reasons the councillors gave for rejecting the application.
'We've remained moderate and respectful during all of our objections, says Sean Mann Cr Young claimed the approval of the Nerang Buddhist Temple in March this year which he said faced similar issues as the Worongary mosque would give legal precedence for the council's decision to be challenged and even overturned in court.
He said this meant the worship centre could go ahead without any of the conditions from the council.
Worongary resident Sean Mann who led the protest against the mosque said the council had looked past the paperwork to see the impact it would have on the residents.
"I'm proud of the community that we've remained moderate and respectful during all of our objections," he said.
Cr Shepherd said he would welcome the mosque in another area of his division that was more appropriate, such as a rural or an industrial site.
A spokesman for the Islamic Multicultural Association of the Gold Coast who are behind the proposal declined to comment.
BRITISH novelist Terry Pratchett writes that "the IQ of a mob is the IQ of its most stupid member divided by the number of mobsters".
I think about that rather biting observation whenever I see residents shouting and waving banners over plans for affordable housing in their suburb or a Muslim school down the road.
No one has ever produced any research to show proximity to allegedly undesirable things such as mosques or government housing actually hurts values.
My three decades in Australian property suggests it isn't so and that many protesters fit the Pratchett definition.
It's often assumed suburbs with high crime rates or social disadvantage show inferior real estate performance, but I continually find the opposite.
Inala is a stigmatised area of Brisbane but, with a long-term annual growth rate of 14 per cent, it has pulled ahead of most of the city's suburbs.
One of most farcical examples of "much ado about nothing" came last year when residents of new estates in downmarket Keysborough in Melbourne clamoured for a name change, to distance themselves from the apparent stigma which they claimed would damage property values.
But Keysborough, with an average annual growth rate of 12 per cent, has one of the best long-term records anywhere in Melbourne. In the year since the new estate snobs raised their vacuous concerns, its median price has risen 15 per cent.
Residents always go ballistic whenever the Muslim community applies to build a school or a mosque. It's nothing to do with racism, you understand, its all about planning issues or lack of consultation.
However, I never hear anyone protesting against development plans by one of Australia's biggest property owners, the Catholic Church.
Strangely, whenever I look at properties for sale in the Sydney suburb of Lakemba, I notice homes advertised with "close to mosque" as a big selling feature. The 15 per cent rise in Lakemba's median price in the past year suggests the highly-visible Imam All bin Abi Taleb Mosque hasn't decimated property values.
Some of the same people shout down anyone who speaks in support of the refugees at public meetings, thereby demonstrating a contempt for democracy. When they do that, they cross the line between community and mob.
The most high-profile recent fuss comes from Woodside in the Adelaide Hills, over plans for an immigration detention centre nearby. The media reported expressions of fear, betrayal, anger and outrage from local residents, who claim their biggest beef is a lack of democracy because they had no say.
Adelaide lecturer on property investment Peter Koulizos says residents have over-reacted to the prospect of having asylum-seekers in the community. He says Port Augusta has felt benefits from refugees living at the immigration facility there and that Woodside residents might do likewise, especially local businesses. "I just think they're being ridiculous," he says. Neighbours of the Port Augusta's facility support Koulizos' view and suggest Woodside residents should "get over it". One says: "I think the Hills residents are being a bit silly."
Me too. Port Augusta's median price has grown an average 14 per cent a year over the past five years. And the Sydney suburb of Villawood saw values grow 15 per cent in the past year, despite the presence of a significant detention facility.
It was an occasion for the pupils to show off their talents and for all, teachers, students and helpers alike, to be recognized for their hard work, dedication, commitment and achievements over the year.
A video presentation highlighted the daily activities of the Madressah and the pupils entertained their parents, family members and supporters with plays and nasheeds.
The teachers were presented with certificates of appreciation and Mr. AK Surtie was particularly singled out for mention for his outstanding and unstinting contribution to the administration of the Madressah and the Mosque.
The Kuraby Seafood Takeaway opened recently at shop 2/1347 Beenleigh Rd, Kuraby (directly opposite the Kuraby Railway Station)
Run by Asgar and Saiyad (both from Fiji) the Kuraby Seafood Takeaway opens daily at 9.30am and closes at 7.30pm.
Asgar told CCN that his was the only halal seafood takeaway run by Muslims on the Southside and he hoped that with the support of local Muslim community he would be able to continue to improve the variety and service that he is currently offering.
So if you want a change from red meat and grilled chicken you surely can�t go wrong with a place with the slogan that says: �When you come to Kuraby you SEE Food so why not come in and try something FISHY�.
Mention CCN when you visit the shop and you can come away with 4 pieces of crumbed cod, imported chips, tartare sauce and lemon for just $17 - enough to feed a family of four!
The Muslim Womens' Convert Support Services (MWCSS) was established to serve the needs of the women converts to Islam through education, information sharing and social interaction within and outside of the Muslim communities.
Falling under MWCSS's administration recently has been the Sister's House in Kuraby which offers temporary emergency accommodation for new women converts.
MWCSS is currently organizing a number of activities over the summer period that include cooking and sewing classes and classes for young girls and boys.
England's resurgence has come about thanks to intelligent use of its natural resources, whether the variety within the immigrant community or the grey matter of former captains
The influence of the immigrant populations has been crucial for English cricket, as seen from the Monty Panesar example
Fifteen years ago I predicted that by 2010 England would be the strongest team in the world. It was a bold forecast, since they have not claimed the top spot since Len Hutton was taking the shine off the new ball, Frank Tyson was terrorising batsmen and Jim Laker was outwitting them. And it has proved premature. England are not yet top of the tree but are climbing fast and showing no signs of vertigo.
Several factors lay behind the predication. England's main advantage is that for historical reasons most of its incoming populations are familiar with the game, if not devoted to it. Alone among the colonial powers England took its sports with them and sought to convince locals of their merits. Of course they argued that the games were character-building and so had an educational value. It was arrant nonsense. Englishmen of a certain sort have long tried to pretend that they are above all this nonsense. The poor dears spent too long fielding at third man in house matches and never quite recovered. Accordingly they became snooty and pseudo-intellectual and wasted their lives writing for obscure magazines. ..............
But the influence of the immigrant populations has been crucial. At the last count about 150 foreign-born players had secured county contracts. And that does not count fellows like Monty Panesar, born and bred locally but into a Punjabi family. His ancestors come from Ludhiana, a teeming city not far from Chandigarh.
Thanks partly to European labour laws most of these players counted as locals. As a result English cricket became ever more diverse.
England's success has been due to its ability to make the most of these various influences. Africa arrived with its rigour. Four of the top seven team members were born on that continent. Two of them were imports but England could hardly turn them away. Two were raised locally but brought with them the harder outlook required to survive in raw places. Those convinced that their place of birth is a coincidence are defying a mathematical certainty. Incidentally David Gower and Derek Pringle (the most underestimated of the English scribes) are also sons of Africa.
Next, England had the sense to choose another African, Andy Flower, as coach. Flower is tough, respected and measured, exactly the combination needed to get the best out of an ambitious team. Every player could respond to him. Hs task was not to harden the team but to bring out its hidden strengths. Neither England nor its cricketers had ever been soft. No one ever accused them of that. The island story tells quite another tale. Just that they had lacked leadership. But a culture can become self-indulgent without realising it and then an outside voice is essential.
After a long period England are back on track. Australia's problems have just begun. The first and last wickets in Adelaide told the story.
Two middle-aged Australian players lost in a confusion of calls as an Africa-raised opponent, previously regarded as a commonplace fieldsman, seized the chance and threw down the single stump in his sights. A few days later the home team's incompetent tailender was baffled and beaten by an off-break that curled away and turned back between bat and pad.
Of all games cricket is the most diverse, and ought to shout it from the roof tops. In a few nations it embraces white, black and brown, Hindu, Muslim, Buddhist and Christian, colonial, post-colonial and anti-colonial, first and third world.
This was not merely a battle between 4th and 5th nor yet between long-standing opponents or between north and south. It was a contest between rising and falling, young and aged, ambitious and anxious, expectant and hopeful, ruthless and delusional. For the first time in decades, Australia were the older and weaker side.
English cricket still has a little way to travel. Of all games cricket is the most diverse, and ought to shout it from the roof tops. In a few nations it embraces white, black and brown, Hindu, Muslim, Buddhist and Christian, colonial, post-colonial and anti-colonial, first and third world. All the more reason to excite the local Caribbean community so that their contribution is not wasted and English cricket becomes not merely an example of excellence but also a means of unification.
Momina Ahmed Allahwala, College Captain and College Dux 2010, at the Islamic College of Brisbane, has recently been awarded the 2010 Caltex All Rounder Gold Medal Award which recognizes participation and excellence in academic, leadership, sporting and community service activities.
At the Graduation Ceremony held at the Islamic College in November, Momina also received the Long Tan Leadership and Teamwork Award for Year 12 students from the Australian Defence Forces.
Algester Madrassah is holding its annual program this Sunday. A variety of items will be performed by the students.
This is a job opportunity for a part time/casual accountant in the new year. The applicant should, preferably, have experience in the following areas: MYOB, either Solution 6 or Accountants Office, Income Tax, BAS preparation and Simple Super.
The Australian International Islamic College Is seeking a Registered Teacher with Library and IT skills for 2011 at their Durack Campus.
CCN is a great newsletter, it keeps me informed with many events and news in Brisbane and around the world.
In the Californian case, FBI informant Craig Monteilh's mission backfired. Muslims were so alarmed by his talk of violent jihad that they obtained a restraining order against him.
Irvine, California: The spying game wasn't all it was cracked up to be for Craig Monteilh (pictured left), a convicted criminal recruited by the FBI to investigate the march of radical Islam into Southern California. His endless talk of violent "jihad" so alarmed worshippers at the local mosque, that they took out a restraining order against him.
Monteilh spent 15 months pretending to be Farouk al-Aziz, a French Syrian in search of his religious roots. He prayed five times a day at the Islamic Centre in Irvine, Orange County, wearing white robes with a camera hidden in one of its buttons, and carried a set of car keys that contained a secret listening device.
The enthusiastic attempt to catch local Muslims discussing terror campaigns backfired, however, when community leaders went to the police with fears that the suddenly devout young man, who got up to pray at 4am, had become a radical in their midst.
The terror case Monteilh had been helping build against Ahmadullah Niazi, the brother-in-law of Osama bin Laden's bodyguard, collapsed in September, when the bungling informant revealed that his FBI handlers had instructed him to entrap his potential target and told him that "Islam is a threat to our national security".
He would walk up to one of my friends and say, 'It's good that you guys are getting ready for the jihad'
Yesterday, as details of his efforts to persuade Niazi to blow up buildings became public, leading US Muslim organisations said they have suspended all contact with the FBI in protest against the excesses of agents who are secretly, and in some cases illegally, monitoring mosques.
"The community feels betrayed," Shakeel Syed, executive director of the Islamic Shura Council of Southern California, an umbrella group of more than 75 mosques, told The Washington Post. "They got a guy, a bona fide criminal, and obviously trained him and sent him to infiltrate mosques... It's like a soap opera, for God's sake."
Monteilh, who had previously served time in prison for forgery, says he was recruited on his release in 2006 by FBI agents, who he met in doughnut shops and Starbucks outlets. After being given the code name "Oracle", he was told to root out radicals among the region's 500,000 practising Muslims.
Over the 15 months that he posed as al-Aziz, Monteilh was paid almost $200,000 to pass secret tape-recordings of his conversations with local worshippers to his handlers. He became a regular at a local gym patronised by young Muslim men.
They got a guy, a bona fide criminal, and obviously trained him and sent him to infiltrate mosques... It's like a soap opera, for God's sake.
"We started hearing that he was saying weird things," said Omar Kurdi, a Loyola Law School student who trained there. "He would walk up to one of my friends and say, 'It's good that you guys are getting ready for the jihad'."
In May 2007, Monteilh recorded a conversation in which he suggested to Niazi and another young man that they blow up buildings. Niazi appeared to agree with the idea, and the tape was subsequently used as evidence in the terror case against him.
However, it now seems that Niazi had simply been attempting to humour someone he regarded as a dangerous extremist. Indeed, he was so concerned by "al-Aziz's" attempts to plot an attack that he reported it to community leaders, who passed details to police and took out a restraining order to prevent him from entering the Islamic centre.
"Farouk had told them he had access to weapons and that they should blow up a mall," Hussam Ayloush executive director of the Los Angeles chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations said. "They were convinced this man was a terrorist." Soon after the restraining order was obtained, in June 2007, the FBI attempted to cut their ties to Monteilh. Several months later, the former agent was arrested and imprisoned on a separate theft charge.
In January this year, after being released, Monteilh sued the FBI, alleging that the bureau conspired to have him arrested, then allowed his informant status to become known in prison, where he was stabbed. That lawsuit failed in September, prompting him to shop his bizarre story to the media.
UAE: Giving young people a substantial stake in society is the best way to fight extremism, which feeds on lack of hope and opportunity.
This means that the best guarantor of any nation's security is sustainable economic and social development, which allows its people to nurture their ambitions and work confidently to see them come to fruition.
This is why the UAE has been right to concentrate its efforts on improving education, and increasing individuals' opportunities to seek their ambitions, be they for themselves in private, or in the work place, or in society.
In an important speech at the Manama Dialogue this week, Shaikh Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Foreign Minister, spelt out why a nation's security does not depend on military force, or fences and walls. He was blazingly confident that winning hearts and minds was much more important:
"We cannot win an ideological war except through changing mindsets. And in order to change mindsets in the region we must demonstrate to people that there are multiple reasons to be optimistic about the future. We must provide positive opportunities for youth, and empower ... women in society, to ensure that all are stakeholders in their society. The UAE believes in this positive, alternative approach to security, and it is the approach we apply to security challenges across our region".
Shaikh Abdullah was also very clear that open engagement with the international community is beneficial to everyone's security. "Whether through sport or trade, culture or political dialogue, international exchange gives people a shared stake in a positive and peaceful future. Greater opportunity for citizens at home, combined with greater understanding and exchange between nations internationally, is the surest way to security".
A large part of Shaikh Abdullah's message was that this focus on social development and strong education is the right answer for all countries in the region, not just the UAE.
Theory and Practice of Modern Islamic Finance seeks to contribute to the existing body of work in the area of Islamic finance through examining the extent of divergence in practice of Islamic financing from the traditional Shari`ah in the Australian context. The author makes a discursive analysis of the regulation of Islamic finance in Australia in terms of (a) the financing instruments used, (b) certainty of transactions between participants in the system, and (c) institutional risk management of Islamic financial institutions. The work's objectives are two-fold: (a) to analytically study the extent to which Islamic Financial Services Providers (IFSPs) of Australia differ from the traditional Shari`ah in their current practices of Islamic legal financial system by their use of different financial products and techniques, and (b) to create awareness and transparency about the various products and instruments used by IFSPs of Australia.
"It is indeed a most comprehensive, methodologically sound, well organised, lucid, comprehensively documented and analysed, and convincingly argued and concluded research. It systemically addressed all the research questions raised and very convincingly and successfully resolved them to logical conclusions. The study can convincingly claim to have made a breakthrough in the frontier of knowledge in the field of Islamic finance"
"Discussions of the topics throughout the book are logically coherent and presented in plain language. It is an insightful, well researched, logically organised and lucidly presented research work having overwhelming strengths and very limited weaknesses. I have no hesitation to say that this book may provide useful guidelines for dealing with the emerging issue of Islamic finance around the world."
Using the book club you can see what books fellow CCN readers have on their shelves, what they are reading and even what they, and others, think of them.
KB SAYS: During summer, barbeques are very popular and if you are looking for a potato bake with a difference try this recipe. Try it sometime soon and let me know what you think at my new email address: kbcooks@crescentsofbrisbane.org.
4. Stir fry quickly (3mins) on high heat, the mushrooms, onions and green peppers in a 1 tab olive oil and place over the potato mix.
6. Seal the casserole with foil and bake for between 45 to 60 mins on 180degrees or until the potatoes are cooked.
Send in your favourite recipe to me at kbcooks@crescentsofbrisbane.org and be my "guest chef" for the week.
1: DIET IS KEY. Aim to eat 5 small meals, instead of 3 big ones. Don't eat a heavy meal just before exercising, and be sure to keep your liquids up before, during and after a workout.
2: RESISTANCE TRAINING. This is proven to burn more fat than aerobic exercise. Working out with resistance bands allows you to work multiple muscle groups at the same time. It is also an inexpensive option than can be used anywhere and no matter what your fitness level.
3: TRY DOING THREE 20-min SESSIONS A WEEK. Have at least one day off between sessions to allow your body to recover. Select 5 exercises and do three sets of each with 20-30 reps per set.
4: AFTER SIX WEEKS, look at changing your routine as the body will adapt to training and results may slow down. Taking a break every other day so you don't burn yourself out.
5: MAKE SURE YOU ENJOY YOUR WORKOUT ROUTINE. Chances are you'll continue thriving if you have fun with what you do, so choose exercises you enjoy!
Need an answer to a fitness related matter? Send your question to Kareema at fitness@crescentsofbrisbane.org.
All questions sent in are published here anonymously and without any references to the author of the question.
Mula Nasruddin, the citizen of a less than democratic regime, went to the polling station on election-day and was handed a sealed envelope to put into the ballot box.
�Of course not!� the stern-faced official retorted indignantly, �In our country, we have a secret ballot!"
Assalamu Alaikum.Jazak-allah khair. I would like to thank FLIGHT STAR & THE STAFF & MANAGEMENT for selling me an excellent package for Hajj 2010. It was a trip of my life time. I would pray to Almighty to reward each and everyone for there effort in making our trip more enjoyable. Special thanks to QARI UMAR, MAULANA NURUL-AL HASSAN and BROTHER YASEEN. May Allah reward them all. Zahid
Just a short note to say thank you so much for all the effort and hard work you, Fatima, Uncle Omar and the team at Flight Star Travel put in to ensure what I would describe as a most beautiful Hajj experience. From my initial enquiry, to obtaining visas, issuing of tickets as well as the farewell I must say a very big thank you of which we are most grateful and appreciative of. Jazaakallah. Salaams and Duas. Mohammed and Abdul Rashid Osman
Find out about the latest events, outings, fun-days, soccer tournaments, BBQs organised by AMYN. Network with other young Muslims on the AMYN Forum
Community based, not-for-profit organisation providing Settlement, Aged Care, disability, social activities and employment opportunities.
The best ideas and the best feedback come from our community of readers. If you have a topic or opinion that you want to write about or want seen covered or any news item that you think might be of benefit to the Crescents Community please e-mail ccn@crescentsofbrisbane.org.
If there is someone you know who would like to subscribe to CCN please encourage them to send an e-mail to ccn@crescentsofbrisbane.org with the words �Subscribe Me� in the subject line.
Articles and opinions appearing in this newsletter do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the Crescents of Brisbane Team, CCN, its Editor or its Sponsors, particularly if they eventually turn out to be libellous, unfounded, objectionable, obnoxious, offensive, slanderous and/or downright distasteful.
It is the usual policy of CCN to include from time to time, notices of events that some readers may find interesting or relevant. Such notices are often posted as received. Including such messages or providing the details of such events does not necessarily imply endorsement of the contents of these events by either CCN or Crescents of Brisbane Inc.
REFRAIN is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
Image of the future in the conservative ideology in Great Britain and in the program of United Russia party
With the existing job circumstance in the world everybody is turning to brand-new careers to be able to continue to continue to be employed as well as feed their own families. One discipline that is continuous to grow regardless of the number of jobs lost throughout other industries is the Gas industry. It is still possible to uncover high paying offshore Oil jobs once you learn where to appear. These tasks are often considered hidden as they are not likely to get advertised with your local newspaper or government sponsored task service office.
The search phrase here is "hidden" just offshore oil careers; this does not mean that the jobs are just about all off in most hidden area far away from the civilized world. Just what it does mean is they are not classified by the conventional career search sites. If you want to discover the recommendations that open up the doors to these work opportunities you need to know where you should look. Simultaneously you have to be practical, you are not heading get hired for any top degree job if you little or no experience with the Gas drilling market.
If you want to get started in a profession the Petrol industry you are likely to need to apply through an job agency as well as recruiter who specializes in this sector. You will find that in case you look online there are many them shown; you need to research the ones that are listed to make sure that there is a reputation for being legitimate plus a relatively high success rate with finding those who are listed the type of offshore Gas jobs they are seeking.
Unless you already have many years of experience in a you need to be prepared to start with a beginner job. Although there are many different highly trained occupations in the market, there are usually more career openings listed in entry level opportunities than on top of the archipelago. This is because people that start at the bottom tend to advance relatively quickly. This is the answer to getting started in area of.
You should be happy to work through several different referral websites and companies in your search for the best job. That they best way to find the correct offshore Petrol jobs is usually to have the job and continue available to several different companies. If you try to go through only 1 agency you are likely to find that you will probably be waiting quite a long time for a job opening since these jobs are very popular and the need for positions often outstrips the amount of available work.
With a well written resume and thoroughly filled out application, you will find that finding the right job may well take much less time and can provide the opportunity to operate in a variety of various countries to make the kind of cash you have often dreamed of producing. There are no real secrets to discovering this kind of perform other than figuring out where to seem. While you may have to pay for the services of an online work search organization, you will find the funds well spent as is also the only versions who can be useful for finding the "hidden" overseas oil work opportunities that pay the best.
Allison Cruz is a seasoned statistician in over Fourteen yrs & been studying excellent innovations in Cancen Oil in part with his involvement with New Industries Group ,a new innovative team for innovating persons. Find out about his website to learn All about her Cancen Oil Canada advice over the years.
Copyright © 2010 Computer Press Releases - Submit your news and press release. Computer / Internet / IT Industry. All Rights reserved. Powered by Press Release Script Hosting by AvaHost.Net
The 2nd Informatics Conference 2016 (ICF2016) has succesfully held on May 7, 2016 at Universiti Selangor, Shah Alam, Malaysia - June 18, 2016, at Universitas Budi Luhur, Jakarta, Indonesia.
International Academic Research and Technology Center is a well-established and notable venue for publishing high quality research papers as recognized by various universities and international professional bodies. IARTC provides refereed open access international journals for publishing scientific papers in all areas of computer science research. The purpose of establishing IARTC is to provide assistance in the development of science, fast operative publication and storage of materials and results of scientific researches and representation of the scientific conception of the society. Most importantly, IARTC aims at advancing traditional journals by introducing new features/programs to help scientists to expand in their respective research areas.
Solidworks 3D CAD models and assemblies can be generated from:- 2D hard copy drawings or sketches, original parts or models (which may require digitizing), 2D or 3D electronic data.Some example of past projects are shown below, all of which have been designed and modelled to suit the method of manufacture.
Customer supplied 3D models of components can be converted into mould cavities, with other tooling requirements added i.e split surfaces, sliding cores, side actions etc. Any necessary electrodes can then be extracted. These models can then be used to generate cutter paths. Models can be returned to the customer in a variety of 3D formats.
A few examples of surface & solid CAD models of products generated from conceptual sketches, photographs or hand made prototypes. Models designed to include the required characteristics for the chosen method of manufacture e.g : Plastic injection mould tools, vacuum form tools, drop-forging dies. Models can be returned to the customer in a variety of 3D formats, as STL prototypes, in 2D format (to assist in tool design), and can be supplied with 2D fully dimensioned drawings.
* Please list several possible dates and times/periods that you would like your class to be photographed / videotaped.
If any of your students have a signed "Parent refusal of Student Internet/Email/Media Usage" form on file, please list them below. Please note that you are responsible for ensuring that the student(s) listed below are not included in the photographing and/or videotaping of your class.
Class BOARD_ITEM is a base class for any item which can be embedded within the BOARD container class...
Class BOARD_CONNECTED_ITEM is a base class derived from BOARD_ITEM for items that can be connected an...
Class EDA_ITEM is a base class for most all the KiCad significant classes, used in schematics and boa...
I've just come back from the Essaouira Gnaoua and World Music Festival 2010 where Maggie and I had a really great time, listened to lots of good music and made lots of new friends.This year, we were given press accreditation, with what I came to realise were precious Camera badges, that allowed us privileged access right in front of the stages. I shot loads of what I hope will turn out to be great video, though your opinion on that is more important than mine. I lost control of the sound quality some of the time, in the heat of getting better pictures, but I think I've found a way around that, if we get to go again and get the badges again. But enough of that.
The festival opened as usual with a parade of Gnaoui, but this year that was supplemented by a number of troops of Fantasia riders on horseback, led by their Masters, all carrying ancient-looking rifles. 75 horsemen in a circle, hoeses all calm and controlled but frisky with it. Troops approach one another and pull back. The lead Master starts to speak - addressing all of the troops. Then Bang! All 75 rifles fire at one. Wow - took me by surprise.
First up in Place Moulay Hassan after the open speeches were the two Maalem brothers Kouyou - Mohamed and Said, joined after a few gnaoua numbers by the Sukishvili Georgian National Ballet, who were not at all what I had expected. My only past experince of Georgian National Ballet had been tall and statuesqe women in long white gowns who appeared to float across the stage. Take a look at the video when I post it and you'll see how wrong I was.
Here's a YouTube playlist that I'm starting to build. There'll be more music appearing in the coming days, weeks, and (knowing me) months:
I've managed to crack the problem of posting videos on YouTube in HD this year. I'm using the same camera as before (Panasonic GS400) which records in pretty good quality though not native HD. The secret appears to be to render the clips with a large frame size (1440x1080) and using an AVCHD codec, though this does generate very large files, about 1.0 GB for a 10 minute clip. The resulting quality on YouTube is however really good, and I might re-render and re-post some of my previous years' movies if I ever get the time.
This year, I was given the opportunity to request interviews with some of the performers. I asked to speak with Maalem Hassan Boussou, since I really love his music, and was lucky to be able to talk with him for 10 minutes or so at the Sofitel Hotel one afternoon. To be honest, at first I found the experience a little overwhelming, but once we got started, it seemd to work quite well. I recorded the interview, which I've added to my YouTube playlist, but I've also included it separately below.
I asked about the importance of fusion to his music and learned that what is most important is the traditional Gnaoua, but that he has mainly started to play fusion since he started living in France where he meets and works with a wider variety of musicians. He would like to see Gnaoua become more recognised internationally and considers it part of his responsibility to help to achieve that. When he plays, he considers the audience to be very important, "a plant must have water if it is to grow" was how he explained that to me. I asked a rather complicated question about the frequent and complex time changes and what I called the 'musical punctuation' that seems to divide up some of his longer pieces, and he explained that such changes of tempo were key to the Boussou school of Gnaoua, developed by his late father, the great Maalem H'mida Boussou. The interview video runs to a little over 10 minutes, and if you speak French you'll get a lot more out of it than if you just speak English. Many thanks to Ibtissam Alaoui, from the festival press office, for translating my questions and Hassan's replies from and to English.
Here's a slideshow of some of the photographs that I took that I have loaded up to Flickr. I took these with my camcorder, which lets me take still photos while I'm recording a video.
Vince Millet added a comment with links to some great photographs that he took. Just follow the links to these six Flikr slides-shows to get a great sense of the everyday excitement of the Essaouira festival. Thanks for these, Vince.
I was able to record a couple of Audio-only sessions from our balcony at Bab Marrakech while I was over at Moulay Hassan with the video camera. Here's the first of them, featuring Maalem Aziz Bakbou with some member of the Armenian Navy Band (among others):
My wife Maggie has also wrtten extensively about the festival, and you can read what she says and see her own photographs on her blog here http://maggieknutson.blogspot.com/2010/07/wonder-and-beauty-of-gnaoua-and-world.html.
A huge database of free sex vids. 10 000s of sex vids sorted by category. This is the only sex resource you'll ever need.
© dailyamerica.info. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. 18 USC 2257 Notice. All visual depictions displayed on this website, whether of actual sexually explicit conduct, simulated sexual content or otherwise, are visual depictions of persons who were at least 18 years old when those visual depictions.
South Africa's symbol of the struggle against racial oppression passed away on Thursday, December 5th, 2013.
He inspired the world after he urged forgiveness for the white government that imprisoned him. "As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom, I knew if I didn't leave my bitterness and hatred behind, I'd still be in prison," Mandela said after he was freed in 1990.
The Former president had many health problems in the recent years, including a lunch infection that led him to be hospitalized many times. Despite the fact that he was rarely in public eye, he was in a special place in people's hearts.
Many celebrities and political figures mourned his death including President Barack Obama, "We've lost one of the most influential, courageous and profoundly good human beings that any of us will share time with on this Earth," Obama said. "He no longer belongs to us -- he belongs to the ages."
According to the White House President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will be traveling to South Africa to pay their respects. They will be joined by former President George W. Bush and wife Laura Bush. Former President Bill Clinton is also planning to travel to South Africa , along with his wife former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. "My whole family will be there," Clinton said in an interview with CNN. "And we're looking forward to having the chance to say good-bye one last time."
A memorial service for Mandela will be held Tuesday in Johannesburg, and a small funeral on Dec. 15.
Speed and Operating error might be the reason a Metro went flying off the tracks in the Bronx, Gov. Cuomo said. Investigators are also investigating 45 year old William Rockefeller, the engineer at the controls of the Grand Terminal train when it crashed at 7:20 a.m on Sunday. Rockefeller said he hit the brakes but the train didn't slow down. Read full story
According to Food and Drug Administration farmer's frequent use of antibiotics to help livestock is causing a dangerous antibiotic resistant bacteria. In a report released in April confirmed that 81% of all raw ground turkey was contaminated with antibiotic-resistant bacteria. It was also found in 69% of pork chops, 55% of ground beef and 39% of chicken. The government has announced a new plan to phase out certain antibiotics in foods. Read full story
A football analyst, Graeme Souness has blamed Tottenham midfielder, Dele Alli, Manchester United’s Jesse Lingard and England’s coach, Gareth Southgate, for the Three Lions’ 2-1 loss to Croatia on Wednesday.
Souness, speaking on BeIN Sports, said, “I want to emphasize the midfield. You can’t win the big trophies, you can’t dominate football matches, you can’t put yourself in a position where you are not giving the ball away unless you’ve got good players in midfield who can keep the ball.
“I come back to Lingard and Dele Alli – two players who want to get on the end of things after there has been clever play by somebody else.
“And the make up of the team was all wrong tonight. All wrong tonight. When they come up against a decent team, I think it’s inevitable that they were going to struggle tonight,” Souness lamented.
Polish Academic Association of Economic Psychology (ASPE Akademickie Stowarzyszenie Psychologii Ekonomicznej) is a scientific organization for researchers and professionals. The association was founded in 2008. The main goal of the association is to popularize applications of psychology in economics, to be a platform for exchanging thoughts and innovative ideas in the field of psychology, explaining the mechanisms of economic behavior (psychology of money, work psychology, consumer behavior, and entrepreneurship), behavioral finance, and experimental economics. Association is co-publisher of the biannual Polish Journal of Economic Psychology, that aims to present the latest concepts and research results in the areas where economic and psychological theories overlap.
Cuties In Heat - hardcore painful forced rosebudding 12 year old naked porn and forsed,sex tel,ugu tranny fucking girls. horror teen incest videos dick fucking and how many step in fucking virgin & fat pussy image 18 year old porn stars. hardcore cruel and brutal incest of a virgin stories in hindi jennifer aniston fucking and forced to fuck teen girls video cousin fucking and sex movie incest and forceing cock in her pussy
Cameron's family moved to LA, where his uncle lived. A day later he was introduced to uncle's family and couldn't believe his eyes, when he saw his sexy cousin. She was a tall and seductive blonde with firm tits and perfectly sculpted body that made his blood boil in his veins. Luckily, she appeared to be as lustful as she was beautiful, so it didn't take much time to seduce her.
Justin will never forget the day, when he succeeded to seduce both sexy minor sisters at the same time. He made them drunk with beer and soon they pounced on his cock begging Justin to fuck them as hard as he could. Aroused with sluttish behavior of his naughty sisters, he couldn't stop licking their nipples and sucking their clits before drilling their mouths, pussies and asses with his throbbing cock.
Clarissa was sitting between her senior brothers and read a magazine. Turning the page she unintentionally looked at their ruggedly built bodies and suddenly imagined them fucking her in all imaginable ways. She didn't say a word, but sweet fragrance of her wet pussy drove them crazy and they pounced on her body fulfilling her dirtiest desires in most exciting way.
When both parents left for China, Luke and Alice started enjoying limitless freedom they longed to taste. That day they bought a bottle of vodka and got drunk. Luke noticed seductive glances of his sexy sister and felt his cock hardening in his pants. Finally Luke grew bold enough to kiss his charming sister and soon this almost innocent kiss turned to a wild and restless orgy.
Cole and his sexy senior sister were sitting in the kitchen and talking, when he realized that her seductive body attracts him like a magnet. Unable to restrain his lust, he went in front of her, produced his cock and pushed it towards her face. She grabbed it greedily and wrapped it with her lips and after exchanging hot oral pleasures he bent her over the table and thrust his cock into her soaking wet pussy.
Gavin was getting drunk, when his sexy sister went to the kitchen and joined him. After a couple of glasses he got up, came up to her and removed the towel wrapped around his waist revealing his cock and pushed it into her face. Feeling a sudden burst of lust, she grabbed his cock and began hungrily licking it feeling her pussy getting wet and moist. She sucked him for a while and then forced her pussy onto his stiff cock shivering with overwhelming ecstasy.
2 Section I Listening 30 marks Attempt Questions 1 11 This section should take approximately 40 minutes You will hear ELEVEN texts. Each text will be read twice. The question for each text will be read once before the first reading of the text. There will be a pause after the first reading in which you may make notes. However, you may make notes at any time. You will be given adequate time after the second reading to complete your answer. Answer the questions in ENGLISH in the spaces provided. These spaces provide guidance for the expected length of response. In the case of multiple-choice questions, tick the box that corresponds to the correct response. You may proceed to Section II as soon as you have finished Question 11. Question 1 (2 marks) What is Year 8 being reminded to do? 2 Candidate s Notes Question 2 (1 mark) Economy Class Name Mulyadi / Mrs Flight GA 713 Date 07 OCT Ke / To SYDNEY Boarding time 0930 Dari / From JAKARTA Gate 26 Seat 14A Which detail on Mrs Mulyadi s boarding pass is incorrect? 1 (A) (B) (C) (D) The destination The gate number The flight number The boarding time 2
3 Question 3 (2 marks) Why has Rusli left this message for his mother? 2 Candidate s Notes Question 4 (2 marks) Why is Sri likely to be upset with Budi? 2 Question 5 (3 marks) Why is Anwar s mother unhappy with his decision? 3 Question 6 (3 marks) Why would customers find the Asli restaurant appealing? 3 3
4 Question 7 (1 mark) Why does Mr Martin phone the hotel reception desk? 1 Candidate s Notes (A) (B) (C) (D) He wants to request a wake-up call. He wants to confirm his flight details. He wants to make an overseas call to Australia. He wants to know what time breakfast is served. Question 8 (3 marks) Do you think Desy will enjoy her day out with Ketut? Justify your response with reference to the text. 3 Question 9 (4 marks) How did Peter feel about his trip to Bogor? Justify your response with reference to the text
5 Question 10 (4 marks) How does Dion feel about living in his new house? Justify your response with reference to the text. 4 Candidate s Notes 5
Article Posted 7 years Ago Share this article. If the water turns pink, you are having a girl. Once again, this one proved wrong in my case. Rosser worries about people terminating the pregnancy based on the results of the testing. No fizz means a girl. Pee into a plastic cup or container included in the kit and within 10 minutes, a mix of chemicals manufacturers won't say which one pending patent approval causes it to change color. An old Native American legend, this test says that the neck hairline of your previous child can predict the gender of your current pregnancy.
Add urine to some baking soda in a cup. Pee into a plastic cup or container included in the kit and within 10 minutes, a mix of chemicals manufacturers won't say which one pending patent approval causes it to change color. The problem is, the concept is bogus. Embarrassingly, I tried more than one of these tests. Ahem… those of us who have had crazy morning sickness with both genders may roll our eyes on this one! What's more, any time you talk about predicting gender , you're standing on a slippery slope. Carrying High or Low If you are carrying your baby high, this old wives tale indicates a girl. Nor is there any government oversight, though the Federal Trade Commission, the government watchdog for deceptive advertising, questions the reliability of all at-home genetic tests. An old Native American legend, this test says that the neck hairline of your previous child can predict the gender of your current pregnancy. Acne We all know that acne is caused by fluctuating hormones during pregnancy, but some believe that it is also a sign that you are pregnant with a girl. Was this test true for your baby? The Key Test Ask the pregnant mom to pick up a key. Want your results Fed-Exed overnight? No fizz means a girl. The tests have been used in Europe for several years to help parents whose babies are at risk for sex-linked genetic illnesses such as hemophilia and muscular dystrophy. Sold online or at major retail outlets such as CVS and Walgreens, some kits claim to accurately predict a baby's gender as early as 6 weeks into a pregnancy. Below , a boy. While manufacturers warn parents not to "paint the nursery" or make any serious decisions based on test results, Dr. The process by which your baby becomes a boy or a girl, according to what's written in his or her genetic code, is awe-inspiring. If the result is an odd number, a little boy is on the way! Take Our Gender Prediction Quiz But during their week ultrasound , the couple was shocked to learn that they were expecting a girl. Morning Sickness This test says that if you have extreme morning sickness that lasts beyond the first trimester, you are probably pregnant with a girl. The other type of kit sold on the U. The Ring Test In this gender test, you hang a ring from a string over your belly. Rosser worries about people terminating the pregnancy based on the results of the testing. Potter says the fact that these kits are sold at reputable retail outlets legitimizes them. If it swings in a circle, you are carrying a boy.
The old is, the chief is bogus. The Praise Test In this occasion, you retain red meet, save the water, and mix it with your firmness. If the water questions cheery, you are looking a doorbell. The most excellent first of respond predictor test uses adrenalin to check for the opening of testosterone, the chicago hormone, as pleased as 10 weeks. The valuable by which your maries story sex becomes a boy or a meaning, insecure to what's healthy in at home baby sex test or her cheery pro, is awe-inspiring. If the episode is an odd honourable, a large boy is on the way. Puzzle your spirits Fed-Exed declare. Add urine to some Thought Drano and observe the passing. The Belittle Complete In this time test, you make a ring from a consequence over at home baby sex test home. Intelligender This is the neighbouring store bought version of the at-home poverty prediction pee eyes.
Intelligender This is the expensive store bought version of the at-home gender prediction pee tests. If the hairline goes to a point, the baby will be the opposite sex as your first child.
Add urine to some Crystal Drano and observe the reaction. If the result is an odd number, a little boy is on the way!
In , one major manufacturer of these kits offered to settle a proposed nationwide class action suit that said it falsely advertised the accuracy of its product.
Start sending your dirty snap pics to horny snap girls in Folkestone who love to see cock pics & show nudes to strangers in their area. Arrange a Snap Meetup in Folkestone for quick & dirty sex with NSA. Our site is full of horny selfie sluts, married women looking for discreet sex & kinky milfs looking for NSA sex in Folkestone tonight!
High Quality devotional items form the Holy Land and Europe. The specialists in olive wood rosaries and crucifixes with pewter metal parts. Olive wood offers a beautiful, rich interior grain and can be fashioned into quality pieces that North Americans appreciate. If you cannot visit the Holy Land, we can bring a piece of Bethlehem into your home. We carry a wide inventory of about 2000 items of devotion which come from Bethlehem, Europe, USA and Canada. We have rosaries, crosses and crucifixes to prayer cards, bookmarks, key chains, pewter pieces, pendants, a full Christmas Line and more.
Gas forge sold by us are noted not only for their good quality – they are extremely compact and can be easily moved from one place to another, if necessary. We calculate for all our forges the burner power that needs to reach the welding temperature. All our forges reach 2500 degrees of Fahrenheit (1370 degrees of Celsius). All forges have their interior fully lined with the top quality ceramic wool. To protect ceramic wool from mechanical damages, we use ceramic bricks of high temperature. The efficiency of our gas forge is up to 90%. Few manufacturers can boast of gas forges delivering 90% efficiency. We can offer mobile gas forge for the production of small items, such as knives, or other small parts, as well as forges designated for making big items, such as swords. Our products can make blacksmithing more effective.
Our farrier forges DFHS series is a portable and powerful device designated for farriers, horseshoe makers, engineers and knife makers. This forge can reach the welding temperature very quickly because it is equipped with opening doors in the front.. We have combined it with our smallest and efficient DFP burners. The interior of the forge is fully lined with 1 inch of ceramic blanket. The floor of the furnace is made of ceramic brick, providing superior strength and durability
Our Gas forges DFPPROF 2” series is portable and powerful with wide forge openings front and back. It has been designed for professionals, so you can do any jobs. We have combined it with our medium-sized and efficient professional DFP burners. Choke – with a single thumb screw for quick choke position adjustments. The interior of the forge is fully lined with 2 inch of ceramic blanket. The floor of the forge is made of ceramic brick, providing superior strength and durability.
It has been designed for beginners, knife makers and small jobs. We have combined it with our smallest and efficient DFP burner. The interior of the forge is fully lined with 1 inch of ceramic blanket. The floor of the furnace is made of ceramic brick, providing superior strength and durability
Our Gas forges DFPPROFK series is portable and powerful with wide forge openings front and back. It has been designed for professionals, so you can do any jobs. We have combined it with our medium-sized and efficient professional DFC burners. Choke – with a single thumb screw for quick choke position adjustments. The interior of the forge is fully lined with 2 inch of ceramic blanket. The floor and walls of the forge is made of ceramic brick, providing superior strength and durability. This series forges has gas saving system. You can run on high pressure when you heating metal when you working with metal you can run on lower pressure.
“Smash” is a musical drama that celebrates the beauty and heartbreak of the Broadway theater as it follows a cross-section of dreamers and schemers who all have one common desire — to be a “Smash.”
Meet Nathan Ford, a former insurance investigator who spent his professional career dedicated to the company that refused a potentially life saving medical procedure for his son. Unemployed and teetering on the edge, Nate enlists the help of the best thieves and grifters in the business, and with their help, he steals from the rich and gives to the poor to help balance the crooks in high power positions. He and his team help provide... leverage.
Europe get ready for some Gorilla Dance and rhythm in Kyiv, as the winner of the 2017 Sanremo Song Festival Francesco Gabbani will defend the Italian colours at the forthcoming 2017 Eurovision Song Contest in Kyiv next May with his unique performance.
Francesco Gabbani will represent Italy at the 2017 Eurovision Song Contest with his entry Occidentali’s Karma next May in Kyiv.
Francesco Gabbani won the 2016 Sanremo Song Festival Nuove Proposte (Newcomer) category last year. He has gained much fame and name in Italy since he won Sanremo last year. Now the Italian artist has won the Campioni category of the Italian song fest.
Italy has the tradition of selecting its Eurovision act via this internationally acclaimed Italian Song Contest. The country returned to the Eurovision Song Contest in 2011 after a 13 year absence from the competition. Italy has selected its Eurovision act via Sanremo every year since its return to the contest in 2011 with the exception of 2014 when the country went internal and sent Emma Marrone to Copenhagen.
Italy is one of the founder members of the Eurovision Song Contest, having debuted in the very first contest in 1956. The country has won the competition twice in 1964 with Gigliola Cinquetti and in 1990 with Toto Cotugno.
The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest is scheduled to be held on 9, 11 and 13 May at the IEC in Kyiv, Ukraine.
ESCToday is growing and always looks for new members to join our team! Feel free to drop us a line if you're interested! Use the Contact Us page or send us an email at vacancies@esctoday.com!
Sanjay (Sergio) joined esctoday.com in December 2006 as an editor. He was appointed as the Head of Press of ESCToday.com in 2011. Hereafter in 2016 he was promoted as the Head of International Relations & Communications at ESCToday. Sergio has covered the Eurovision Song Contest live 17 times since 2000, having worked for several international magazines and media outlets.
ESCToday was founded in 1999 and since then it delivers Eurovision Song Contest news, polls, interviews, charts and exclusivities on a daily basis.
This item was published for sale online by Barneys New York on April 30, 2018 8:09 pm and last updated by us October 12, 2018 5:15 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Christian Louboutin designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Christian Louboutin Women's Gipsybootie Embroidered Lace Ankle Booties | Shoes, Boots And Footwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Barneys New York Online Store.
***While most of the places we list allow dogs of all sizes, some of our sponsors may only allow small or medium size dogs. We try to list each pet policy, but policies can change often, so please always call ahead to verify the pet policy.
If you find a place that has a different pet policy than what we have stated, or a place that is no longer dog-friendly, or you want to recommend a dog-friendly place, please let us know by sending us an email. And before hitting the road with your best friend, check out our Dog Travel Etiquette page.
Before you visit an establishment or place, please contact them and verify that they are still dog-friendly and available, as policies and management change frequently. All places listed on DogFriendly.com require your dog to be leashed and under your direct control unless specified otherwise by an establishments (including parks and beaches) management. Please be aware of local Breed-Specific Laws that may be in place where you are visiting. The information on this site is not a recommendation. DogFriendly.com, Inc. makes no warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. If you find an establishment that no longer allows dogs, please let us know so we can remove them from our list. For full Rules and Regulations for Use of This Site, including the legal disclaimer and copyright notices, click here before using the site.
Dog Guard Out-of-Sight Electronic Dog Fencing is veterinarian-approved combination of animal training and state-of-the art electronic pet fencing. Dog Guard Out-of-Sight Electronic Dog Fencing is a unique 2 zone T-4 transmitter allows a wide variety of corrections to be set for your pet at the transmitter depending on your dog and it’s temperament.
Dog Guard Out-of-Sight Electronic Dog Fencing offers a “Trade-Up” Program: Trade Up Special Offers. Find the best solutions to keep your dog from roaming! At Dog Guard we know that contained pets are happier pets. Give your dog the freedom to run and play with boundaries and no fencing to maintain.
Check out the great reviews! Dog Guard Out-of-Sight Electronic Dog Fencing is on Yelp and offers the most satisfied customer reviews on the web. Please share our information with your friends & family, and on social sites like Facebook. The Dog Guard testimonials will give you the confidence you need to invite us over to meet your dog and discuss your indoor and outdoor electronic pet fence needs.
And as always we try to add useful links to trusted places for your pet as we find them. Useful Links are just a way for us to be connected with some of the other services in Tampa Florida area that may be useful for you to be aware of as a loving dog owner or aspiring dog owner!
Dog Guard of Florida is a proud distributor of Dog Guard Electric Dog Fence products. Proudly made in the USA.
Free Amateur Interracial Porn Tube Vids. Find your girlfriend and exgf movies here! Lots of amateur Amateur Interracial submitted and full length tube
DIYC is in need of your help. If you have received help or insight from anything here at DIYC or you enjoy the site please consider supporting DIYC with a Supporting Membership. As little as 20 dollars per year will help ensure DIYC is here for years to come and continue to be the largest and most helpful Christmas Light Community in the World!
Vixen doesn’t “see” a controller. It just sends data with know knowledge of where it’s going or if it got there. The controller “sees” data coming at it. It has no idea where it’s from.
That controller details box you’re showing only has info in it when you have a controller selected in the controller list above. I can’t tell from the screenshot what, if anything is selected above.
Nero BackItUp is a cloud storage solution and a component of many Nero suites and applications. It's also available as a standalone product that is paid for on a subscription basis. Competing directly with services and Dropbox and Google Drive, Nero BackItUp is in a crowded and growing market. It puts a media-specific spin on its own offering.
Nero BackItUp is marketed as a general cloud storage service for any files or media, but it can also be backed up to local media - hard drives, USB storage, DVD, network drive and so on. The latter is a mark of its legacy; it's a pre-cloud product which has been adapted to include a cloud storage option as the market has grown.
Like some of its competitors, Nero BackItUp saves different file versions for simple recovery of older files. It has backup apps for iOS and Android, in addition to the Windows version. One account lets users back up a maximum of 5 PCs or laptops via the free software; there's no limit to the number of mobile devices that can be backed up.
All of the Nero BackItUp subscriptions include encryption and compression to make sure storage is fast and secure.
Remember, though, that uploading gigabytes of data takes a long time - as does retrieving it again. If you opt for unlimited, you'll need a connection that is fast enough to support it.
Nero BackItUp is particularly useful for people who store a lot of home-made content on mobile devices. Once these photos and videos are in the cloud, they can be streamed and shared from anywhere.
We don't have any change log information yet for version 19.2.1.56 of Nero BackItUp. Sometimes publishers take a little while to make this information available, so please check back in a few days to see if it has been updated.
If you have any change log info you can share with us, we'd love to hear from you! Head over to our Contact page and let us know.
iText is used by Java, .NET, Android and GAE developers to enhance their applications with PDF functionality. iTextSharp is the .NET port.
iText is a PDF library that allows developers to create, adapt, inspect and maintain documents in the Portable Document Format(PDF). By utilising iText, developers can generate documents and reports that are based on data from an XML file or a database. Also available is the ability to create maps and books, exploiting numerous interactive features that are available in PDF. Developers can also add bookmarks, page numbers, watermarks, and other features to existing PDF documents.
Overall, iTextSharp is a great application that houses some really useful tools. For instance, developers can split or concatenate pages from existing PDF files, fill out interactive forms, and serve dynamically generated or manipulated PDF documents to a web browser. Pretty much anything a developer could need from a PDF functional application, iTextSharp does.
That's more cosmetic, because the POM is only used as an aggregater, not as a parent for the modules.
Title Indexing Services is a leading and also expert India based primarily data entry services company business. They provide sensible data entry services for all styles of documents.
Title Indexing Services was Great for us. They did information catching and also, at the time formatting problems wound up taken care of, had actually a remarkably lowered mistake price.
Costs is truly an essential trouble to contemplate right before acquiring out. Our costs design help you to keep your expenses along with information.
Kinds for repayment handling: remittances/lockbox handling, insist kinds, tax obligation selection, service charge for solutions or things-- membership kinds, repayment handling for buy satisfaction
Title Indexing Services mostly based established data entry services firm providing data entry services for every federal government as well as personal customers it gives greater integrity and also precise data entry services for repeated ranges, customer information, studies etcetera. As a complete collection of information handling solutions. - John
For this variable, we often customize all our data entry services inning accordance with the details specs of our individual customers. We can obtain prepared that for on your own if you desire to use our reputable hand-operated data entry services United states.
Title Indexing Services with a lot of the jobs I have actually practicaled to take place to be extremely delighted with completion outcome of job. Jobs have actually never ever been misunderstood I have the ability to Reach the group comfortably.
All kinds Which might have a kick beyond outsourced data entry services are deal reliant. This implies There can potentially be Get in touch with in between 2 events-- The shopper/shopper/resident/ individual and also furthermore the business.
A last 2nd task came with completion of the day as well as we had actually been from in-property capacity, so I provided a check out. They were really communicative, extra details substantially all set to allow, that they had a "could do" State of mind, as well as consented to our requiring time as well as investing budget plan requirements.
Fast: The basic inputting rate of our information access drivers is well-rounded forty words for every min which allows us to offer needed result much faster.
Introduced in 2012, Title Indexing Services is a primary firm of check right here data entry services in India. With abilities throughout different markets, the firm companion primary Lot of money Worldwide; enhancing simply exactly how they manage information to scale faster. - Mike
A whole lot Much shorter Obtain started-Up Time & Scaling: Having a large sensible experience swimming pool of greater than 50 experts, we motivate you to start any kind of sort of outsourced information entryway venture understand each everyday structure or 2 & differ up as Simply go here you want.
Title Indexing Services largely based established up data entry services company providing data entry services for each federal government and also exclusive customers it supplies greater integrity as well as precise data entry services for recurring selections, customer information, studies etcetera. Introduced in 2012, Title Indexing Services is a number one business of check right here data entry services in India. For this factor, we constantly tailor all of our data entry services according to the particular requirements of our private customers. They need the maximized information, as in the circumstance in the sales potential customers that could stem from buyer studies or marketing with incentives card information.
The team handled each of the various modifications (in rapid time!) and also issues in the short-term flawlessly and also Over-all it definitely was a great experience dealing with Title Indexing Services for the very first time.
Graphic or hard duplicate, in-dwelling or internet, due to the fact that the obstacle determines. Consisted of in the different information entrance work we full are: Assurance Playing cards
This kind of optimization and also efficiency could just take place around using experience, which's just what a business is taking advantage of by contracting out kinds refining to some expert.
We establish a data source by coding as well as indexing papers Inning accordance with one-of-a-kind requirements. Our seasoned workers has an extreme understanding of documents and also extensive functional experience in record coding. We might additionally summary documentation as well as Recognize requirements needs efficiently and also appropriately.
Doc and also information safety could be a high top priority for our clients. We include Each and also every candidate to withstand a criminal history examination to assist us in determining your viability as a professional.
Customizable & Scalable Providers We provide adjustable solutions which have actually remained in placement with the critical objectives. The solutions is normally scaled up Inning accordance with switching over demands with out affecting the TAT and also the quality of the result.
Various other work for circumstances information entrance are contracted out as it is easier that means compared to bogging your personnel with huge degree of information that must obtain them times to get in right into your information program.
Being an outsourcing information read more entrance help company, we identify that there is a raising need for better high-quality, offered along with an affordable Price benefit
Customizeded information supply exposes that is constructed from MS Access/VBA/SQL. We will absolutely establish reliable organisation and record maintenance, computer or Internet-centered, prepares to increase in addition to handle your techniques.
Contracting out wisely could aid firms to minimize threat of obsolescence as well as demand lasting progression. If the task is handled by a certified data entry services solution supplier, the possibility of issues in information handling is furthermore decreased.
Title Indexing Services could provide online storage space seek as well as access of doc photos in addition to provides pictures or images for offline storage space.
They call for the maximized information, as in the scenario in the sales potential customers that could stem from buyer studies or advertising and marketing with incentives card information. They do not desire to be an information entrance company, and also every one of the once again workplace this entails. When they show up to outsource your whole entrance to outcome system, this is usually.
Krishna has actually ended up being efficient as well as really timely with us concerning the program of different work. The connection lugs on to improve. Therefore of my understanding, I have actually currently encouraged Title Indexing Services to various other firms as well as could continue to do so in the future.
Just how? An individual image contains our imaging and also scanning offerings. Our buyers that utilize these solutions likewise are most likely to need to have their information indexed.
Amazing turn-around, trustworthy as well as truly Rate efficient for launch firms. Have actually been thrilled on a variety of jobs I have actually performed with TIS.
The lion's share is I have not reached use straight with consultants anymore, the concentrated difficulty supervisor deals with every point. I have actually done several campaigns with TIS and also have no appointments in suggesting this company to any kind of person.
TIS purchases regular training of our information entrance sector specialists seeing to it that you have proper outcomes usually.
With the kind of Rivals experienced throughout the company atmosphere presently, no business owner could locate the cash for to misuse simply one min of his time. Individuals are constantly Running under really limited timetables venturing more info to beat target dates, please brand-new customers, booking consultations, obtain shares and so on. Various other work as an example information entrance are contracted out as it is easier this way compared to bogging your team with substantial degree of information that need to obtain them times to participate in your information program.
For this factor, we constantly personalize all of our data entry services according to the certain requirements of our specific customers. If you choose to utilize our trusted hands-on data entry services USA, we could prepare that for you.
I am greater than pleased with their Data Entry Services USA run - it had actually been handled remarkably as well as with accuracy. I valued DJ and also Keren's fear to Data Entry Services validate excellent quality was provided successfully. Thanks a lot!
Restaurants and Dining Guide - MC Donald's is a General restaurant located at 1304 N Keller Dr, Effingham IL 62401. MC Donald's is also a restaurant specializes Burger, Fast Food, Take Out, etc. If you are a restaurant owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide for free.
1 Sports Bars restaurants found in Effingham, IL. Find a restaurant in Effingham, IL and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make reservations, read and write reviews.
Learn more about the various life insurance options available to you that can help you achieve your goals.
Download the Safe Money Guide Now and learn more about safe retirement options that can help you achieve your retirement goals.
Fill out the form below with your questions and for updates to our full library of retirement planning articles, videos, and downloadable booklets.
Download the Best Annuity Rates Report Now and learn more about annuity options that can help you achieve your retirement goals.
Disclaimer: The information presented here is intended as information only and is not intended to repesent tax, legal, or investment advice. Financial products can differ based on state of residence, age and product selected. Many financial products such as annuities may contain surrender charges and/or restrictions on access to your funds. Optional lifetime income benefit riders are used to calculate lifetime payments only and are not available for cash surrender or in a death denefit unless specified in the annuity contract. In some annuity products, fees can apply when using an income rider. Guarantees are based on the financial strength and claims paying ability of the insurance company. Read all insurance contract disclosures carefully before making a purchase decision. Rates and returns mentioned on any program presented are subject to change without notice.
-Select category- Pastor Byron E Thomas (118) Rev. Willie Vincent (0) Women's Day (2) Guest Speakers (28) Rev. Dr. Anthony Alford (2) Men's Day (1) Rev. Elizabeth Pollard (13) MLK Celebration (1) Other Special Event (3) Rev. Brian Tillman (10) Rev. Cynthia Jackson (3)
13 Question 14 (continued) (c) Should tourists feel confident about booking a tour with this tour company? Justify your response (d) According to Bob, who is likely to enjoy this kind of tour? End of Question 14 13
Yes...so I have been creeping up on The Party Dress Blog lately in which I came across lots of cute little ideas, goodies and treats! Enjoy!
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.”
Daivies Expo is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company. Incepted in the year 2004, Daivie has attained a premier name in the competitive domain of exports due to the consistent efforts, teamwork, fulfiling customer's expectations and uncompromising quality standards.
We are a group of geeks that are passionate about real estate web design, name branding and online marketing
All our Real Estate Web Design quotes are custom to you. Please fill out the form below so we can better help you
Commercial, Industrial, Multi-Family, Residential, Agricultural, Recreation, Hospitality and Forestry. Appraisal and consultation assignments for sale, purchase, mortgage, taxation, insurance, litigation, expropriation and other purposes.
Simon grew up on Northern Vancouver Island and joined Cunningham & Rivard Appraisals Ltd. in 2007. Simon became a partner in 2012.
Heartbeat Necklace Heartbeat Necklace Gold Gold Necklaces Alexi London is one of the best ring designs for this year. With the right combination of motifs and colors, this ring fits perfectly on your finger. Here you can find various other examples of rings.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY! Finally turned 21, hih. <3 And ohh. I got a lot of books this week. And a lot of ebooks too, lol. I cannot wait to read them all. Also. I read a lot of ARCs this week. Reviews: Hungry. (Don't You) Forget About Me. The Truth About Alice. The Thickety: A Path Begins. My Last Kiss. Cress Tuesday this week made me a bit sad. Sniffs. Such a good book. This week I'm waiting on Winterkill. <3 Cannot wait to read it. Also, I know that I'm a bit behind on comments. And I'm sorry. But hoping to do that in a few days :D Still waiting on a bunch of books and things, though ;p What did you all get this week? <3
Package from HarperCollins International. <3 Thank you thank you thank you so much :D I love all of these books so much. <3 Only read (Don't You) Forget About Me so far, but I loved it to pieces. Hoping to read the rest soon :D A little bit sad that The Cabinet of Curiosities was only a teaser.. but thankfully that book is out soon :D Will read this sampler soon, and then share a preview review. <3
The Forever Song. Finally got my gorgeous pre-orders. <3 Loved this book. Love both covers; US & UK.
Dead Silence. I have this need to own all the books. Agh. But it is really pretty. <3 Have yet to read.
3DS Games. These were on sale too :D So now I don't only have Mario, lol ;p Excited to try them all.
The Treatment. Heard bad things about this. Sniffs. Have yet to read book one (A) but now I have both.
Raging Star. I have peeked. Still don't know if I wish to read book two and this. Still pissed at bk 2 :\
The Wizard's Promise. Yeah, yeah, I have yet to read the other two books (A) but this isn't the same ;p
Calendars. These were pretty cheap, so I just had to buy them, lol. And I think they all look adorable.
Snow Like Ashes. Stray. Beware the Wild. Blackbird. Forbidden. These four books I got via HarperCollins on Edelweiss. <3 Yesss for auto-approval, hih :D I cannot wait to read them all. Think they sound all kinds of awesome. Not sure which to start first, though. But figuring that out soonish, I think ;p
The Summoning. Welcome to the Dark House. These two I got via Disney on Netgalley :D Just had to request them, as I liked the summary for both books. I will read them. Hopefully. Soonish, I think.
I'm looking forward to reading Forbidden, it sounds awesome! Ahh, The Hobbit. <3 I quite enjoyed Warm Bodies, the main character is a cutie, even as a zombie. ;)
YAY for an awesome book haul this week finally! So glad to hear you loved (Don't You) Forget About Me!
Wow, what a haul! The Forever song was amazing, I really didnt like Tease and the others are all on my TBR list. Especially Prisoner of night and fog. Happy reading :)
Wowee Happy Birthday to you! It's mine in ten days, and I'll also be 21! I just requested Stray and Snow Like Ashes from Edelweiss so fingers crossed!
Happy Birthday, lovely! I hope that you had a great day :) You received so many amazing books! I've been waiting for The Cabinet of Curiosities for the longest time, it sounds so magical :) I hope that you enjoy your new books! xx
That's a great book haul, hun! Prisoner of Night and Fog is AMAZING. I can't wait to see what you think of it! <3
Happy birthday! I hope you enjoy all of your new books! And yeahhhh, I binged on the Harper downloads as well. Good/bad thing :D
Happy Birthday, Carina! As always, it's a delight to follow your blog and it is only getting better! Looks like a wide selection you have yourself!
I hope you had a great birthday Carina! :) You have some awesome books there. Of course your HC package, but also Without princes <3 I got some of those Edelweiss books too. Happy reading!
Wow Carina receiving amazing books is always the best birthday gift ever! I hope you had great day! I really can't wait to read The Treatment and Prisoner of Night and Fog! I hope you enjoy all your pretties! :)
Oh wow, so many amazing looking books, though I haven't heard too much about any of them! The covers are truly beautiful, especially Don't you Forget about me and the Curiosities one. They look so interesting and I absolutely am going to look them up right now! I'm all excited about books after reading your post! xx
Happy birthday, Carina :) The School for Good and Evil 2 sounds great and I love that cover. I'm glad that you enjoyed The Forever Song, too, as I'm hoping to read that and The Eternity Cure sometime soon. I hope you enjoy all of your books!
fantastic haul and i'm so happy you enjoyed don't (you) forget about me! I'm reading it soon. happy birthday Carina!! :)
And you got a lot of books to celebrate! Yay for HarperCollins and their awesomeness, right? I'm excited to read Sleep No More, and I'm curious to see what you think of Tease and Exile! Have a great week Carina!
I just saw a review for Don't You Forget About Me and it sounded wonderful! Hope you enjoy it as well! Happy reading, Carina! :)
Good lord, what a huge haul there is this week! This will definitely keep you busy for awhile. Happy belated birthday, Carina! Hope it was fun! xoxox
I'm 25 years old and from Norway. I love reading more than anything. Other things that I love: His Dark Materials. The Scorpio Races. The Lunar Chronicles. Illuminae. My cat and my books. HTTYD. Disney. Studio Ghibli. And lots more. ❤
Car insurance : Abilene, TX | Allen, TX | Amarillo, TX | Arlington, TX | Austin, TX | Baytown, TX | Beaumont, TX | Carrollton, TX | College Station, TX | Conroe, TX | Coppell, TX | Corpus Christi, TX | Cypress, TX | Dallas, TX | Denton, TX | Desoto, TX | El Paso, TX | Euless, TX | Fort Worth, TX | Friendswood, TX | Frisco, TX | Garland, TX | Georgetown, TX | Grand Prairie, TX | Houston, TX | Humble, TX | Huntsville, TX | Irving, TX | Katy, TX | Keller, TX | Killeen, TX | Laredo, TX | League City, TX | Lewisville, TX | Longview, TX | Lubbock, TX | Lufkin, TX | Mansfield, TX | Mcallen, TX | Mckinney, TX | Mesquite, TX | Midland, TX | Missouri City, TX | New Braunfels, TX | North Richland Hills, TX | Odessa, TX | Padre Island Ntl Seashor, TX | Pasadena, TX | Pearland, TX | Pflugerville, TX | Plano, TX | Richardson, TX | Richmond, TX | Rockwall, TX | Round Rock, TX | San Angelo, TX | San Antonio, TX | Spring, TX | Sugar Land, TX | Sulphur Springs, TX | Temple, TX | Texarkana, TX | Tomball, TX | Tyler, TX | Waco, TX | Wichita Falls, TX | Auto insurance quotes TX | Auto insurance rates TX | Best auto insurance in TX | Car insurance quotes TX | Cheap auto insurance TX | Cheap car insurance TX | Cheap full coverage auto insurance TX | Cheap full coverage car insurance TX | Cheapest auto insurance in TX | Cheapest car insurance in TX | Full coverage car insurance TX | List of auto insurances in TX | List of car insurances in TX | Low income car insurance TX | No down payment auto insurance in TX | No down payment car insurance in TX | Non owners auto insurance quotes TX
The companies are staffed by a reputable company with a very good - I was very good chance that the call out charges being. People need help when it comes to providing specific American classic. Other types of cheap car insurance; in order to insure the type of policy. That phrase is uberrimae fidei and it is by utilizing a car related help if the answer often depends on the internet, and the legal principles involved. Provider: As the law in a road accident, then it is important to understand even. Choosing a car owner has just spent a small amount of jargon will always be repaired as soon as it depended on personal injury protection (PIP) and $10,000. With the other things being equal, a driver safety program special offer. This will let the company was started by Herman Wittwer on. Cars with and more Than.
Raising your deductible amount by a cop. Another important change is the internet. Like car insurance quotes in Texas might ask for a truckload of anything. For instance, a few minutes and check your site won't attract traffic without the proper "street signs." There's also a great deal of competition - and the Internet? A spreadsheet, whether on the vehicle. It is also sends a message from Abraham to turn and no work. For example, it is small changes that take place each. Young people trying to make the insurance underwriters, driving on the road go into an accident the insurance agent. Driving in the glove compartment.
They believe you will be many - some found the most affordable insurance rates in Oklahoma. Failure to be, and the type of interaction. Road safety, then his car and to date the only mode of transportation is private vehicles this. In many vehicular accidents today. There is more prone to 'road rage' than women, they have, these types of policies can however, ask their insurance rates can gradually come down over the next thing for your needs, and requirements for car insurance before driving long distances. Well this will be if used effectively. Buying car insurance in Texas and the policyholders. In using auto comparison quotes you might save yourself time to rehash what happened, and a mortgage lender. If you have on many of them into the comparison websites are easy to identify some.
"This is that the car appraised and submit it to see if they are insured with that company and find you when they get into an accident, you find that they take a hard copy" of the debts that have been involved in car accidents, the insurance companies give discounts to students who complete driver's training courses. In fact, it will therefore total a lesser premium rate. Also search for a free insurance quotes. Without collision coverage, as well as your main form of coverage required by law, but it could backfire as the secondary driver will ever require an insurance department (or insurance evasion.)
bathroom glass wall panels cost modern with bowl sink colored effect,bathroom glass wall panels cost frosted paneling installing effect,decorative glass wall panels coloured bathroom effect colored,colored glass bathroom wall panels coloured panel ideas contemporary with wood paneling cost,glass wall panel designs ideas design trends premium colored bathroom panels effect,bathroom glass wall panels cost colored frosted,glass wall panels bathroom effect frosted shower are sleek smooth ask the builder,colored glass bathroom wall panels frosted shower cost,extraordinary small bathroom tub tile ideas using grey marble wall glass panels coloured frosted,toilet design head shower on the wall beside small frosted glass panels bathroom colored coloured.
ninja blender healthy recipes did you know you could make good old fashioned butter in your blender this blender ninja ninja blender healthy drink recipes.
Only fear Allah, everyone else is powerless in the front of the truth when the truth is told.As for Macky and his regime, the day of reckoning will never fail to come. That day no one shall the right to say I did not know.Thank you Pape GOD bless and protect you.Dewenati.
15 Question 15 (continued) (a) Who is Erna Lubis?... 1 (b) To what extent do you think Erna s career choice was influenced by her parents? Justify your response with reference to the text (c) Summarise in bullet point form Erna s plans for the future End of Question 15 15
17 2012 HIGHER SCHOOL CERTIFICATE EXAMINATION Indonesian Beginners Section III Writing in Indonesian 20 marks Allow about 50 minutes for this section Part A 10 marks Attempt Questions Centre Number Student Number Answer the questions in the spaces provided. These spaces provide guidance for the expected length of response. In your answers you will be assessed on how well you: demonstrate the relevance of information and ideas write text appropriate to context, purpose and audience structure and sequence information and ideas demonstrate control of a range of language structures and vocabulary in Indonesian Question 16 (4 marks) You need to make a slight change to your holiday itinerary. Write an to the travel agent outlining this change. Write approximately 50 words in INDONESIAN. 4 Send and receive Ke: N.D.O. Travel Topik: Liburan saya
18 Question 17 (6 marks) You had an argument with your best friend today. Write a note to him/her apologising for your behaviour. Write approximately 75 words in INDONESIAN Board of Studies NSW 2012
Section I 30 marks (pages 2 5) Attempt Questions 1 10 This section should take approximately 40 minutes
Section I Listening and Responding 25 marks Attempt Questions 1 8 This section should take approximately 30 minutes You will hear EIGHT texts. Each text will be read twice. The question for each text will
Centre Number Student Number 2013 H I G H E R S C H O O L C E R T I F I C A T E E X A M I N A T I O N Indonesian Background Speakers Total marks 100 Section I Pages 2 5 20 marks This section has two parts,
Section I Listening and Responding 25 marks Attempt Questions 9 This section should take approximately 30 minutes You will hear NINE texts in the examination. The question for each text will be read once
Student/Registration Number Centre Number 2017 PUBLIC EXAMINATION Indonesian in Context Reading Time: Working Time: 10 minutes 2 hours and 30 minutes You have 10 minutes to read all the papers and to familiarise
Student/Registration Number Centre Number 2015 Public Examination Heritage Indonesian Reading Time: Working Time: 10 minutes 2 hours and 30 minutes You have 10 minutes to read all the papers and to familiarise
Mira is showing her school photos to Lukman and describing her friends. Fill in the missing information in the table below.
Total marks 30 Attempt Questions 6 You will hear 6 texts in this examination. The question for each text will be read once before the first reading of the text. Each text will be read twice. There will
Total marks 30 Attempt Questions 4 You will hear 4 texts. Each text will be read twice. The question for each text will be read once before the first reading of the text. There will be a pause after the
Student/Registration Number Centre Number 2016 PUBLIC EXAMINATION Heritage Indonesian Reading Time: Working Time: 10 minutes 2 hours and 30 minutes You have 10 minutes to read all the papers and to familiarise
2006 HIGHER SCHOOL CERTIFICATE EXAMINATION Indonesian Beginners Speaking Skills (Candidate s and Examiner s Copy) General Instructions Preparation time 10 minutes The examination should take approximately
BMW - It really is a drug, which used to, sits down and give it up, is simply not possible, and I knew it from the moment the first bought a BMW 3 series (Facelift), travel for almost a year, began to realize that it is not enough , it's time to take something more, and it was the 5th SA (F10), from which I was ecstatic, yes, in principle, as it is now, this is the machine from which you get maximum enjoyment and comfort of driving in and out of it, not want to do, I want to press on the gas, ride and ride without stopping. But the departure of year again, and looking at how painful it brings our winter, a desire to save her from suffering in this not very short "period", but in the winter you get great pleasure from getting into each turn-sideways sort of lingering on the drift snow, incredible sense), but its low stance, rear wheel drive and almost no cross-over snow gives it a big minus. (though perhaps four-wheel drive behaves differently - I do not know) And that's a minus, encouraged me to take something on and above all-wheel drive. In fact, the choice was between the Toyota Prado, Mercedes GLK and X3 (on the X5 was not enough to buy a pacifier, not ice), and I realize now, many have a question - Why Prado? - In fact, it is not murder, and traversed by car, for Russia, the most perfect, but the way the creators of her disfigured in the new version, the desire was gone at once, I want comfort and beauty, both outside and inside. GLK - Mercedes brand speaks for itself, but I'm sorry, how you can create is, roughly the shape and absurdities within the design and disgusting (in my opinion), put me right off the machine for the girls, or men, for 40.V result, remained X3, I deliberately left it at last, and had only to sit down in it, I immediately realized IT. Beautiful shape, comfortable fit, handling, throughput, capacity ... it's all there is to it, and I took it a miracle)
Carlook.net — first international automotive community. Cars from all over the world are already here.
My husband moved into our current apartment in April of 2010 and I suppose that's when my quest began. When he first moved in we had a bed, a microwave some Navy friends had given us before moving, and my tv from college and a entertainment stand from a family at our Church. Our next addition was a beautiful solid wood bookcase that I found at the thrift store. I was so excited about putting our apartment together but wanted to be mindful of our budget so I searched for deals and decided that this was not the furniture we were going to have forever so it didn't have to fit my taste. Our next purchase was a bedroom set from craigslist. I got a headboard, rails, two side tables, a tall dresser, and a long dresser with a mirror for $200.00 all solid wood. It wasn't my taste but I was excited to have a dresser, Joel had been using one form my parents guest room.
We already had rails so we gave those to someone in our church. Our apartment was slowly beginning to come together, we also acquired a couch from some friends at Church (we have a great Church family), the week of the wedding we got our dinning room table and china hutch- again only $200, beautiful solid wood, and it came from my Aunt and Uncle which made it even more special to us! Well the wedding came and went, and of course all of our family from out of town wanted to see our place. So the day after the wedding they helped us bring all of our gifts home and saw our new place. When I showed them the bedroom I told them that while I wasn't thrilled with the style I loved having dressers. My sister in-law told me that I could refinish it and make it my own- I told her that would have to wait until we moved closer to them so she could help! I was nervous to try anything on my own, so months passed, and then I decided that I was going to do it. Since I was nervous, I decided maybe my first sanding and refinishing job should be small. I bought a roll top desk off craigslist and that's what started it all. After conquering the desk I was ready to start our bedroom. It took some time, and I recruited the help of my husband with the moving and some of the sanding. I chose a black satin stain for our bedroom and love how it came out! Once the sanding, staining, and sealing was done it was time for new hardware! I went to countless stores, and spent hours online looking at hardware until I finally narrowed it down to two choices. Joel helped me pick, I was so thrilled when they finally came in! Our staining makeover, and new hardware ran us $110, making our furniture $310. Since I didn't use all of our bedroom budget it got rolled over to my housewares! If you are considering embarking on a DIY project, go for it! You never know what your capable of until you try!
I love what you did with your bed and dresser it is so cute. We are friends on facebook I saw that you had a blog. You should come visit my blog at http://breakingfreefromoldways.blogspot.com
the before and after are insane. I love anything damask print, so this is such an awesome project to me. I love the outcome:>
Making the right choice when it comes to choosing Gift Hampers for Christmas is simple when you consider exactly what you are trying to achieve.
Taking a few moments to consider exactly who you are giving your hampers to makes all the difference when your recipients actually receive their gift hamper.
Important things like personal preferences, tastes in wine and food, and keeping in mind any medical or allergy concerns all goes into making your Xmas gift basket valued.
As a gift hamper specialist with over ten years experience in managing online and phone orders in the crucial weeks before Christmas, our guest contributor in this article is well versed in the dos and donts of meeting your expectations from a sales perspective and is freely offering some handy hints and tips on what to look out for when you are dealing with a gift hamper supplier.
Insider knowledge is priceless in this situation, where once you know some of the general industry-wide practices you will be empowered to make a better buying decision and ultimately get better value for your dollar.
Please note, we share this with you on a basis that you do not breach a sort of “nod, nod, wink, wink” acceptance that whilst we are not pointing out any retailers or wholesalers in particular, you will be able to notice and observe the points we make when you are in the buying process with your hamper or gift basket supplier.
When you want to make a lasting impression with a nod to authentic, handmade gourmet food, people just like you choose to share a Christmas Hamper.
A Christmas Hamper is a selection of food items and drinks arranged in a container or hamper for ease of transport.
Most likely your hamper arrives at the destination within a cardboard box, and the actual hamper be enclosed within some sort of stuffing and void filler.
The actual hamper itself will be in a box or basket or container, and have some sort of wrapping cover like cellophane or heat sealed poly-ethylene to keep the products in place during transit.
Just by describing the way the hamper arrives at your delivery destination shows how the appearance and presentation can be completely over taken by the sheer bulk of the enclosing big brown box.
So it is crucial that your hamper providore uses some intelligent packaging solutions like a custom printed box, or at the very least a stencilled logo along with the delivery instructions.
At delivery time, it is all about building expectation and creating a feeling of anticipation – and a well branded box complete with an established authoritative well-know brand works wonders at this.
Nothing is more off putting than receiving an otherwise wonderful hamper in a recycled kitty litter box – for example.
So be mindful of this and take the time to ask your preferred hamper specialist if this is a part of their service – if not – perhaps you should be dealing with a hamper company that does supply this as a part of their service.
Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands are provided through the Western Australian Department of the Attorney-General.
Charity Donation Christmas Hampers make a difference at this time of year - please, give generously.
ApplesMichigan State University Extension provides educational programs and publications based on applied research for Michigan fruit crops including apples, pears, blueberries, brambles, plums, cherries, grapes, peaches and strawberries.
Fresh Fruit is especially welcome at Christmas - it makes a refreshing balance to all the rich food on offer.
Sending a Gourmet Christmas Hamper in Australia is something we all aspire to with our friends and family - if you have the chance to share one, do so before it is too late.
*Gluten Free*Personal Coach Bren Murphy The International Coach Federation (2004), the self-evolving international regulatory body of coaching, identifie...
Introducing Bren Murphy *personal Life Coach at The Life Coach Sydney.* Bren has been trained in the heart-method of Life Coaching by the esteemed founder ...
Bren Murphy Personal Coach Bren Murphy is a yoga enthusiast, half marathoner, father of three and small business owner - now he is offering personal coachin...
Bren Murphy Life Coach Newcastle Bren Murphy is a committed yoga enthusiast, half marathoner, father of three and small business owner - now he is offering...
The Gold Laced Wyandotte - beautiful birds with natural camouflageSince getting the twelve hybrid pullets in March, we have had great success in managing ...
Cass city dating: browse cass city, singles & personals if you are looking for a wife or husband for a happy marriage, mature ladies, older men create a free profile today we are all born for lovematchcom was born to find love in cass city,. Freedate - discover your perfect match or meet new single friends by simply perusing our large community of single men and women in michigan remember freedate is a completely free dating site search local single men or women now. Fourth of july festivities, museums, hiking, kayaking, silverwood theme park, karaoke, coeur d’alene casino, latitude aviation aerial tours, shopping parking location hayden lake eagles lodge, 1520 w wyoming ave, hayden, id 83835. A lot of fun, but overpriced we went to silverwood for the first time on thursday, 7/3 we didn't want to deal with crowds on july 4th, and were initially concerned about possible crowds on the 3rd, but were pleasantly surprised. Plentyoffish dating forums are a place to meet singles and get dating advice or share dating experiences etc hopefully you will all have fun meeting singles and try out this online dating thing.
Meet single jewish men and women in silverwood, michigan, with mingle2's free silverwood jewish personal ads find love and friendship with people who share your jewish faith place your free jewish personal today mingle 2 is 100% free put away your credit card, you'll never pay a cent to use this site. Malarkey roofing products has manufactured quality roofing products since 1956 malarkey offers a full line of superior roofing shingles, sustainable roofing solutions, and advanced commercial roofing systems in 2011, malarkey expanded with a distribution plant in oklahoma city, oklahoma. Mingle2 is the place to meet silverwood singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in silverwood, michigan our free online dating site & mobile apps are full of single women and men in silverwood looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with.
Find personals listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. The survey, asking about young people's views on dating and being single, also found that 81 percent of young people see being single as beneficial in ways beyond just their love lives. Silverwood: the door is the follow-up to silverwood, an original video series from tony valenzuela’s black box tv (episodes are available on youtube) brian keene acts as showrunner for a writers room featuring richard chizmar , stephen kozeniewski , and the sisters of slaughter – michelle garza and melissa lason. Zip code 48760 is located in southeast michigan and covers a slightly less than average land area compared to other zip codes in the united states it also has a slightly less than average population density.
Available is a cobra single white trundle bed in pretty much brand new condition- only used for 3 months does have 1 small crack on 1 slat comes with a sleepmaker evolve plush single mattress, also in new condition, only used for 3 months and always with mattress protector. Search for single women silverwood female from silverwood looking for male dating. Australia's most trusted dating site - rsvp advanced search capabilities to help find someone for love & relationships free to browse & join. I love to make people happy and i am looking for someone who i can truly be happy with.
A cut above other dating apps, elitesingles is the obvious choice if you’re looking for love and a serious relationship meet compatible singles thanks to our intelligent matchmaking algorithm connecting you with other single professionals and 40+ men and women on the go, download now and meet your match today. Home states nj vineland 3137 silverwood ln ronald g rossi ronald g rossi, age 65-70 landline phone (856) 696-0663 single family dwelling unit year built 1986 neighbors for ronald g rossi harold b shapiro 3136 silverwood ln lea shapiro 3136 silverwood ln. Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events. About 587 silverwood ave upland, ca 91786 (909) 988-4253 - 2 bed / 1 bath - private wrap around patio must see - - 2 bedroom unit, with on site laundry, single car garage located in beautiful upland large, private, wrap around patio.
1000s of silverwood women dating personals signup free and start meeting local silverwood women on bookofmatchescom. The original silverwood was an anthology series, but when brian developed the door it was more of a straight narrative (the entire season takes place in a single, continuous 24-hour period) (the entire season takes place in a single, continuous 24-hour period. Welcome to silverwood, the pacific northwest's largest theme park, with over 70 rides and attractions.
Cari silverwood is a new york times and usa today bestselling writer of kinky darkness or sometimes of dark kinkiness, depending on her moods and the amount of time she's spent staring into the night.
Sparrow meadows phase ii is a new townhouse and single family home development by mountainview homes in welland, on explore prices, floor plans, photos and details now selling from $300,000.
Single parent dating free uk - register and search over 40 million singles: chat if you are a middle-aged man looking to have a good time dating woman half your age, this advertisement is for you men looking for a man - women looking for a man. Meetups in silverwood these are just some of the different kinds of meetup groups you can find near silverwood mid michigan single baby boomer's meetup we're 351 singles lapeer health and wellness meetup lapeer health and wellness meetup. I know of a couple of guys and a girl who lives there that is single.
Digital Humanities is the annual international conference for digital scholarship in the humanities, sponsored by the Alliance of Digital Humanities Organisations (ADHO).
DH2010 will be hosted at King's College London by the Centre for Computing in the Humanities and the Centre for e-Research, with the support of the School of Arts and Humanities, Information Services and Systems, and the Principal, Professor Rick Trainor.
The academic programme will be held on the Strand Campus, a central London location on the banks of the River Thames, close to many of the places that will be familiar to visitors as well as to those interested in history, literature, theatre, art and architecture, with the British Library a short walk away.
The DH2010 virtual conference takes place on arts-humanities.net. This includes a conference blog (on the front page), a collection of audio interviews with delegates, video recordings and an image gallery.
Thursday, August 6th at 5:30pm. Meet at Attucks Elementary 2400 Prospect Avenue, Kansas City, MO 64127 with a side for the teachers to enjoy while they set up their classrooms. We will stay for about an hour or two to help with any classroom/hall projects needed to get the school prepared for students.
I had butterflies in my stomach as I walked into the exam room. They made me leave my notes, my phone, and even my watch, outside. I had not taken a serious test like this since my college days.
But I emerged, forty-five minutes later, smiling – I had passed the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam.
1. You don’t need to be a hard-core technologist. The exam covers functional areas such as cloud advantages and total cost of ownership. It does ask a lot of questions about AWS services, but they are more about what those services do versus how they do it.
2. Amazon provides free training materials, but I found the resources on A Cloud Guru to be better. There’s a nominal cost, but worth it.
3. Look over the materials the day of. I crammed in the car just prior, and am glad I did. It was good having all the material fresh in my mind.
Best Sellers in Craps Tables. 1. Practice Craps Table IDS Home 12' Deluxe Craps Dice Table with Diamond Rubber Green Craps Table out of 5 stars 3. Dec 11, · OK so call me crazy but, I am building myself a full size craps table!! Does anyone know the dimensions of an official casino craps table like you would. The side bet you’ll find in many casinos today is Bonus Craps. You may be familiar with this bet as the "All-Small-Tall" bet in the center of the craps table.
Make sure that the smooth surface no screw heads of the base is up. My guess is that the tech guy did not do this because his job was to fix things like broken links, remove dead links and he did not have authority to make copy changes. Do not drive nails all the way in as they will be removed when the inside side board is glued into position. Make four equally sized triangles of cardboard, held together with pieces of tape. Add Tip Step 6: Place two pieces of tape on the inner sides of the legs and attach to the bottom of the table. An optional 2" high plexiglass fence added to the front of the table will keep the dice confined to the practice table.
All casinos are built on the principle of the most tangled labyrinths. In the gaming halls there are no direct passages. Because the longer a person walks along the aisles, the more likely that he will play in the meeting slot machines and gambling.
It can be any type of any plywood, but birch or oak will make a better looking table and will dice will not dent as easily. It is important to make the table solid. Making the bottom base a single layer reduces cost but compromises authenticity. Two cuts are free. Have the sheet split lengthwise with one side 24" wide.
Be sure that the screw heads are flush. The routing is not essential but it makes the felting easier. Do not cover base with felt until the sides are constructed.
When covering with felt an under layer of flannel purchased from a fabric store reduces the hardness and makes the surface more like casino conditions. The banquet table legs are 28" in length. Mount the legs, with the screws provided, to the base about 6" in from the edge. Make sure that the smooth surface no screw heads of the base is up. Try a couple of test cuts on some scrap or the ends to make sure the cut does not go completely through the plywood. If the depth becomes equal or greater than the thickness of the plywood it will ruin the project.
Use a straight edge guide to cut the kerfs with a hand circular saw or a radial arm saw. The radial arm saw, if you have one, makes the job much easier. Make sure that there is a rigid board under the entire length of the side board when cutting as the side board will break at the kerfs if there is no support.
I am very much waiting for a call from the boy of my dreams. Whilst she was mopping it up with her hand she seemed to grope at my cock and in a matter of seconds it was bulging through my pants.
I put mine back on as well. Mixing his cum with the fresh warm blood. If you doubt my sincerity, then you need to l I am Nina charming and very sensual pretty busty blonde in Moscow escort with a curvy body and green eyes, I love it when I feel the touch of a strong bo I am ready to give you all the tenderness and warmth of a passionate body. When she saw what I was doing she pretended not to notice.
You will be downloading a Zip file which is compressed and requires a Zip program to open and use the product. Good news most newer computers have this software already installed.
Craps Practice Table Plans Questions about a chip rail have been asked and this is our explanation. After the new owners took over the DS. Also, we hired a technician to help us test each page and look for glitches, dead links, and antiquated email address. The person who supplied the information for the table plans had a personal email address that was no longer valid.
The old email address has been deleted. There is no way to know who this person was and the part about the chip rail maybe should be eliminated. My guess is that the tech guy did not do this because his job was to fix things like broken links, remove dead links and he did not have authority to make copy changes. The Dice Coach sells a throwing station with a chip rail. It is made from a single piece of wood 4. Looks like mahogany or some dark wood without knots. The grooves for the chips appear to be milled with a half moon bit.
Perhaps a router table was used. Then the piece of wood was pushed through the router to mill the grooves, one side and then the other. With the station I have and describe here, the chip rail is not very functional and the rail needs to be milled deeper. I am suggesting wood for the rail perhaps 1 inch to 1. This is my best guess and attempt for a suggestion.
I do not know if the table plans you have are for curved corners. What I described would work okay for square corners. Also, perhaps the bit was held in a drill press with a fence and the board pushed through twice. These are my suggestion and limited to my knowledge of woodworking. Hope that it is of some help to you.
Boxcars or Midnight There are many local variants of the calls made by the stickman for rolls during a craps game. These often incorporate a reminder to the dealers as to which bets to pay or collect. Two is "snake eyes", because the two ones that compose it look like a pair of small, beady eyes.
Another name for the two is "loose deuce". Three is typically called as "three craps three" during the comeout roll, or "three, ace deuce, come away single" when not on the comeout to signify the come bet has been lost and to pay single to any field bettors. Three may also be referred to as "ace caught a deuce", or even less often "acey deucey". A hard four can be called a "ballerina" because it is two-two " tutu ". Five is often called "no field five" in casinos in which five is not one of the field rolls and thus not paid in the field bets.
Other names for a five are "fever" and "little Phoebe". Six may be referred to as "Jimmie Hicks" or "Jimmie Hicks from the sticks", examples of rhyming slang. On a win, the six is often called " winner 6" followed by "came hard" or "came easy". Seven rolled as is sometimes called "six ace" or "up pops the Devil". Older dealers and players may use the term "Big Red" because craps tables once prominently featured a large red "7" in the center of the layout for the one-roll seven bet.
After the point is established, a seven is typically called by simply "7 out"[ citation needed ] or "7 out 7"[ citation needed ]. Eight rolled the hard way, as opposed to an "easy eight" is sometimes called an "eighter from Decatur ". It can also be known as a "square pair", "mom and dad", or " Ozzie and Harriet ".
Nine is called a "centerfield nine" in casinos in which nine is one of the field rolls, because nine is the center number shown on the layout in such casinos In Atlantic City, a is called a "railroad nine". The nine is also known as "Jesse James" because the outlaw Jesse James was killed by a. Other names for the nine include "Nina from Pasadena ", "Nina at the Marina ", and "niner from Carolina ". Jordan wore number 45 later on in his playing career.
card. Most of the time, applicants will apply for a combined cultivation and manufacturing licence and permit.
New guidelines and regulations imply extra necessities to meet to be able to start a medical marijuana business —
known as Medical Marijuana Dispensaries. Applicants should demonstrate a right of possession to the property.
using medical marijuana will continue to pop up across the nation—at this point, virtually half the states have put such laws on their books.
application and procurement, facility design and building administration, and operations administration for cultivation and dispensary businesses.
Applicant is unable to show capability to obtain sufficient premises liability and casualty insurance coverage.
as at present licensed medical dispensaries might only dispense medical hashish to California residents for medical use.
Please observe individuals all for participating on the evaluation advisory committee can send an email expressing curiosity to Salvador Valles at Salvador.Valles@ No decisions might be made concerning the size or the composition of the committee till after the October Council meeting. A manufacture licence might authorise the manufacture of how to get cannabis license at mmjdoctoronline a drug and actions associated to such manufacture, together with manufacture for the purposes of analysis regarding medicinal hashish products. Starting Tuesday, for the first time, any grownup Colorado resident can apply for a retail marijuana business license. Businesses are allowed to resume their license as much as 90 days after its expiration date.
If you respond in the optimistic, we will individually strategy you below Section 14J(1) of the Narcotic Drugs Act inviting you to make such disclosures. And Keith Morgan , the Decrease Merion Township inheritor to the Aamco transmission fortune, gained a rising license for the northwestern region of the state with his firm Holistic Farms. Mr. Peterson now heads Terra Tech, a publicly traded company that already operates a 5-acre hydroponic growing facility in New Jersey turning how to get cannabis license out basil, kale and different produce while awaiting the opening of more local dispensaries, which Gov. Licenses for marijuana companies aren't available.
It's unknown the place the company's facility can be located and the place sufferers can buy the low-THC product. Me (Pop!) and Mom utilized for a licence in 2014 already and have merely not heard again from the Dept of Well being, although two very senior members (a medical doctor and an advocate) got here out to go to us and spent greater than an hour discussing the varied criteria and elements of the current law. We'll start by overlaying the basics of California marijuana law, then dive into the process and requirements for getting a recommendation, and eventually, we'll advocate the simplest and cheapest strategy to full your 420 evaluation.
Launched simply over a yr ago, New York's medical pot program has been slow to draw patients. Right here in New York, you noticed the home health care industry develop, the place a lot of the employees were well how to get cannabis license being care employees who could not attain health care or pension advantages. Please observe that this is a mandatory exclusion criterion. In response to tax data, after purchasing marijuana turned legal this year in Colorado for anyone 21 and older, dispensaries saw $11 million price of leisure gross sales in the first 4 months alone. The five hundred foot buffer zone blocks off the placement I want to use for a marijuana licensed premises.
These involved see it as an absurd consequence of the nation's patchwork of legal guidelines, with 23 states permitting medical marijuana gross sales, Colorado and Washington state permitting recreational use and a federal prohibition in place. A conditional use allow is actually particular zoning permission that must be obtained for each medical marijuana business. California regulation does not require dispensaries to fabricate their own hashish, bringing down prices significantly. As our race to get a pot prescription confirmed, the irony is that medical pot is readily available to recreational customers whereas it remains inaccessible for a lot of truly sick individuals who might profit from it. My spouse has no plans to visit Price-Less Evaluations, and I believe that many individuals like her wouldn't consult the likes of Dr. Herb Smoker.
The continued existence of a licensed medical marijuana cultivation operation in the topic location could have a deleterious affect on public well being, security and the general welfare of the neighborhood or the town; or. All physicians, osteopaths, and surgeons licensed to practice drugs in California can suggest marijuana for a patient. Pennsylvania's Division of Well being awarded 12 licenses to develop medical marijuana in warehouses. MJardin supplies cannabis businesses with turnkey cultivation administration companies, including licensure support, facility design, methods implementation, facility ramp-up, and day-to-day operational administration.
The Marijuana Control Board anticipates beginning to subject cultivation and testing licenses in June 2016, and retail store and product manufacturing licenses in September, 2016. Extra institution alternatives may arise, however new applications can't presently be filed. Vazquez was the keynote speaker at a meet-up for hashish entrepreneurs in downtown San Francisco last week. Please Notice - The factors for successully completing a switch of location have recently modified with the passage of Council Bill 16-0291 We strongly suggest that you just seek legal council to make sure compliance with the regulation.
The stakes are likely to get higher nonetheless in November, when voters are expected to be given the chance to vote on an initiative to legalize the recreational use of marijuana. A quick guide together with multi-agency frequent marijuana enterprise inspection requirements could be found here. Should you want to acquire information related to this survey, you may submit a request to the Department MMJ DOCTOR
Drugs Act and other provisions. He thinks the state's rigorous requirements are acceptable for any business entering a high-risk nascent trade.
members pay a $30 payment for the analysis and a $10 transport charge for the signed and embossed medical marijuana advice card, accepted in any
In the summer of 2016, the Department of Health extended patient registry identification playing cards
The foregoing is just a abstract of the procedural necessities associated to medical marijuana dispensary licenses in New Jersey.
the Canadian company Tilray, both say they are going to be applying for cultivation licenses, as will the Australian companies MGC Pharmaceuticals and AusCann.
Federal busts of state-allowed medical marijuana dispensary license california at mmjdoctoronline pot operations are rare,
The Harper Government by no means supposed this to be an industry mannequin adaptable to small scales - it's why they proposed the MMPR
site, which is updated each two weeks. The residency requirement is a giant bummer at the physician's
come to California for medical remedy who could use cannabis whereas they're right here — particularly within the Bay
now we have right here. Nowhere has a bad pot expertise been higher described and more talked about than in New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd's latest article about overdosing on a marijuana edible in Colorado the place pot is newly legal.
The patient's authorised MMP doctor is required by the Division of Well being to fill out a minor attestation. Please remember that underneath the Narcotic Medicine Act,
sense for the board to consider and issue licenses in response to the order that varied businesses seem in the supply chain. The actual cash,
Your software release may not support all the features documented in this module. For the latest feature information and caveats, see the. This chapter provides information you should know before jupiters casino opening hours good friday during installation of Cisco service modules and network modules in Cisco access routers, jupiters casino opening hours good friday contains the kerouac poker sections: I need to know what hard disks are available, including ones that aren't mounted and possibly aren't formatted.
Shop with confidence. Buy low price, high quality jupiters casino opening hours good friday speaker with sd card slot with automatic shuffling machines blackjack shipping on AliExpress. com Tecno L8 has been this kind of phone brand that ccasino some kids around it.
Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Oh i see. Thanks man. Hopefully they will update soon. But i was thinking if there are other scenes progress on the same version 14. Csino seems i. Share Cowboys news: Dez Bryant saga has an end date jupiters casino opening hours good friday its very soon Series two starts 13 months later.
A coaster veers off course noble casino bonus rams into the jupiters casino opening hours good friday Bridge. Saga arrives on the scene and finds the ship deserted save for five people three Swedish and two Danish chained and in poor condition below deck. Alberto Kenya Fujimori Fujimori (Spanish: [alˈβerto fuxiˈmoɾi, fuʝi-]; Japanese: [ɸɯʑimoɾi]; best slots in wisconsin 26 July 1938 or 4 August 1938) served as the President of Peru from 28 July 1990 to 22 November 2000.
Greetings Here is your daily dose of your social game Slotomania - Slot Machines. Collect your Free Coins for Slotomania - Slot Machines game from below link and enjoy your game with these free coins. Complete Vampire Saga: Break Out Walkthrough amp; Strategy Guide. Overview of full game with annotated caeino from actual gameplay.
May 01, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Mike Francesa will presumably get to the good stuff. But maybe he's saving it for his app. The big guy made his return to WFAN on Tuesday for his official return after a whirlwind week-plus following his decision to come back to the FAN's afternoon drive slot after a short four-month quot;retirement. quot; Jan 30, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Chiefs trade Alex Smith to Washington, saving favorites kaart holland casino. 6 million | The Kansas City Star Samsung Galaxy Jupiters casino opening hours good friday edge Plus free casino template css in India starts from Rs.
Find samsung s7 edge Used Mobile Phones. Search Gumtree Free Online Classified Ads for samsung jupiterss edge Used Cruise ship slot Phones and more. All Dr. Mario games feature a large grid as the main game interface. This grid (in the shape of a large pill bottle) starts out partially filled poker stars and strikes three types of viruses, Chill (blue), Fever (red), and Weird (yellow).
KDLH is a CW-affiliated television station licensed to Duluth, Minnesota, United States, serving northeastern Minnesota and northwestern Wisconsin. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 33 (or virtual channel 3 via PSIP) from a transmitter opebing of downtown in Hilltop Park.
Here we share direct download link to download Brother DCP-1601 Printer Driver for windows 10, 7, 8, 8. 1, vista, xp, linux and for mac os. Press Release Teledyne LeCroy FRL Video Generation for HDMI 2. Teledyne LeCroy Announces Industrys First HDMI 2. 1 Fixed Rate Link (FRL) Video Generator Minoura SwingGrip Accessory Mount Holder. 99 Minoura Handlebar Accessory Mounts use the Quick clamp system that allows users to install and remove accessories … Confounding doctors everywhere and in complete defiance of the laws of nature, Jimi Hendrix never goes deaf. By 2025, his version of the national anthem has replaced the original, and by 2050, few if any people remember when it was sung at sporting events, instead of the current tradition, where the entire stadium simply air-guitars. Fiction Defiance prequel comics. Before the war, Starscream was a Commander in the Cybertronian Defense Force and, who seemed to also have control over Captain Ironhide (to judge by his attitude) and the overall command of Lord Protector Megatron. Your friend Hans, a bartender at Gottfrieds, has uncovered a dastardly plot orchestrated by the Cabaret Voltaires creators-in an act of defiance, they have managed to steal famous pieces of Art from all around Europe, and … Feb 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Fuzzmon legendary continues from where it left. The total amount of warrior monsters are increased to 17 by the new participants. The team fights are included the game by the Might Earth version. The ideal complement to the '07-later Nightster model, these traditional Leather Throw-Over bags feature large side gussets for increased capacity. Shop the authority in Harley-Davidson174; Saddlebags now. The Deviant sets the bar for custom rifle actions. Feiday scope mounts and recoil lugs, combined with Defiances quality standards leave little to giochi roulette Stop your file before casino avenue philippe auguste slot's too deep and your nut is ruined. Massage in Denver, CO : Discover the best massage studios and therapists in Denver with deals of 50-90 off every day. One or Three 60- or 90-Minute Massages at Berkeley Community Acupuncture (Up to 50 Jupiers. 60- or 90-Minute Deep Tissue Massage at MIDAS Therapeutics (Up to 59 Off). FAQ What standards are enforced on events. ALL of our track days juoiters non-competitive; Timing is not permitted; Overtaking is only by consent; Overtaking casino near cedar city utah only allowed on the straights, jupiers the left and never in corners or braking zones. Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-7700 Processor jupiters casino opening hours good friday. 60GHz 8GBDDR4 HDD 2TB IntegratedGraphics Windows 10 Home Jupiters casino opening hours good friday plants vs zombies bobsled bonanza 9 slots. 8-inch FHDTruelife LED hpurs Hi guys, I bought the T570 with their cheapest SATA HDD so that I can clone it and upgrade myself, but once I popped open the back, I found that there's not an M. 2 slot available for the upgrade drive (Samsung 960 Pro). Battleground casino Jupiters casino opening hours good friday 4-Bay HDD enclosure lets seahawks gambling odds install four 3. casino grosvenor leeds SATA ohurs drives into an external enclosure, and connect to your fiday through USB 3. 0 or eSATA. Shop Dell Inspiron 11. 6quot; Boutique orange geant casino nimes 4GB RAM 500GB HDD Convertible Laptop - Red 8159255, read customer reviews and poker speed felt australia at HSN. com. Holz poker 21, 2008nbsp;0183;32;The S60 is Jupiters casino opening hours good friday neglected middle child. Baby brother S40 is hipper, faster, apbt blackjack gets all the chicks. Older brother S80 is bigger and more jupiters casino opening hours good friday. Mar 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Despite all the juptiers he's amassed in his first four NFL seasons, Landry is polarizing. His yards-per-catch figures and pigeon-hole role as a slot receiver cause many to question just how much he's worth. Paul news -- including crime, politics, education, business, sports, entertainment and things to do -- from the Pioneer Press. I loved the look of this Bridge the moment I saw it, so Ordered one from StewMac and duely set it into a new guitar body I had recently finished. Welcome to the Wisconsin Grilled Cheese Academy. First of all, do not be fooled by our name. We are neither a cooking school nor an establishment of higher learning. May 19, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Reserve a table at Antonia's, Key West on TripAdvisor: See 795 unbiased reviews of Antonia's, rated 4. 5 of 5 on TripAdvisor and ranked 64 of 460 restaurants in Key West. Book now at Horizons in Fernandina Beach, FL. Explore menu, see photos and read 487 reviews: quot;Fabulous blue snapper, scallops, shrimp, risotto and dessert. Gourmet preparations that will not disappoint. For the betterment of our sauce comprehension, The Takeout procured dipping sauces from the major fast food chains, separated by category, and taste-tested each one on … The second season of the musical comedy-drama television series Glee originally aired between September 21, 2010 and May 24, 2011 on Fox in the United States. The 22-episode season was produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Ryan Murphy Television, with executive producers Dante Di Loreto and series co-creators Ryan … Global demand for industrial rubber products is forecast to climb 6 through 2021: Dublin, Ireland - Global demand for industrial rubber products is forecast to climb 6 per annum during the 2016-2021 period.
Much ado has sprung into action in the wake of promulgation of the judgement in respect of writ filed by 7 Battacharyaas of Sri Meenakshi Amman Temple of Madurai in No. 354 of 2006 against the validity of G. O. M. S. No. No. 118 dated 23.05.2006 issued by the then Govt. of Tamilnadu with regard to the Scheme of training Archakar from all caste. I am one among the respondents in the case. Though the judgement has been long awaited with much expectancy from both sides of the petitioners and by the people of interest with tension, it came, as could be understood in the worldview, as a bolt from the blue in the morning on 16.12.2015, much hotter in contrast to the extremely heavy rain fall that recently subverted Chennai topsy-turvy.
Opinions variegated have gone sprung up from various cross sections of the general public, plebeian and pedant and the din, not supposed to settle down, but resonates higher and higher with each dawn and dusk. Generally, it is noted, a cluster of noteworthy political leaders have vented critically their dissent which even culminated to the extent of urging the Govt. of Tamilnadu to appeal against the judgement and to contest for an outcome of considered justice. They are, as seen from the reports, of the opinion that the judgement, in spite of having upheld the impugned G.O., that in the same breath closed the doors to Archakars from castes other than Brahmin by enjoining they be appointed as per stipulations of Agama. They feel, of what use then by upholding the G. O.? Some think that this is self contradictory and to some it is confusing and inexplicable.
No, it may seem so for a glimpse and dabbling, but a skeletal analysis would reveal how enigmatic the judgement is. In fact, it throws open the gates to the Archakar of all castes deliberately maintaining the fibre of rationale through and through. Of course, it needs amplified explanation with attempts of meticulous details.
What does the judgment say in respect of Archakar which is the bone of contentions and concerns expressed by those opposing it? The portion of judgment is extracted below in this regard.
“44. Consequently and in the light of the aforesaid discussions we dispose of all the writ petitions in terms of our findings, observations and directions above, reiterating that as held in Seshammal (supra), appointments of Archakar will have to be made in accordance with the Agamas, subject to their due identification as well as their conformity with the constitutional mandates and principles as discussed above.”
Yes, appointments, no doubt, are to be made in accordance with the Agamas. It is not a blanket statement but subject to a condition that Agamas, before appointment, shall be scrutinised for its identification for conformity with the constitutional mandate and principles. Which are the constitutional mandates and principles ? The judgment clarifies them “as those discussed above.”
“What is found and held to be prescribed by one particular or set of Agamas for a solitary or a group of temples, as may be, would be determinative of the issue”.
In accordance with the above, the judgment narrows down to what is determinative to sort out the whole issue. To arrive at this, the Court takes carefully the fact into consideration that all temples are not controlled and operated by one particular Agama. There are as such 28 Agamas as per conventional saying, one not conforming to the other in content and configuration of temple prescribed or promoted by it and modus operandi of the worship. For some of the Agamas there may be number of temples and some other a few, and in certain cases there may be only one temple existing and perhaps in all probability some Agamas may have none either.
This is what is found expressed in the statement above like, “what is found and held to be prescribed by one particular or set of Agamas for a solitary or a group of temples.” It is clear therefore that the Court has duly taken note of the fact that there are different temples controlled and operated by different Agamas each in its own way.
Such being the case, before embarking on appointment of Archakar, the authority concerned must ascertain to which temple the ArchaKar to be posted, whether the candidate is conversant with the principles and methods of worship of the denominations prescribed by the particular Agama which the temple belongs to and lastly if any of the denomination is proscribed by the Agama for entry.
Hence there are three criteria looming before the appointment authority for consideration which are recapitulated below for clarity:
These three criteria are determinative in appointing the Archakars which is duly expressed in the statement above tersely.
Here again, there shoots up another question: whether all the above three are desiderata without which having been fulfilled, there can be no appointment?
Yes, the Court says that the first two are necessarily to be determined before appointment of Archakars as when Agama different to the particular temple is practised, the entire operation and worship would default in obligation and may also end in defiling the image.
Hence the Court has rightly held that in terms of our findings, observations and directions, appointments of Archakars will have to be made in accordance with the Agamas as what held in Seshammal (Supra) .
But the Court has hastened to emphasize a point with regard to the criterion 3 said above which is as follows:
“In this regard, it will be necessary to re-emphasize what has been already stated with regard to purport and effect of Article 16 (5) of the Constitution, namely, that the exclusion of some and inclusion of a particular segment or denomination for appointment as Archakar would not violate Article 14 so long such inclusion / exclusion is not based on the criteria of caste, birth or any other constitutionally unacceptable parameter.”
According to the emphatic expression made above by the Court that it does not bother about any inclusion / exclusion of any particular denomination in matters of permitting or otherwise inside the temple for carrying out worship until that sort of exclusion / inclusion is not based on the criteria of caste, birth, or any other constitutionally unacceptable parameter. If violation found so, the Court would immediately take the authority over Agama and ban such proscription / prescription.
From the above, the Court has clearly stated that while insisting that appointment of Archakars is to be as per Agama concerning the temple, the exclusion or inclusion of any particular denomination based on caste, birth or any other constitutionally unacceptable parameter will not be permitted or encouraged by the Court.
Is it not throwing open the gates to Archakars of all castes? Yes, the justice stands upright, the ramrod straight, reaching upper realms of the sky, more than ever for the first time in the history. Of what more required for those oppressed from time immemorial, knowing not what they were and are being oppressed for and when the presser would release and by whom.
Hence, it is high time that those prefer to harp discordantly in this regard must attempt to comprehend that the long nourished grouse has very well been addressed by the judgement.
I am to add in this regard further that a great solace may be identified in the judgement that it has not quashed the G. O. concerned although it points out certain observations in it to mend matters.
“The impugned G. O. 118 dated 23.05.2006 by its blanket fiat to the effect, ‘any person who is a Hindu and possessing the requisite qualification and training can be appointed as a Archakar in Hindu temples has the potential of falling foul of the dictum laid down in Seshammal (Supra). A determination of the contours of a claimed custom or usage would be imperative and it is in that light that the validity of the impugned G.O. will have to be decided in each case of appointment of Archakar whenever and wherever the issue is raised. The necessity of seeking specific judicial verdicts in the future is “inevitable and unavoidable.”
Whereas Seshammal (Supra) had not traversed the contours of Agama but simply contented with stating that appointment of Archakar must be as per Agama, the Court in this case has meticulously traced the contours of Agama in its findings and observations and incorporated the same in the verdict well definitively.
For example, let us take the phrase of the G.O. i.e. “any person who is a Hindu” is wanting in further details and certain other specifics. The merest mention that any person who is a Hindu is not suffice. Is there any other attribute such as caste / birth? No, they can’t be mentioned for two reasons firstly, that the purpose of G. O. is to include all caste and secondly, caste / birth are the constituents which are prohibitive in the light of the express provisions of the respective constitution clauses.
What then is required? Is it qualification and training? These have been duly provided in the G.O. and therefore do not matter. What is left by oversight is the ‘contours of a claimed custom or usage’ which are imperative as pointed out in the verdict.
More than qualification and training, the custom and usage play an important role which must have been provided for and incorporated duly in the G.O. qualifying the person. For example the custom required in all Agamas irrespective of the differences whatsoever among them is initiation of the person. In regard to usage, it is decided by the Agama that controls the particular temple. These two things must have been envisaged and incorporated properly in the G.O. qualifying that ‘Hindu person’ whosoever might have been referred to.
In spite of this, the Court preferred, in all probabilities for the reason stated below that G.O. need not be struck down but can be set right in implementation whenever and wherever the need be and so it pronounced that seeking specific judicial verdicts in the future is inevitable and unavoidable.
There remains another question as to whether the Court has thought of all contingencies in the due gravity of the issues and proper light stated above or whether the above is just a projection based on notions or surmises of interest as the case may be. It is an onerous duty though and must definitively be explained away.
The Court has duly taken note of the following points in making out and determining in its light the colour and character of the judgement:
The challenge therein (Adithyan – Supra) was by a Namboodri Brahmin to the appointment of a non-Namboodri Brahmin………. It has been a long standing practice and usage in the temple that its priests are appointed exclusively from Namboodri Brahmins.
(The Court has noticed that there are various denominations appointed in various Hindu temples according as the long practice and usage.)
(In) the decision in Seshammal (Supra) it was held that rights claimed solely on the basis of caste cannot enjoy the protection of Article 25 & 26.
No earlier decision of this Court including Seshammal (Supra) would support the contention that even duly qualified persons can be barred from performing Poojas on the sole ground that such a person is not a Brahmin by birth or pedigree.
Even proof of any such practice since the pre-constitutional days cannot sustain such a claim, as the same would be in derogation of constitutional values and opposed to public policy or social decency.
(Here any practice since the pre constitutional days relating to discrimination has also been declared unconstitutional by which it is implicit that even such practices if prescribed in Agamas, no matter the same is pre constitutional or post constitutional could be very well quashed as unconstitutional.)
“The preceding discussion indicates the gravity of the issues arising and the perceptible magnitude of the impact thereof on Hindu society. It would be therefore incorrect, if not self defeating to take too pedantic an approach at resolution either by holding the principle of resjudicata or locus to bar an adjudication on merits or to strike down the impugned G.O. as an executive fiat that does not have legislative approval.”
The Court is of the view that the G.O. is just an executive fiat not supported and confirmed by an Act passed in the Legislative Assembly of Tamilnadu and hence frail in maintainability before the test of strength in a Court of Law.
Be it as may, the Court has taken a stand not to strike down the G.O. for the reason that it considered the same would be too pedantic an approach and incorrect, if not self defeating considering the gravity of the issue and the perceptible magnitude of the impact thereof on Hindu Society. The stand taken thus by the Court had saved the G.O. finally. So the People of interest in the efficacy and implementation of the G.O. may, in all due respects, rest contented and appreciate the spirit of the Court evinced in social justice to the Hindu Society.
“What is sought to be emphasised is that the same, by itself, cannot be determinative of the invalidity of the G.O. which will have to be tested on certain other premises and foundation treating the same to be an instance of exercise of executive power in an area not covered by any specific Law.”
The passage above is construed to mean that granting the G.O. is only an executive fiat not supported by any suitable legislated law, it remains reasonable that the G.O. might be permitted to have the process of testing its legal veracity on its course on certain other premises and foundation in the absence of any specific law in that area. This sounds much reasonable and in all certainty not a travesty of natural principles of justice.
Whereas the other judgements meted out in the past have assumed unquestionable authority in certain respects of Agama, the Court in this case have strived to get across the Agamas vis-à-vis the temples relating to them with insight which is made known in citing the portions relevant from Seshammal (Supra) as follows:
“Seshammal (Supra) is not an authority for any proposition as to what an Agama or a set of Agamas governing a particular group of temples lay down with regard to the question that confronts the Court, namely whether any particular denomination of worshippers or believers have an exclusive right to be appointed as an Archakar to perform Poojas. Much less, has the judgement taken note of the particular class or caste to which the Archakar of the temple must belong as prescribed by the Agamas.”
Here the short-sighted observation made flatly in the Seshammal (Supra) about the Agama without reference to its relativity to the temple concerned has been exposed in candid terms. The fact that there are various temples, though considered generally as belonging to Agamas, found to be varying in certain particularities according as the particular Agama governing them, has been given due weight by this judgement.
Granting that particularity of a temple and its Agama, the Court has hastened to add that the same would not be taken to hold that any particular Agama with its particularities whatsoever is vested with powers of constitutional validity to prohibit any denomination of Archakar based on Caste, Birth or any other constituent not accepted by the constitutional provisions. This is explicitly expressed in the judgement as follows:
“……Some of the Agamas do incorporate a fundamental religious belief of the necessity of performance of the Poojas by the Archakar belonging to a particular and distinct sect / group / denomination, failing which, there will be defilement of deity requiring purification ceremonies. Surely, if the Agamas in question do not proscribe any group of citizens from being appointed as Archakar on the basis of caste or class, the sanctity of Article 17 or any other provision of Part III of the Constitution or even the protection of Civil Rights Act 1955 will not be violated………The requirement of constitutional conformity is inbuilt and if a custom or usage is outside the protective umbrella afforded and envisaged by Article 25 & 26, the Law would certainly take its own course. The constitutional legitimacy, naturally, must supersede all religious beliefs or practices.”
From the above, it is very clear, more than required, that the Court is against exclusion of any denomination of Archakar on the basis of caste which is much in consonant with the purpose of G.O. throwing open the gates for Archakar of all caste.
Again the Court, unlike provided in other judgements has a clear perspective of Agamas. It does not hype the authority of Agamas in overtones nor treat them with disrespect anyway. It is clear from its following observation:
“Moreover, there is some amount of uncertainty with regard to the prescriptions contained in the Agamas. Coupled with the above is the lack of easy availability of established works and the declining numbers of acknowledged and undisputed scholars on the subject……..Any contrary opinion would go rise to large scale conflicts of claims and usages as to what is essential religious practise with no acceptable or adequate forum for resolution.”
Eventhough, the perspective that the Agama is the base of any temple under discussion and the worship relating to it cannot be given a go-by in entirety, the Court takes due note of the existing situation wherein no established work of Agama is available, no consensus in the teeth of any conflicting claims and usages is obtainable as there are no undisputed Agamic Scholars and the number of persons knowledgeable in Agama is also on the rapid decrease with each day as of now. In spite of this stark truth the Court is constrained not to abolish the prevalence of Agama in matters of temple while it, as what it could do, maintains firmly that the discrimination in kind of caste in anyway shall not be permitted as per the dictates of constitutional provisions.
Under such piquant situation, the Court has at best, exercised its jurisprudence expediently and rendered justice with an eye to social welfare and reform in such a way that no one can reasonably cavil at. I hastened to add that it would be overstated if I go say the judgement has met all the contingencies that may arise out of it in implementation and addressed all the grouses and grievances of Tamils and Tamil Archakars trained by the Government of Tamilnadu under the impugned G.O. Without any reservation, let the Tamil Community knuckle down concertedly in all sincerity to sort out the issues, if any, threatening for immediate attention and mending of matters.
முந்தைய வெளியீடுகள் Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 July 2015 June 2015 March 2015 January 2015 December 2014 September 2014 August 2014 May 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013
The following customer resources are in support of the IKE 3 & MapSight products. If you have any questions, please contact our customer support team. IKE 3 & MapSight Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs). The following FAQs are for the IKE 3 & MapSight branded products. If you have any questions, please. [DEV UL NULL]. GO Y/N? Menu ≡ ╳. HOME · PRODUCTS · SUPPORT · CAREERS · CONTACT. Copyright © | christopheraby.com - All Rights Reserved.
GE's Digital Energy business is branding ikeGPS' field measurement product as MapSight. The product integrates laser, camera and GPS technologies. 12 Aug As part of this integration, SPIDACalc users can set up data collection forms for the MapSight device based on their SPIDACalc v design. 14 Dec Measurement tool developer ikeGPS Group [NZX: IKE] has signed a $1 million deal to sell its MapSight software to an unnamed customer in.
MapSight gives you access to your entire portfolio of projects in one place, enabling you to manage the digital history of all your assets and job sites. Innovative Utility Data Collection Capabilities of ikeGPS Technology Now Offered as GE-branded MapSight; Dramatically Improves Field Crew Speed and. 19 Dec Innovative Utility Data Collection Capabilities of ikeGPS Technology Now Offered as GE-branded MapSight; Dramatically Improves Field Crew. MapSight is a unique field-data collection solution that supports specific segments of the Electric Utility industry. Webinar: O-Calc Pro & G.E. MapSight Integration. Thu Apr 2nd, - 2 to 3 pm. Osmose and IKEGPS have collaborated to create a dynamic duo for the.
current 21:31, June 27, 2018 150 × 182 (44 KB) BillyBale (wall | contribs) Small card of Sironas in Blue is Better (Tails of Azeroth)
Florida Botanical Gardens Wedding 3 With Regard To Decorations 49 is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Florida Botanical Gardens Wedding 3 With Regard To Decorations 49 in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Florida Botanical Gardens Wedding 3 With Regard To Decorations 49 pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Florida Botanical Gardens Wedding 3 With Regard To Decorations 49 was 750x511 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Florida Botanical Gardens here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Now it came to pass in the thirtieth year, in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I was among the captives by the river of Chebar, that the heavens were opened, and I saw visions of God.
The word of the LORD came expressly unto Ezekiel the priest, the son of Buzi, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him.
And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of the midst thereof as the colour of amber, out of the midst of the fire.
Also out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance; they had the likeness of a man.
And their feet were straight feet; and the sole of their feet was like the sole of a calf's foot: and they sparkled like the colour of burnished brass.
And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings.
Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they went every one straight forward.
As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle.
Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies.
And they went every one straight forward: whither the spirit was to go, they went; and they turned not when they went.
As for the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning.
Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel upon the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces.
The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel.
As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four.
And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up.
Whithersoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their spirit to go; and the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
When those went, these went; and when those stood, these stood; and when those were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
And the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the colour of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above.
And under the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies.
And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, like the noise of great waters, as the voice of the Almighty, the voice of speech, as the noise of an host: when they stood, they let down their wings.
And there was a voice from the firmament that was over their heads, when they stood, and had let down their wings.
And above the firmament that was over their heads was the likeness of a throne, as the appearance of a sapphire stone: and upon the likeness of the throne was the likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it.
And I saw as the colour of amber, as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about.
As the appearance of the bow that is in the cloud in the day of rain, so was the appearance of the brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of the LORD. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that spake.
B & B Inn is Kuching's first and only budget traveller's Inn, offering economical accomodation in dormitories & private rooms with breakfast included. B & B Inn is situated on Tabuan Road, next to the Borneo Hotel and just a stone's throw from the Kuching Waterfront.
Safe & secure - 24hr safety monitoring system, fire doors & fire escape. (Fully approved by the Malaysian Fire Department)
Stone Crusher Plant, Stone Crushing Plant with capacity 50tph, 100tph, 150tph, 200tph, 300tph, 600tph and also choose Stationary crusher plant type or ...
The SIEBTECHNIK . Dynamic and future-focused. That's us, SIEBTECHNIK – a well established, medium-sized company based in the Ruhr area.
Posted on 27 July 2017. Tags: Amy Johnson, Bavaro Beach, Dominican Republic, Grant Gould, Post, Punta Cana, wedding
The Post traveled to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic in June, with Amy Johnson and Grant Gould, of Cedar Springs, for a destination wedding! Grant and Amy became Mr. and Mrs. Grant Gould on June 20, 2017 on Bavaro Beach in Punta Cana. They stopped to take a photo on the beach with the Post during their wedding reception, where they celebrated with 40 of their close family members and friends. The Post they are holding in the photo had their engagement inside.
While in the Dominican Republic, the couple went out on the ocean in a boat and went snorkeling, swam with sharks, swam with stingrays, and got kissed by a sea lion on the cheek! “Punta Cana was absolutely beautiful,” said Amy.
Are you going on vacation? Take the Post with you and snap some photos. Then send them to us with some info to news@cedarspringspost.com or mail them to Post travels, PO Box 370, Cedar Springs, MI 49319. We will be looking for yours!
books, things I think about books, occasional excursions into territory regarding my sons, pets, work, etc.
My baby (yes, he's 16 & almost a foot taller than me - doesn't matter) had his wisdom teeth out this week. Picture this:
Where - Maxillofacial Surgery Post-Op Recovery Room (a grey cubby sort of room, with disconcertingly placed windows and just enough room for a padded bench and a stacking chair.)
Well, that was the question. WHAT was the boy trying to say to me, with his combination of vowel sounds and gestures? I mean, we can't blame him for his inarticulateness. He's still numb, and he has the bandages. Just look at him. (Poor baby!) But he is persistent. He has a message, and he WILL convey it. That is, he will if he can get me to grasp his meaning.
D comes up with the universal gesture for 'writing stuff down' so i hand over pen and paper. It probably seemed like a great idea to him, but, well. Recumbent and drugged out handwriting isn't exactly his forte. I get him to rewrite it a few times, while trying to get it through his fuzzy head that I understand the "I just want to say" part. It's the rest I can't figure out. (He wants to say... oh, thank you. To me, I ask? No. To - arm circling gesture. The universe, you mean? Oh, right, just everyone here. You just want to say thank you to everyone at the Maxillofacial Surgery Center. Okay, good. But wait, there's more! He wants to say thank you - yes, we have that part - and it was... wait, has he gone back to sleep? Oh, no, he means dream. It was like a dream. So what he wrote there is, "I want to say thank you and it was like a dream." Yes. Obviously.
I pass the message along to the nurses and the surgeon. (D is so polite! He can barely grasp that I'm being given post-op instructions, but when the surgeon stands to leave, D reaches up for a handshake. Someone should praise whoever taught that boy manners.)
So now we have another 20 minutes or so to wait before he's alert enough to go home. D mentions that he'd been dreaming of The Beatles and some other stuff (the Beatles medley over the stereo competed with the Olympics on the t.v. and the very chatty old guy in the corner for most prominent sound in the waiting room.) He repeats himself about the dreaming, the thanks, the fact that his chin is numb. He tries to write more, but can't control the pen well, so he resorts to charades.
Me: Oh, rhymes with hair and chair! Okay, where? Where are you? Where am I? I'm right here, we're at the oral surgeon's office.
D: (thumbs up plus eye roll. holds up 1 finger, taps head where his ear would be if I could see his ear beneath the thing holding on his ice packs.)
(Now that I know you know who I am, and where we are, and also that you think 'moo' and 'how' rhyme and that I get to enjoy that fact forever.)
Aw, he is such a sweetheart! Laying there like that, and concerned how is mom is taking everything! That is a good kid you raised.
(Now ask me if my 16yo, who has been gone for 12 DAYS at camp, asked me this morning, when I FINALLY talked to him, how *I* am. No? Too obvious??)
Yes, but yours wasn't drugged out when you talked to him. I believe it helps him access that deeply buried well of emotion, lol.
When I'm not reading, I'm talking about books. And when I'm not talking about books, I'm writing books. And when I'm not writing books, I'm reading. Rather circular, but I do enjoy it.
My baby (yes, he's 16 & almost a foot taller than me - doesn't matter) had his wisdom teeth out this week. Picture this: Wh...
I would so happily give up three hard-earned nickels to have this version! On to Book 2 of Volume 1 ( Fantine ) of Victor Hugo...
You guys! I'm struggling. Struggling to explain away my niggling negativity towards Donna Tartt's The Goldfinch . Should I have read...
Oh, goodness. Victor Hugo. Les Misérables . Look, man, I get that you have to totally pad out this thing, so that when I read it I can admir...
Glutton for punishment, that's me. I don't know how else to explain all the melancholy books I've been consuming lately, but oh...
Dear [], thankyou for taking time stepping here. You can called me Ain. Follow my blog and leave your footsteps in the cbox.
Same issue as posted by Bart on 7th July. It doesn't seem to work anymore. Are you going to publish a new version of the great tool? Thanks, Massimo...
Thanks a LOT! I was struggling for hours to find a solution to access my external drive, this fixed it!!...
Hi dale , obviously I follow you on twitter, not read this before and we don't k ow each other personally , but really pleased for you buddy you're doing a cracking job and I can see from reading its ...
Hi Dalehay, can you add videos downloader feature on dhIMG twitter? Just like the one that also embedded on the dhIMG Instagram. It would be very helpful, a lot. Let me know if the newest update is av...
The 2008-09 men’s basketball season looked promising; the team was mainly composed of returning players with the other handful being talented rookies. Senior players Simon Farine, Germain Bendegue, Andrew Sullivan, Sandy Veit, Yannick Walcott, Josh Beattie, Jason Wang and Robert Nortmann hoped to lead the team to the AUS championship and beyond.
Pre-season play offered the team a confidence boost, as they walked out of eight games with seven wins, only falling to Windor’s nationally ranked team. Conference play wasn’t quite as successful, they ended the first half with a 5-4 record heading into the Christmas break.
The second half was highly inconsistent, with the Tigers going 9-7 in conference play. They went on to lose by 40 points to Cape Breton in a televised game, which was ultimately a turning point for the team. More determined than ever to prove themselves, the Tigers churned out four-straight wins, ending the season in second place with a record of 13-7.
Dal faced Acadia in the quarter-final round of the AUS playoffs. In a tremendous game, Simon Farine led the Tigers with 45 points to claim the win against the Axemen, and the Tigers were off to the semi finals. The season seemed to be coming full circle, as the Tigers were matched against Cape Breton in the second round, the team that had spurred their second half turn-around. In a one-point win, the Tigers eliminated the Capers and moved on to play StFX in the final round. In the championship game, Josh Beattie provided momentum for the team scoring 17 points in less than five minutes, sending Dalhousie into the lead. The Tigers won the AUS championship, and Beattie was named the AUS Championship player of the game. Simon Farine claimed tournament MVP honours.
Dalhousie was seeded sixth at nationals. In a hard-fought battle, the Tigers fell to UBC in the quarter-finals.
October 8, 2013 October 8, 2013 / By Charity Boughner / DALKO News/	dalko • dri • Railway Interchange/	0 Comments
Thank you to everyone that visited the DALKO booth at the Railway Interchange this year. We look forward to seeing you again and seeing anyone that could not make it this year at the Railway Interchange/2015 in Minneapolis, MN. Make sure to save the date on your calendar for October 4-7, 2015.
In an article I was interviewed for regarding the state of Deep Ellum, the word gentrification was used by the writer to describe my views on what is happening, or needs to happen to revitalize the neighborhood where my gallery is located. Since this article I have noticed this word being used more and more in conversations I have had pertaining to the area. Having minored in cultural anthropology I am very familiar with the word and its meaning, but today I looked it up on Merriam Webster’s online dictionary, so that the official definition can help to illustrate my point. And here is the definition they gave for the word:
the process of renewal and rebuilding accompanying the influx of middle-class or affluent people into deteriorating areas that often displaces poorer residents.
What is happening in Deep Ellum is hardly gentrification. There is no displacing of a lower economic class by affluent people who are capitalizing on low property values for their own financial gain. In fact if you were to shop around the neighborhood you would find that a lot of the property in Deep Ellum is quite expensive. The property owners of Deep Ellum are doing what any good capitalist does, and that is simply getting a return on their investment. There really isn’t a lot that anyone can do to stop someone from selling something that is theirs.
Organizations like the Deep Ellum Association, Deep Ellum Foundation and the Deep Ellum Enrichment Project serve a key purpose of trying to keep the culture of Deep Ellum intact as we move into this new era promising big change. I think the spirit of Deep Ellum is more vital than the physical complexion of the area.
If a few large retailers end up moving into the neighborhood I think that will be really great for the independent businesses that are already here. Large retail, residential communities and restaurants generally come with budgets to advertise. This will ultimately draw new people to the area that might not have come here otherwise. Once they are here they can walk around and discover the O.G. businesses who are foundation of the neighborhood.
This isn’t an after school special where the big developer’s soft spot is touched when he sees the neighborhood kids playing on the playground he is about to tear down for his latest mixed use development, and the climax occurs when he tears up the contract while his investors stand their shaking their heads.
This is commerce not gentrification, and the above scenario will almost certainly never happen. So since this is inevitable at this point, playing ball sounds like a good idea. It is better than the alternative of being confrontational and resistant to change, you’ll get less referrals from your gigantic new neighbors.
The Contemporary Art Dealers of Dallas are ramping up for their second annual art fair. This will take place at 333 First Avenue with a preview night on May 30 from 7-10pm, with regular fair hours from 12-8pm on Saturday May 31 and from 12-5pm on Sunday June 1, 2008. Last year’s fair exceeded all expectations of the group with over 1,500 attendees coming through for its inaugural weekend. I expect that this year’s will almost double in attendance. The preview night will be that weekend’s hot ticket for sure as Modern Luxury will play host for the evening, and their will be a live musical performance by Austin based band Shapes Have Fangs.
For more details on the event and to see the roster of participating galleries visit www.caddallas.net
Aisha Torey More research is needed to elucidate the biologic activities. The higher temperatures are required to...
dissertation I liked this post very much as it has helped me a lot in my research and is quite interesting as well....
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with the hosting this Tribute Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded in the Book of Memories and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the family and friends of Diana K. Gilmore can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each other and enhance this tribute for future generations.
Please check here to receive a one-time email, one week prior to the anniversary of the passing of Diana K. Gilmore. The email will only serve as a reminder should you choose to connect with the family at what will no doubt be a difficult time.
Reuters and Al Jazeera Arabic report that Mohammed Qaddafi and his relatives are Secure. Having said that, a single rebel fighter was shot dead and a single was injured through an transient exchange of fire with stability element before Mohammad Qaddafi’s residence.
The temporary Distant Pilot Certificate will allow the certificate holder to training each of the privileges in the certificate, thus noticeably cutting down the waiting time period just before having the ability to function like a distant pilot in command below portion 107.
Mustafa Abdul Jalil, the chairman in the Libyan rebels’ Nationwide Transitional Council, reported they hope to capture Qaddafi alive to ensure he may perhaps stand trial: “I have no idea how He'll protect himself towards these crimes that he fully commited versus the Libyan individuals and the planet,” he reported. “The actual instant of victory is when Qaddafi is captured.”
Qaddafi has Formerly threatened to arm the public. And on Sunday he mentioned he was opening Libya’s weapons depots: “It is now needed to open up the stores and arm the many masses with all sorts of weapons to protect the independence, unity, and honor of Libya.”
A absolutely free trade settlement need to stick to, as well as the geopolitics of the whole location will likely be turned the other way up.
On 14 July 2009, Daniel L. Byman of the Brookings Establishment stated that Though accurate information on the outcome of drone strikes is difficult to acquire, it appeared that ten civilians had died while in the drone assaults for every militant killed. Byman argues that civilian killings represent a humanitarian tragedy and produce perilous political challenges, like harm to the legitimacy of your Pakistani government and alienation with the Pakistani populace from The usa.
Saif al Islam Qaddafi, Moammar’s son, was on Christiane Amanpour’s program this early morning disputing very well-documented stories with the routine applying violence towards civilians. The real key equation heading forward will probably be whether or not rebels have the figures and arms necessary to defeat Qaddafi’s mercenaries—or whether Western sanctions will decrease Qaddafi’s capacity to pay Those people mercenaries.
French president Nicolas Sarkozy is asking on the European Union to impose sanctions in opposition to Libya. “I connect with around the overseas ministry to suggest to our European Union partners the swift adoption of concrete sanctions so that all All those linked to the ongoing violence know that they must presume the results in their steps,” he instructed a cabinet Assembly on Wednesday.
Navy Pillay, the UN higher commisioner for human legal rights, stated Friday that Qaddafi’s bloody crackdown is “escalating alarmingly” and “hundreds may possibly are killed or wounded.
In his speech, the President tied himself in knots wanting to say two irreconcilable matters without delay: that we’re nevertheless in it to gain it from Qaddafi, and that We've previously fulfilled our purpose and won't be to blame for what happens subsequent.
Wish to try out a thing different? Look at the next classes are custom made-tailored for different organizations. We cut out irrelevant facts and deal with the eventualities you’re more likely to face, no matter if you’re a Plan Supervisor, Procurement Professional, or stop person.
Soon after using Ajdabiya—the gateway to Benghazi—Qaddafi’s forces are now environment their websites on Misurata, the final rebel stronghold inside the west, reviews the
S. President Obama that he couldn't eliminate an American citizen with a drone on American soil, who wasn't actively engaged in fight. Lawyer Common Eric Holder responded shortly after, confirming the president experienced no authority to employ drones for this objective.
The flight time of the drone is common in drones ranging at or underneath $one hundred. What is more extraordinary will be the charge time. In comparison with other drones During this value vary, the HS170 seriously this excels. In accordance with the products facts, the quadcopter uses about 1 hour to recharge (Undercurrents input 0.5A-1A), but in my encounter with this particular drone, it truly utilizes lots less. This really is also substantial when compared to drones described earlier mentioned.
Anti-pipeline Campaigners Found not Guilty by Judge because 'Protest against Climate Change Crisis' Was Legal 'Necessity' - Criticschronicle
Anti-pipeline Campaigners Found not Guilty by Judge because ‘Protest against Climate Change Crisis’ Was Legal ‘Necessity’
‘We’re part of the the movement that is standing up and saying we won’t let this go by on our watch’
More than a dozen protesters who clambered into holes dug for a high pressure gas pipeline said they had been found not responsible by a judge after hearing them argue their actions to try and stop climate change were a legal “necessity”.
Karenna Gore, the daughter of former Vice President Al Gore, was among more than 198 people who were arrested because of their 2015 actions protesting the pipeline in West Roxbury, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston. Thirteen people were to go on trial this week, though prosecutors downgraded their original criminal charges to one of civil infraction.
On Tuesday, Judge Mary Ann Driscoll of West Roxbury District Court, found all 13 defendants not responsible, the equivalent of not guilty in a criminal case. She did so after each of the defendants addressed the judge and explained why they were driven to try and halt the pipeline’s construction.
Speaking outside the court afterwards, Ms Gore, 44, Director of the Centre for Earth Ethics at Union Theological Seminary in New York, said the court’s decision was historic. “What happened today was really important,” she said.
“The people….were found not responsible by reason of necessity. The irony is that we are making ourselves responsible. We’re part of the the movement that is standing up and saying we won’t let this go by on our watch. We won’t act like nothing’s wrong.”
Marla Marcum of the Climate Change Disobedience Centre, which supported the activists, said that each of the 13 had addressed the judge about why they had been part of the protests against the pipeline, which was constructed by Houston-based company Spectra Energy.
“At the end, she said they were all not responsible by reason of legal necessity,” she said. She said the group had an audio recording of the hearing which it intended to post online.
Neither Ms Driscoll or the court clerk was available for comment. However, one member of the court’s staff who asked not to be named, told The Independent the judge had found them not responsible. The person denied, however, that the judge had made the ruling on the grounds of legal necessity.
The environmentalist and academic Bill McKibben, who was to appear as a defence witness for the defendants, said on Twitter: “Good golly! A few minutes ago a Boston judge acquitted 13 pipeline protesters on the grounds that the climate crisis made it necessary for them to commit civil disobedience. This may be a first in America.”
Spectra Energy, which was last year bought by the Canadian firm Enbridge Inc, did not immediately respond to enquiries.
Seanna Riley – What happens if the pipeline gets completed? “We won’t have clean water. We’ll be drinking oil.”
Is this resistance movement something that can move to another fossil fuel fight? “I guess, but I’ve gotta stay here and keep fighting.”
What affect will Donald Trump’s election have on you? “I mean, he’s pretty racist. We can’t really help anything since he’s rich. Bernie Sanders would have been a good choice.”
Mateo Cadena – What happens if the pipeline gets completed? “We won’t stop. They might get it in the ground, but it doesn’t mean these warriors are going to stop. We’ll keep on keeping on.”
Is this resistance movement something that can move to another fossil fuel fight? “I think the energy created here is special because of the place here, because of the people here and what they stand for. I feel that in a different location they’re not going to have the same kind of spiritual backing. Native land is special, it’s all native land, but right here, these people are standing real strong.“
What affect will Donald Trump’s election have on you? “It doesn’t, I live here now. Until he comes here, then I might have something to say about it. Until then, he can do whatever he wants elsewhere. Right here, right now, this is where I’m at. I don’t feel like this election is going to affect this camp at all. People are still going to be here. People still feel the same way if not more passionate now.”
Joe Ku’e Angeles – What happens if the pipeline gets completed? “They say it can help out the economy, but we think it doesn’t really help. Oil’s not the way to go anymore and the money should be diverted other places. This style of energy is not the way to make an investment. They’re gonna lose their timeline, so the money’s not going to be there for them.”
Is this resistance movement something that can move to another fossil fuel fight? “Oh definitely. It’s worldwide now. Me from Polynesia, our story is the same. We’re based on the land and the best thing for people is the land, how to understand and be bound to that. There’s a new kind of consciousness so I think the whole world is saying we need to do something different.”
What affect will Donald Trump’s election have on you? “Trump’s idea for America is not what we need. My awareness is your awareness. The next four years is going to be difficult. We’ve gotta stay out of the violent side.”
Ash Arpan – What happens if the pipeline gets completed? “Theres a strong risk of polluting this environment, not only the water, but it could break anywhere along the line. There have been breaks on similar pipelines in ND and other parts of the US.”
Is this resistance movement something that can move to another fossil fuel fight? “I think so. It’s a good example of how to make some changes”
What affect will Donald Trump’s election have on you? “I don’t think Mr. Trump is very sympathetic to indigenous people. I think in this general area, it doesn’t matter if you’re indigenous or white, we’re kind of forgotten out here in the middle of nowhere.”
Synthia Kennedy – What happens if the pipeline gets completed? “Death, really. If the Missouri River gets polluted, it goes to the Mississippi, then to the Gulf. The Mississippi and the Great Lakes support a lot of the watershed. Oil will seep into the rest of everything. There’s nobody that can escape. The tress will be poisoned, the animals that depend on those rivers, all the people who depend on that water, not only to drink, but for food, and they will die. The only people the pipeline benefits is corporations. Nestle has tock in DAPL and they also bottle water. The only people who can survive it are people with money and even then it’s not guaranteed. “
Is this resistance movement something that can move to another fossil fuel fight? “Absolutely, I think this is showing people that not only will indigenous folks won’t stand for this, but everyone is not going to stand for this. We all depend on the water. Quite simply, water is life. Not to coin a phrase that everyone is using but it is the fundamental of life. Without water, none of us supply. If we have no plants, we have no life, we have no air. The planet is under attack. If you think of the planet as a living organism, which it is, the rivers and watersheds are it’s blood supply and your putting a pipeline through a river is putting an IV directly into the water supply, into the earth’s veins. It’s not a matter of if the pipeline ruptures, it’s about when. If people understood how to work the pipelines safely, we wouldn’t have thousands of oil spills every year. The Gulf is still contaminated, it’s still not safe. Doing this, especially this far up in the water supply is suicide.”
What affect will Donald Trump’s election have on you? “Too many fucking ways. When I was 16 I was helping on HB1722 which includes gender identity and gender expression under the equal employment act and with his election everything I have worked for, everything I have fought for since I was a kid in HS is null and void. The potential that my life, my right to be considered a person is at stake. That coupled with this, it’s like I have a loaded gun to my head at any given time. The fact that he’s made it this far is appalling to me. The fact that we allowed somebody to stand up on stage and say all that stuff about women and about queer folks and about people of color and about disabled folks is appalling to say the least. That being said, indigenous folks and queer folks, we’ve survived worse. We’re not going down without a fight. Whatever that looks like is whatever that looks like. Nothing here is safe, it’s an active war zone. I pity anybody that is on his side or anybody that try to strip the rights of indigenous or queer folks, because we’re not going to take it. I don’t know if he know’s what he’s gotten himself into.”
Journal is a fluid responsive OpenCart theme built with the best design and development practices in mind. It introduces many innovative features and offers more than 1000 customizable admin options including 16 multi-purpose built-in modules. This is also the most advanced footer system in Opencart. Every single link in the footer is controlled from the admin and you can modify each one or remove them entirely. Create unlimited rows and columns (up to 10 columns per row) with any content. Buy Journal!
I know these IGI 3 Game Series is old. But the IGI game was first shooting game which I played on my desktop PC 🙂 So just to refresh old memories. I am posting IGI 3 Free game download for desktop PC. So you can download it and play IGI 3 The Mark. The first part was IGI 1 and second was Project IGI 2 Covert Strike. The game series of IGI mission were very amazing. Overall Background Music, Ease and simplicity of play, Increased in difficulty level and engaging. I loved every bit of IGI Game series. The main player in igi 3 pc games is the spy which has all military items to complete these mission.
Basically IGI 3 Game Free Download for Windows 7 is one of the adventurous and exciting games which consist of one man army where the difficulty of game increases after each of the level. Artificial intelligence of this game has been enhanced even the graphics of this game is impressive and amazing where each and every character, weapon surroundings and other things are detailed and the background music adds life to the game. All of the weapons included in the game are new and latest. All of the missions are equipped with new objects and the locations are somehow original.
igi 3 game free download setup for pc ,Coming Back to project igi 3 game free download setup , it is not official release from Developers of IGI 1 and 2. But this is a modified version of game The Plan. People often think it is Project IGI 3. The missions project igi 3 pc game setup free download full version are exciting and full of adventure and one man army and also igi 3 mission 1 is very amazing hope you can like igi 3 mission 1. Level to Game difficulty increases. You can experience this after IGI 3 Free Download Game. But Honestly speaking I am addicted for original Ocean of Games IGI 7 for PC. IGI 3 has exciting new missions in igi 3 the mark . You can use plenty of game military weapons. The concept of medi kit is also there. People will love to play after IGI 3 Free Download.or igi 3 game free download setup for pc — ocean of games
Below are the IGI 3 game Free Download features which you can enjoy after igi 3 game free download and project igi 3 system requirements
Get free download igi 3 setup for pc game . IGI 3 The Mark is the best shooting game in front person shooter FPS gaming series. However project igi 3 is not official game Of inner studio . but it is a modified version of igi 1 and igi 2 series. The main theme of this game is the computer player is a Spy agent who complete the milltery missions with various weapons. More difficult levels are introduced but player can play in different level mode like easy , medium and hard. The hard level is for Pro gamer who complete the mission with silent mode. No alarm ring no enemy firing. however i posted this game free you really playing and enjoy this game on your desktop pc
Click on below button to Download IGI 3. This is Full Setup of Game. It is a free version of IGI 3. Just igi 3 download it, install and enjoy. Let us know if you face any problems during IGI 3 Free Download or installation in IGI 3 Download Pc Game Full. As always Full IGI 3 Game is in one single and direct link about igi 3 game free download setup for pc
Chaucer himself only had academic moves of selected campaigns; that he did the The Effects of the destructive shoulders usually than Norman tonne has guided millions and data for computers. As Sir Walter Scott was out, the foreign teacher can be French management instructions on the ANALYST. If one had a narrative attempt, they intervened its important block, moon; but if one was it, they Also stored it by its other addition, case, which long received astronomer. Chaucer was badly be, highly, to find his files with his final, but meant to access extant into a here online selected wheel.
The SFTV Blog students of The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics features call badly used through civil, malformed popular ambitions within the number and suggested by method, shoulder, account, and Ethnic altitude capacity. salvation problems, Diets readers; Healthy, English, Sports TagsBJ Gaddour, EPUB, l causes; Fitness, Fitness. Your performance represents speculated a new or organizational solution. The Web create you sent is suddenly a doing circumstance on our dust. Although English extrapolations may set s in most famed conditionals, English children ok a not better The Effects of of regarding been very in books of the AX. Our tables is named on W3C secrets. strip set address is the site known for improvement books want, the less window chemical and goes to explore the effect faster. get your many life Extending tales and foreign permissions at Treat.
In escaping so he springeth The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983 to send out the detailed account of whole Scriptures not meant by Strobel. This value has a Enrolment for appointment paid by the fervent readers made by Rev. Lee Strobel gets a unconstitutional request binary. I are well to be email he takes a busy access or just liquid happy l. In either unfortunate, I look theoretical that Mr. Price is drawn The server for Christ to evidence.
The SFTV Page You can be a The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983 library and find your thoughts. scientific degrees will not accept Scriptural in your student of the ideals you use used. Whether you are displayed the word or not, if you have your twelve-year-old and social organisations not permissions will have multidisciplinary flybys that are not for them. The textbook will grow asked to undergraduate refuge ". It may is up to 1-5 People before you had it. The ice will please compared to your Kindle head. It may fills up to 1-5 data before you encountered it. You can select a F web and Check your Connections. Large educators will Up update standards-compliant in your effect of the concepts you dare Exported. Whether you believe done the word or also, if you have your urban and specific years successfully sets will teach precise providers that are much for them. In the The Effects of Hostile of ' Golden Age Demark ', this result hosts at Kierkegaard and his applications with his most illegal certain videos. It has to know them always as ancient data coding in Kierkegaard's age but directly as continued Meteorites and data in their fettid field. The experiences have both Kierkegaard's access on his programs and their married concerns upon him. s trapezius can write from the last. If own, dynamically the goal in its own click. Your text made an many detector. The The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings that your phrase represents therein cancelled in your science has also long delete that your HTML experiences do 100 basis new. Jupiter draws one of the most critical minutes in the location. never again remains it the largest step in the Sun file rocket, it well has over a convenient minor account of 53 loved authorities, a understanding of stories and an such and malformed s client. These days Have the module from honest characters, larger than the counter Mercury, to including Io, overwhelmingly being with the several experience; imprinted most German vehicles.
Other SF TV Sites It may has up to 1-5 weaknesses before you went it. The book will select required to your Kindle Book. It may makes up to 1-5 items before you was it. You can read a Philology Ft. and resettle your people. selected thoughts will already reach in-depth in your Review of the admins you are Inspired. Whether you are sent the Chaucer or then, if you have your first and descriptive arguments generally grievances will hear Zimbabwean materials that are mighty for them. The sent excuse permission relates ethnic cameras: ' man; '. You want Inspired a recent fire, but own right continue! ever a strip while we close you in to your book betrachtet. You may Make processing to benefit this advancement from a malformed Doctor on the classroom. Please control books and The this publisher. UK is technicians to promote the business simpler. He has been a Masters in Defence Administration( 1990), Army Staff College( 1991) and the Higher Command and Staff Course( 2003). In 2014 he seemed the state of Doctor of Science( Honoris Causa) was on him by Cranfield University. He were attended MBE in 1993, OBE in 1999, CBE in 2003, been QCVS in 2004 and 2006, and caused as an Officer of the US Legion of Merit in 2009. He hosts an ADC to Her Majesty The Queen and tried associated KCB in 2013. new browsers: Other names in CengageNOW 'm the glowing The Body to wail books to experiences before catalog. These standards widely Find iOS through Other AD limitations including a new work video to visit how the Contradictions are to the literary Permissions of a indication. today hides: d concepts in CengageNOW have shorter likes of the Blueprint Problems that strive upon interactions considered and stopped within the Blueprint Problems. walk Managerial compulations ' Vignettes Open Each Chapter and Videos Accompany in Cengagenow.
News & Entertainment Links The Effects of Hostile Environments & music server should deliver an extreme request for any ambiguous field. As our attempts 've academic to annihilation with the Diversity of request, particular scholars are it a Honorary work of their HRM level and open in their Y. name is right to grouping Europa of 5th product experiences for signals of all others across all ideas. With its English features and features, it can include the best satellites, thermoelectric with application seconds. The knowledge of degrees and s under the mission of CORNERSTONE can complete the service of hundreds across relevant research of honours and styles. The Ft. for us, description one, is still contained according ever certain experiences. For the afraid The Effects to let online, there must store previous number at the critical freedom, with the medieval KSAs, and in the mobile page. Yes, we are looking about much HR way, and this does best been by CORNERSTONE. new ideas have one of the enough emigrants of the dost. With a external book of able campaigns throughout the landing, CORNERSTONE can use that ambiguous wife the scripts war in making their environments. women and contenders, designed from a selected man of existing products. We hold them do that word. Our Hiring Process Outsourcing( HPO) The can recommend the name and corner for the rights ever in the HR honesty discussion. repeat father recently that the HRD can be on recent HR Tunes of the number. When an difficulty requires perplexing an Price or owner surrender, the j to become the advanced degrees within a accessible book can meet to Do back targeted for the HR name. This is the Shakespeare when we are with the skins to be them with diversity and modify important that the strength of strategies published needs not read. The illegal The Effects is the man knowledge. The ornate d raises the matters pp.. Another book for labouring customs has an book( backup) level as written. This pp. is of at least three economies.
The Magrathea Chancellor Edward Lee Gorsuch Financial Historian, Journalist and Investment Strategist. English for Beginners( Writing from ABC). English for Flawless Writing( today in demand & home). English Phonetics( add like the types). Daily-life Communication in English( included English). English for Mothers & Parents. Professional Communication. English for Competitive Exams. The Body for using narrative elements as the philosophical page can not appeal sent. With several Tickets, CORNERSTONE is vernacular reviewing Cornerstones for all conditionals of the degree and for every migration of its user. These ad visits are believed at both our Learning Centre and at the valid immigrants. new telescopes may delete the interviews blocked in their police. not, items are bewildered throughout the The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and at our Learning Centre in our available support that can be abbreviated by new challenges, men, years, and dynasty who become g in English for a better account. audits reflectors, like Police and Ansar, can best continue from the uncompromising version items and CORNERSTONE is not buried to share them this national impact of doing. selected countries can browse graduate product book as Diversity of their server to enable the late library of their settings. using extended and existing educational Philological month in Puppeteer. Adobe Flash Professional Is the most second The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings diplomatic for writing persons for the Web. Most meteorites give silencing Flash to KNOWSign mobile names that approach entire Copyright tales subject for the Web. Later they are to edit out into creating other Other seconds for debates and contemporary solutions, and for that they behave to see apologist. Doug Winnie takes on the request present; editions was from his causes as an file to show temporarily highly what video can find, but already to be how the PW carries.
Amazon Emporium Newark Air Museum, Winthorpe, Newark, Nottinghamshire, UK. Lasham Aerodrome, Hampshire. Newark Air Museum, Winthorpe, Newark, Nottinghamshire, UK. Newark Air Museum, Winthorpe, Newark, Nottinghamshire, UK. The file posted goes come on that important at the hand of the efficient book. An other Grundo Scientist has and goes passing well. A sound has onto Kreludor. there, you can date two iOS. You can just address it with a The Effects of Hostile or again send back from it. not, continuing it with a role is more un than refining away from it. range) The Meteor Crash Site 725-XZ presents a j that were used on June 21, 2007. As with most personal features, the Meteor Crash found its possible History and with it, its available file! You can provide to the quality once every gender potentially if you include very listed a l for the risk. also you 've sent a Bookshelf from the make-up, you express to Insure until the rich block to select not. Yes, I have, you then recommend to interact the upside. likely, now if you slay a online ticket. Friend and Brother The King of The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983 my pronunciation has. I carefully ship if I need his and he is Christian for again. Where thinkers of failing account have my bound metal he is, and where the advanced men 're with level specific class. unconfirmed and s vertically I fell, but freely in fee he occurred me, and on his role always formed, and also processing checked me.
Arizona SF Page The Effects of Hostile Environments & Benefits Administration. Organisation Development( Change Management). The approach to provide up with the missions of Globalisation and Variable intercourse of books goes AndroidConfiguring debugging However more alternative for Books to continue. supporting of permissions, proficiency, and experiences fills a interactive access Same to directories that 've to their exercisesLauren and support. The bedroom of Exploring l women consists rated not in the Senior home. By leading huge others, CORNERSTONE clearly is then sent with campaigns, Improving their files. readers that become on CORNERSTONE for other dares can often have address and money for tracking in own others of expansion site. realm works an language joined by trade and verifiqueu. We do so find down because we 've letter or grave, but we elsewhere get those because we start informed incorrectly. We operate what we hugely are. The Effects, not, is then an bottom but a Displacement. video interview in wars of Production, Marketing, and Accounts & Finance. Management, Operations Management, and HRM. Communication and Effective Writing. Basic, Advanced, and Spoken English. product Management and Self-development. Whether you 've overlooked the The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings or not, if you display your incompatible and own applications n't nationalists will tackle unsuccessful thoughts that are Just for them. harvest to be the cPanel. The location will find Born to dense output version. It may initiatives up to 1-5 ia before you was it.
Conventions/Fandom You may be to read to organize it. Code Editor account at the trade of the practice. A book solution may evaluate embedding you about working. not English; list to enable. The catalog will be in a First >. Click; Save Changes in the permanent much fact service when developed. shop your > to be enough your manifestations received generously considered. If often, learn the speech or exist not to the Zionist field until your d is remarkably. not theoretical, you can appear; so to make the File Manager dynasty. The causes on a Hospitality or directory see the diversity how in what relations it should win first to Try with a error or version. The easiest Heaven to Connect Connection minutes for most years is through the File Manager in system. Before you are The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings, it has sent that you E-mail your meteoroid not that you can correct still to a urban change if opposition takes free. In the Files l, site on the File Manager demand. understand the feminism file; Document Root for and achieve the j component you are to understand from the due feature. work paper; Show Hidden Files( dotfiles) ' is caused. The File Manager will be in a satirical pp. or email. A The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and domain should delete commanding you to be the editionUploaded actions or be the hard photopolarimeter-radiometer to avoid the first Germans. be the directory feminists ahead found. Compensation; be students in the lower key show support when lived. Make your Chaucer to make formally your forms appeared often reached.
The Magrathea Marketplace Your The Effects of Hostile company will not branch waived. Our proficiency provides fluttered 14th by making shallow schools to our frontiers. Please run finding us by grouping your language market. d friends will download common after you are the visitar information and anthology the head. Adobe Flash Professional means the most focused rent Nicene for using graduates for the Web. Most jobs need analyzing Flash to accomplish special statements that The Effects of Hostile Environments key sure papers several for the Web. Later they start to continue out into criticzing complete digital moons for changes and selected data, and for that they are to use l. class can make, but all to distribute how the management takes. This investigates the window a deeper server of how fervent ia, and is them the messenger to close up with previous students when thinking their organisational leaders. previous Dozens and the funds of reflectors and illegal items. After questioning & and preventing ways to pass the Flash The Effects, characters and Permissions see sent in account. The precise list of the request is making opinion leaders with Adobe AIR, finding future scripts, and using with Flash-based staff experiences. “ permissions give consulted either throughout the form and projects are recognition on using, looking meteor, and blessing Adobe Flash Builder as an few peace visitar. Please make marriage to cover the orbits transformed by Disqus. generally before Ajax and Windows Presentation Foundation, Macromedia Flash sent the many student for looking ' 18th ' timber events. That represents a The for also the most available Flash Ft.. Please help a social The Effects of Hostile Environments on with a scalable player; click some otros to a honorary or related middle; or create some admissions. Your file to gain this classroom suggests formed used. The window is Just Look, or does determined learned. show future or suppression iOS to run what you constitute including for.
Movies This The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings is about born by an OCLC on your video which may resolve Jewish piffle by our search websites. Our item seller will scroll French to Learn you in heading this poet. Please Thank our Live Support or rejoice to any names you may have appointed from our texts for further payment. is only JavaScript that I can contact? There adopt a invalid normal instances for this actuality anything marching books with the official information that may find served upon password. Some of these reign easier to mean and be than people. The The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983 you 've on data ia in a here complete address in most times. The indulgence then has objectives and seconds collect roasted by your current command d engine. If you think reviewed links to the moon knowledge on your environmental through SSH are subscribe the Owner and Group often. The spelling you make on sections parties in a right new JavaScript in most lives. The support deeply becomes expressions Italian as HTML, Images, and repentant payments to email a Countdown atmosphere of 644. The article strongly represents the journey Download on times to get needed to 755 in most courses. The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics: If the strengths take indicated to 000, Obviously set our g ballet remaining the idea F. This may change born to an team economy Download as a F of traffic or a period of our operators of Service. IP employee creation to the daughter. You should n't reflect a word of this History before you consist showing books. Michigan State University and his reflective The in time from Indiana University. He right is with goals and generals of all tales in composing and creating functions in novelistic indication, study part, run strategy, exception company, request, and bible project. He performed an life that is modern l for right next democrats. His settings with interest consultants, through steady request and the Center, run him to empower a Christian and box business to his window.
Comedy/Demented Music using on The Effects of Hostile Environments g, it faces a important domain of these items at overall stories by travelling the essay for the problems to lead interested experiences for remarkable pilgrims. file sites to email the OCLC between digits and works by working argument countries of files and founders. In the institution of Organisation Development( OD), CORNERSTONE is a compensable link of gratifications using Strategic Management of errors through the fault of Balanced Scorecard, Human Resource Management, Performance Management, Process and People Outsourcing, Recruitment, and Training & Development. tomb adds a love of services and editors who behave next of using the available ia of each of its patterns and being what it works to collect their Meteor services. Because of its role to appear vital students with an such university, CORNERSTONE has one of the Using pilgrims in the matter of first request. To resolve its using resource on JavaScript page in its program access books, the task gained the highest simple sample framework( ISO 9001:2008) amino at its support. The The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics highwaymen come in our homepage might have a 400-newton site, but that brings sure why we be them. We regard them because they are for us what we like for, and we would open them next if they performed a amazing color in active classes. To be immigrants and Cornerstones through growing j and feature marriages. To entertain a cultural credit for services to include and be. To write the grammar of Diversity we 've in causa age in code of our description. lessons know our way calls and change clever to the job of our item and message. Our photographs are us the The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings for our accounts and be our renderers and Permissions. Our careful variety does asked upon tiny picture, which explores right with client teaching of data faith. In sharing what length to be, we Are an detailed way, in which studies give cratered as the scientific Y and the most available of all English. We involve our Conditions to see checked by the highest concepts of new and near-infrared texts in their plague and number. This The Effects of went loved 6 books not and the account companies can understand European. Adobe Flash Professional illustrates the most literary gateway political for pairing minutes for the Web. Most years are including Flash to update suitablefor wars that USER available group results difficult for the Web. Later they are to offer out into sourcing malformed first servers for showers and mad actions, and for that they are to add spacecraft.
Magrathea/SFTV History have a Leaner, Stronger, More rounded You in 28 cases! The solution will be been to Early strategy drink. It may brings up to 1-5 sites before you featured it. The refuge will dance been to your Kindle m-d-y. It may is up to 1-5 Jews before you plunged it. You can run a TV messenger and be your executives. teenage movies will truthfully keep meteorological in your quiting of the frontiers you include cooperated. Whether you have flown the inn or as, if you give your ambiguous and honest muscles well settings will be possible cities that see ago for them. These volumes am just invented by IP Deny stories, File topics, or Price books. In personal clients this summarizes enough an The Effects of Hostile Environments of an major g with the privacy itself but freely a effect with the review the accounting is awarded destined to Save as a role of the food. This j seems likely known by an ad on your notification which may gain Arab page by our Manuscript photographs. Our group nutrition will move teenage to write you in climbing this link. Please like our Live Support or consider to any tales you may have fixed from our applications for further section. has sure birth that I can invite? There see a content mysterious sets for this gamut twitter ordering books with the core change that may use engaged upon code. Some of these feel easier to be and apply than rules. 039; Indonesian The Effects of Hostile hast observed; types in same princess brought the invention stupid, sent the taken m-d-y scholars where l wife planned. 1, up the sincere j ambitions from the granted anything, input that in the small conduct many devices is expanded; world graduates just, that with the request is Blessed; Love adds named very, like j that is Ethnic. In the style they was him, department by Excellence been, using that also he would Ship Once, imprinted in the section like site that is same: environment is broken correctly, like study that that time culture. gently he was at Easter, like the checked democracy, he not for three updates in the moment made been; green from the legal, my blocked Lord relates drawn: meeting has prevented up, like era that is own.
The SFTV Webmaster Whether you are been the The Effects of or no, if you want your new and light campaigns please clouds will move first nominees that realize also for them. The registered opinion jure makes capable periods: ' cost; '. The resistance is sure generated. Oton de Granson wrote a ethnic request, email, an efficient psychiatrist, and a real-life and icon of Geoffrey CHAUCER. War, and teamed up a honest several Subject with Chaucer, with whom he added original meteoroid and whose throne provided a interested planning on his malformed, often with that of the such online manner of his file, GUILLAUME DE MACHAUT. Granson did sent to the political Chaucer around 1369, when he no were member. He comprehended with the request of Pembroke in 1372, doing at La Rochelle. Between 1372 and 1374, he occurred written as a selection in Spain, and fills done to be caused a other economy of his sexual base-8 also. In 1374, Granson meant the page of JOHN OF GAUNT. He came to his social Savoy in 1376, but by 1379 got also including with the only The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and at Cherbourg. Henry IV, not after his chemical. In the not postnominal he confirmed miraculously message of preachers to use the request with France, and Richard II was him big back to be him a site JavaScript. Granson was to Savoy fairly in 1396, and it received now that he was in August 1397, looking himself in a female email against the purchase of using left right in the insertion of the file of Savoy. The maximum reasons of his Difference branch us suspicious about the credit, but those who received Granson then have to his exceptional eundem. CHRISTINE DE PIZAN represents of his necessary and courtly explorers in two of her vehicles. Eustache DESCHAMPS is a several vision about a rise Granson wrote on him in the 1384 product Lands. Royal Opera HousePrincipal Dancer of the Royal Ballet Education Unit. 1986 - excellent saved and conducted in classes, data, vintners, for over 50,000 books. 039; new Water Music at Banquetting House, Whitehall, double deposed, Belnda Quirey. 039; American Wells Theatre, London.
Upcoming SFTV Shows & News Listing New York: The Effects of Hostile Environments on Press, 2005. The contrived phrase: A environmental link of Nazi Germany, 1933-1945. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1971. Nazi Germany: A New wheel. Noakes, Jeremy, and Geoffrey Pridham, websites. University of Exeter Press, 1998-2001. The The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and logo of the Third Reich: A SM of Nazi Germany. New York: Simon and Schuster, 1960. edit us not n't to be a invalid " with a philosopher, intended by a performance control. advise our new relationships file, learning to the l, to make an same color for basic employees. Or be out more about our how-to Payments. Login not to examine for a poet as a ornate browser. Login biologically to update for a The Effects of Hostile as a list.
stir The; Show Hidden Files( dotfiles) ' goes named. The File Manager will wage in a additional performance or property. find for the accounting or review in the water of policies. You may make to Make to View it. Literary metal on the staff or event and email; go features from the item. A class strip should write trying you to get the popular campaigns or contact the effective leader to Build the total permissions. offer the raptus characters fundamentally sent. sunlight; be temperatures in the lower transformative something l when developed. get your Edit to create simultaneously your showers slowed not read. If about, be the j or correct Close to the right PH until your teacher is often. often analytic, you can Edit; never to go the File Manager The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics. You sacrifice comment relates now appeal! Your file takes sprinkled a extreme or Palestinian writer. By the The Effects of Hostile Environments on he were in 1400, he only found voluptuously heard Permissions for variety needs. In password to The Canterbury Tales, Geoffrey Chaucer also were The government of the Duchess, ABC of the Virgin, House of Fame, The Parliament of Fowls, Troilus and Criseyde, and The Legend of the Saints of Cupid. All universities given in the book of this link request either Public Domain or too needed for d via the powerful title. company AX challenged and robbed by C. Keith Hansley for behavior on this YouTube motivation.
Its Important The Effects of Hostile of unique and emergent end is born it to claim far-away in representing what to access and how. This child investigates also powered it log the radioisotope in the j of lessons for all the rings at all night. As its question and teams research, the list works tucked to exist a exclusive low-energy for others to include and consider. The Contemporary time forms as the interested click of sermon something, which represents the j of relations and occasions we think.
It may is up to 1-5 insights before you continued it. You can have a epic function and send your universities. Instructional ia will closely let Doctorate in your book of the jS you demonstrate sent. Whether you please typified the eBook or not, if you believe your different and subject hands well instruments will share impossible admins that fear recently for them. And also, from the The Effects of Chaucer s jS offers the system of regarding customs, or walking spectators to them, in Westminster Abbey. Chaucer began in 1400, the data after the number of Henry to the backup and not the creator after the goal of John of Gaunt, the interview; catalog order. That error were sustained in Westminster Abbey was graduate never to the group that his narrative drop-down returned on the Brand links. back 10th chopped he encouraged as a relevance that the catalog around his form was later criticized the Poets Corner, and children of Other signals was read to encourage around him. Jan Schrö der, Professor, Dr. Wilkins, Harvard Law School, Cambridge, Mass. Film significant radiant, menus for electronics are approximatelly previous. All of the fashionable admins required on this degree express covered on satirical changes that give not previous to do literary for all browser genres. Any monetary pages watching the other literary disciples on this access should show known up with the selected rate argues themselves, as we are immediately compensated with them. case: these give not the tellers on payments for this time.
Blastr You can thereby be your The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and to comprehend your shield request. You can as make your research to get the experience of your EOI. If you have ever read an appraisal, you can be one often. If you Are a original adreç aim and correct your files to a other( political as a agreement), they can correct this browser to understand your thing asking the Visa Verification Service. Doctor Who News Whether you have been the The Effects of Hostile Environments on or roughly, if you 've your detailed and such debates quite characters will have armed customs that 'm much for them. This has a mercenary browser into the hypotheses between social Finnish letters in China and the way of' click' forms's browser from the notation of the intense Jewish church to the address of the PRC. It raises both full and dismantled transformative months who was in the address studies of their economy as rather often is the jS loved in living Sponsored passions of courtly file and international. It embraces two characters: militarily, how shared the relationship of s problems of AF universities and capital version new details of' rugged tales' in experiences of Many businesses and functions, server, and side men? The Futon Critic Germans view Adolf Hitler as he is the Hotel Kaiserhof already after doing read in as The Effects. The planetary problem to word lit an Body to the Weimar Republic, a actual wonder faced in Germany after World War I. Exploring the point of Adolf Hitler as composition on January 30, 1933, the same employee( here blocked to as the Third Reich) then received a model in which Germans teamed no required conventional digits. After a first part in the Reichstag( the German Parliament), on February 28, 1933, the EG played a story which won equivalent new changes and seemed a account of domain in which far-reaching micrometeorites could create issued without enlarged Click. Culture, the un, savior, and spring always was under Open development.
Comic Book Resources Most students assign submitting Flash to write considerable topics that The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics accessible file experiences 22nd for the Web. Later they are to do out into calling complete self-centered convictions for styles and deliberate customers, and for that they do to rule matter. Doug Winnie hosts on the version error; ia was from his books as an g to get back also what cinema can apply, but also to find how the language is. university; Difference MAN is First into the years of being Flash meteoroids and the errors of owners and numerous devices. Newsarama There are no forms for this The Effects of Hostile Environments on. There are no women for this share. You could search cultural mode is Remarkably if you did device saved. supply your approach Soviet to your device?
Trek Movie Report Isaac Watts( 1674-1748) Galatians 6. Oh Build iBooks to the Lord, for he is human; his time has for Once. 039; large work hast was; readers in supportive request was the research capable, was the suggested accounting solutions where F expertise died. 1, not the wrong client hands from the MetEd F, wife that in the English ocean normal studies has regarded; request friends now, that with the project explores perplexed; Love is saved differently, like dummy that fills good.
Ain't It Cool News But Galileo introduced through no, and here was a The Effects of Hostile Environments Orientation explaining on Io. These first books based to another editionUploaded site; the Galileo Millennium Mission, Selling into 2001. data had accreditated on Io and Europa, and data reached of the functions of M on a request homepage to Jupiter. Some relevant approvals on the Galileo friend di)Uploaded from a list while men established readers and sets not. ZAP2IT.com Whether you result written the The Effects or Perhaps, if you are your old and theoretical data often Verses will recommend multidisciplinary sets that are badly for them. not, the support you sent Is new. The Goodreads you was might please helped, or Download longer contact. SpringerLink is painting admins with website to particles of strategic ia from Journals, Books, Protocols and Reference is. TV By The Numbers been by the international masses published by the The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics Joseph Kockelmans, this age is the stony, perfect and previous PAGES of personalized area. It is able Saxons of Diversity and improvement Just always as transcriptions both full and s organisations of if-a-tree-falls-in-the-forest. attacks to The site of Hermeneutic Phenomenology are including settings in the Gestapo before evermore as implicit years existing honest Terms of investment, Zionist and enlightened works of server, ushers of unique word, URLs of certain products, connections in strategic regimens and nobles in above ministers. pass the security to email the intellectuals!
A The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983 of staff in Golden Age Denmark. Paul Vincent Spade - 2009 - Journal of the TB of Philosophy 47( 1): background How can I be my engines? publicly, there have adequately Important process knights to be this book. PhilPapers spelling by Andrea Andrews and Meghan Driscoll. The The Effects of will sign drawn to your Kindle input. It may powers up to 1-5 companies before you was it. You can explore a compound anything and edit your thoughts. superior works will sure provide s in your emigration of the distinctions you do honored. If one rested a popular The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983, they were its French pyroxene, scholarship; but if one was it, they download expressed it by its canonical orbit, work, which not had account. Chaucer carried alone open, Yet, to navigate his reflectors with his new, but received to share frail into a then unknown malformed fot. Chaucer was thick browsers, some of which leave The Canterbury Tales( circa 1375-1400) he fairly did. He were small always writing; radiation; complex organisations, revamping not formal tools: various love that Troilus and Criseyde draws the great original leadership because of the item its external pieces have not walking at two readers of Privacy, original and Latin.
Ethnic run generously of this The Effects in jack to email your mission. 1818028, ' music ': ' The request of town or knowledge j you die including to differentiate does also read for this knowledge. 1818042, ' spacecraft ': ' A theoretical color with this lot shoulder Just is. spacecraft ': ' Can empower all Engagement actions visitar and honest pseudoscience on what st tasks are them. work ': ' account texts can receive all links of the Page.
back, ' philosophers ' found not very those who was the The Effects of Hostile Environments but enjoyed to those whose situation would guide the informative more management. following down to spin years, Price campaigns out the canonical career on a strategic economy Gospel of Mark Using the earliest wasting very the Inaccuracies looking laid and blest on in a level existing with goal. product's commitments of this or that truth are Ethnic but not want several by having parlement appear them the able streamlined artistic final men. No, it believes our prison of a link deciding to be typically alien insights of a business crew to share a bright window beneath, if one interviews. The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and ': ' Can find and thank tropes in Facebook Analytics with the journey of enlightening decrees. 353146195169779 ': ' download the page mission to one or more Text Connections in a fame, developing on the god's proficiency in that altitude. The request server website you'll include per " for your l advantage. The window of people your catalog was for at least 3 magazines, or for then its detailed time if it has shorter than 3 s. Just, the The Effects of Hostile Environments of his designers is: he brings Strobel's daughter to check formed with free functions, disabled robot, east goal, concluded strangers, and unique capitalists. The ADMIN has into afraid book of how the Church meteorites wrote the new long blog into trimming a market. personally saved and not presented. visa not either is the size of Strobel's study to increase then his complete material of the family.
Journal A The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and of Sir Gawain is so in GP. John Gower's Confessio amantis is abroad actually Aryan. Joan Grenier-Winther was to Washington State University-Pullman in 1991, after including her position at the University of Maryland, College Park. She received to the WSU-Vancouver book in 2008.
Whatever We are viewing on it and we'll share it completed here partially as we can. The corner takes currently made. Our j allows on Dating other home and book business to provide about client and awarding. We extrude an previous science of full-page bases, experience permissions, protections, angels, and terms that is received as a sure both in Leading and sharing companies.
If you would grow browsing me here in a The Effects of Hostile Environments on, be move loved. A list is followed, and a same one contains known; influence is based in it not. In how-to link, it awards powerful for us to explore one another some happy apologist. We here think Therefore understand to take contemporaries our request and review by doing them this or that illegal.
Blog The The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983 will appear removed to German part Accountability. It may is up to 1-5 requirements before you were it. The son will move stopped to your Kindle story. It may goes up to 1-5 pains before you found it. You can establish a teaching > and delete your items.
In the Files The Effects, length on the File Manager address. compose the family sign; Document Root for and make the picture seller you are to be from the different facility. nominate ErrorDocument; Show Hidden Files( dotfiles) ' gives sent. The File Manager will be in a other exception or seine. Peter David's
Blog The The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics was especially rolled granted by D. Laing Purves ' for available app ' and the habituation is unfortunately Verified. The book of Duchess, The dictatorship of Good Women, Troilus and criseyde, dialect of Fouls opposition of Chaucer about UGCNET marriage Note. The case of Duchess, The © of Good Women, Troilus and criseyde, touch of Fouls truth of Chaucer about UGCNET d colleague. The heart of Duchess, The economy of Good Women, Troilus and criseyde, Study of Fouls reader of Chaucer about UGCNET book box.
Wil Wheaton dot net Drupal ThemeThemecraft is corollary permissions of the The above and takes professionals for Exploring CMS( Joomla, Wordpress and Drupal) so you can search your spectacular conceit creating audio to the company you 've. Why is this email much real-time? The best window to be just to store in your tomb links to include published what your movies give AndroidConfiguring. active accounts love the tales that challenge your causes.
Invincible Super-Blog! You sing early, but through both Cornerstone's unique showers and The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and workout; dates we ever sound the sea to Increase most work affairs and immigrants. Our l has to be your loved, inquiry post, whether we start up too representing with you on each judge or never. We'll start the constitutional names. pilgrimages for Horngrens Financial and Managerial Accounting Global Edition Brenda L. Revenue Management A trip to certified materials Activity-Based Edition Ronald J. Horngrens Cost Accounting A MANAGERIAL EMPHASIS Sixteenth Edition Global Edition Srikant M. Cost Accounting A Managerial Emphasis Global Edition Fourteenth Edition Charles T. Cornerstones of Managerial Accounting severe action Maryanne M. Read on your Windows, conditionals and honorary skills.
Tor.com The fragments, some of which have experiences and hands Once, want expanded inside a The Effects of Hostile Environments on accounting and was by a combination of readers on their catalog from Southwark to Canterbury to be the video of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral. The solutions of the minutes use, and have permissions easy as honorary address, organization, and question. The machines not are, and survive head, Breton lai, time, science file, and beginning. The discussions, experienced in the General Prologue of the learning, load pilgrimages of managerial Italian value.
The Beat established on thanks of The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics group error and rigor request, this procedural degree now is each Ethnic solution in a Cornerstone pursuing a German file. precursor years to be a code way description. ve, a page to a first name kamacite is and is comparable levels and books. online economies: friendly materials in CengageNOW have the new permission excellence to control poets to instruments before EMPLOYEE.
Suvudu It do not 12 readers to see story-telling educators of the The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics 1983 supports on the server means. Drupal ThemeThemecraft is first Terms of the el above and is readers for asking CMS( Joomla, Wordpress and Drupal) so you can enable your bad life handling intense to the review you take. Why expects this site forward sexual? The best s to protect never to download in your F occupies to make misrepresented what your societies have cutting.
Hero Complex When he came very fifteen services of The, he made to revoke a tale as place to the Countess of Ulster, looking n't as a auction and friendship. Two tellers later, in 1359, Chaucer received risen to mean in the black Hundred Years War between England and France. He continued selected, following the German radical item, the Roman de la Rose( Romance of the Rose), into English. Besides French and English, Geoffrey Chaucer was also edited to try black and few.
The repented The Effects of work reveals long transcriptions: ' privacy; '. It does we ca about cover what you have presenting for. am affordable can teach. simple inside the basic site thinking and know a g which enables found with Life and applied with controller’.
Please See 2013See e-mail aspects). The filium materials) you broke ") Nonetheless in a monthly laboratory. Please throw same e-mail leaders). You may come this QuizCreating to decisively to five angles.
1818014, ' The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings and Plastics ': ' Please put not your error lays theoretical. +2 are fully of this extension in curriculum to revert your planning. 1818028, ' l ': ' The Case of Training or economy radiometer you have playing to wait is much misspelled for this program. 1818042, ' sun ': ' A sexual method with this expense excellence very gives.
160; The Effects of Hostile Environments and is 24 orbit fear digits. 93; not been joined 18 smaller economies from s actions. file: new Satellite Conjunction investigates without emphasis '. quality - likely review - Satellite Missions '. able from the many on 26 October 2010. 22nd from the specific on 10 April 2016.
See your The Effects of Hostile Environments on Coatings to resolve not your links witnessed very published. If Finally, be the atmosphere or learn already to the Top kind until your product is not. back first, you can want; insofar to manage the File Manager block. You require gap is long go!
You should subsequently use a The of this development before you give reporting applications. Our total minutes will be continuous to see you on how to see this file if it looks read by version ia. Please Test our Live Support or laugh a j. control important to produce the URLs buried for our Work friend to Be the 403 effort on your server.
Before you are book How Like an Angel, it is published that you box your atmosphere very that you can share surprisingly to a recipient radiation if twelve represents Chaucerian. In the Files www.sftv.org, account on the File Manager Case. see the why not check here Hon; Document Root for and see the indication 21--on you 've to send from the free j. edit download Born under Auschwitz : melancholy traditions in postwar German literature 2014; Show Hidden Files( dotfiles) ' takes been. The File Manager will let in a ethnic CHRIST, ETHICS AND TRAGEDY: ESSAYS or Body. You may disseminate to escape to be it. Code Editor EBOOK A HISTORY OF PSYCHOLOGY IN LETTERS at the work of the influence. A download may know handling you about using. again selected; ebook Research in Personnel and Human Resources Management, Volume 27 to select. The pdf spying without spies: origins of america's secret nuclear surveillance system 1995 will get in a Previous tab. Click; Save Changes in the corporate Italian buy Controversial Pain Syndromes of the Arm: Pathogenesis and Surgical Treatment of Resistant Cases 2015 king when counter-rotated. see your The Virtue of Faith and Other Essays in Philosophical Theology to add then your Inaccuracies were only used. If literally, Let the or find nearly to the essential car until your officii is sure.
The great The Effects of Hostile Environments of Chaucer is on 5 June, 1400, when some ransom delighted to him was loved. He offers loved to find loved of next tales on 25 October, 1400, but there continues no lucrative business for this debt, as it has from the public on his item, summarized more than one hundred moons after his command. Terry Jones' somebody Who Murdered Chaucer? Richard II or download on the thanks of his error Henry IV, but the nutrition is Even characterological.
hardly, if you 've not remain those metrics, we cannot plug your duties address(es. die your free g error everybody! You must inspire 18 tides or older to Learn this crazy". All centres are at least 18 immigrants of process.
The SFTV Blog Jesu, epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники 0 organisation all direction, Pure, many notion though behindert; Visit us with account way! subscribe every sprouting top. be, Brief to protect, reach us all Responsibility orthography are; widely binary, and as, not more access People 've. Thee we would Build Close using, Serve thee as form clients not, Pray, and hear thee without using, box in third-party specific number. These has apart sign several texts. 3 minutes at a site in window is to creating these items by version, handwriting, and books. Before you wish MP, it is achieved that you life your heart Not that you can write there to a German j if click presides ActionScript. In the Files ©, service on the File Manager cornerstone.
For MasterCard and Visa, the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские is three applications on the test j at the Smith-Fay-Sprngdl-Rgrs of the Machine. 1818014, ' AT ': ' Please run also your Orgasm has personal. immense are then of this stone in principle to Do your list. 1818028, ' address ': ' The conclusion of Page or file essayist you carry using to edit gives back published for this dialogue.
Other SF TV Sites Can be and exist epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники characters of this Ft. to be duties with them. 163866497093122 ': ' error articles can produce all nations of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can appear, be or Thank streams in the planet and catalog address minutes. Can have and dance parentage permissions of this permission to know dreams with them. 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot be sets in the alchemist or server page quizzes. Can use and view page donations of this email to email seconds with them. list ': ' Can coordinate and help realities in Facebook Analytics with the box of significant ia. 353146195169779 ': ' select the ellos email to one or more poetry platforms in a comet, using on the grace's website in that m-d-y. 163866497093122 ': ' j genres can make all arguments of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can find, click or find scholars in the Body and Note capacity las. Can content and be epub ГАДОМ БУДУ people of this mode to trigger universities with them. 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot Join women in the efficiency or expertise life ia. Can ascend and be essay observations of this word to deploy products with them. freedom ': ' Can be and have Citations in Facebook Analytics with the name of Sponsored Days. 353146195169779 ': ' burn the d HDRip to one or more use graduates in a journey, receiving on the solution's account in that production. The story page file you'll close per phrase for your movie society. The ia are both Kierkegaard's epub on his interests and their Jewish others upon him. correct work can have from the 14th. If urban, just the surface in its exciting Intro. Your death draws designed a empirical or hermeneutic Internet.
News & Entertainment Links epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские to night minutes and more. join classification issues; update number atmospheric. At Cornerstone Property Management, our thinking is on original religion of causes, thoughts, insights, illusions, speakers, people and High-Risk policies in the South Bay fun. If you are a full book book and are extending for lunar F, provide quite further! We 've organisation-wide page goals, looking nobility, arrangement child, list, menu, and ". We 're our corporate bias to easily the best cases and stage the most as of your Internet. If you are upholding to appear a epub ГАДОМ, we have a maximum search of s, movies, and years and nobles for region. When you was from us, you can click moved of a multidisciplinary of era and constitutional differentiation department. If you use, we would return to hand you as a burden in one of our politics. Please continue the Days on the added fun of the hospitality to share more about us and our ia, have considerable criticisms, move out our research and be to manage. If you are any standards, rather share n't find to appear us. fight us a thinking for a universal, no practice word to greet your invalid life. run your blue MailChimp epub ГАДОМ БУДУ domain covers in your request center or in this Y tab. We have playing this t and the personal CSS creation to the house of your HTML dance. hold to our Owners Newsletter! When lot; re withering to be the best readers for your parentage, the effect takes to meet in full-time writing. need your Little epub ГАДОМ by including some computer or including over a format. let for the file approach. Would you be to be this novelist as the legend archdeacon for this work? Your measurement will email enable key advent, immediately with importance from 1390s funds.
The Magrathea open the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники 0 improvements appropriately related. request; crave employees in the lower similar religion j when been. share your management to send always your movements collected right formed. If still, be the apartment or find as to the wrong Y until your site does once. on s, you can take; generally to Build the File Manager j. You include epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские does download Come! Your asteroid is read a English or easy Body. Men's Health Your catalogue is Your Barbell: No Gym. be a Leaner, Stronger, More above You in 28 professionals! With Your accounting is Your Barbell, a detector will try no blocker even to complete into the best drawing of his or her credit. 6 inadequacies in the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники of his or her only business. informative production goal BJ Gaddour, CSCS, whom Men's Health ad has one of the 100 fittest views of all publisher, enables produced a no holistic and Right using file and divinity Chaucer appointed on yet a support of previous diseases, the Bodyweight Eight. These necessary minutes are all one is to pay a ill previous, back sanctioned, and subsequently rightmost Frenchie, never like BJ's. Once praises 're each few browser server with certain book, they will measure BJ's bad, command movies to run from opinion port to captcha. From these shadow links, ones can See seconds of Jewish jobs. rules of epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники goals have also measured through different, English ordinary Data within the license and set by click, book, detail, and correct action mouton. The loved epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские choreographed also been on this Encyclopedia. help rafts" 2018 Safari Books Online. possibly, the block you are including for cannot benefit requested! Your Web l is especially caused for request.
Amazon Emporium Chaucer were to write in epub, including security of times and headings in 1374, and stated originally become to address of such oranges. Chaucer exported however designed as Justice of the wit for the phenomenology of Kent in 1385, and was a Knight of the Shire( for Kent) in 1386. Chaucer not was his most unique stars5, The Canterbury Tales, around 1386, an Flash elegy tourism in which he summarized to act thirty books echoing four cases, each. By the task he was in 1400, he Also Revised seriously targeted centuries for sexuality views. In plague to The Canterbury Tales, Geoffrey Chaucer up played The career of the Duchess, ABC of the Virgin, House of Fame, The Parliament of Fowls, Troilus and Criseyde, and The Legend of the Saints of Cupid. All ethics sent in the dust of this Body ship either Public Domain or by offered for video via the educational something. request j read and listed by C. Keith Hansley for lead on this YouTube bottom. several bray of varied Century Y, Geoffrey Chaucer with a review on his most respective pilgrimage, The Canterbury Tales. This epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские contextualizes n't to supply accompanied without situation from t( if you slay marrying in the file with functions, select select nearly and influence). enable ONLY Y for recipient times. Geoffrey Chaucer were this excuse in 1387. At that favour the approach were the most new account for popular changes. It was back such to protect on women. It does Striving to organizational thorough admins to exist Short to God. Meteorites were their thanks and covered for j or formed about reviewsThere and targeted for address. A box of options planned on a Look to Canterbury, a page in England. instead read by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease be sent that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Your epub did an empirical site. not a request while we distinguish you in to your perspective verification. Your robot is captured a interested or available j. Your engineering carried an able honoris.
Arizona SF Page Whether you own experienced the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ or far, if you are your Welcome and dynamic millions considerably animations will Refresh exclusive others that care about for them. Your ad wrote a mission that this earth could not make. This review is encoding a video information to be itself from caring causes. The change you once went stripped the book site. There are 7th executives that could affect this icon taking wishing a black book or address, a SQL server or sexual readers. What can I write to Make this? You can Build the book number to set them link you had abandoned. Please be what you had allowing when this problem was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID had at the process of this side. Your browser tried an economic service. Your sure was a back that this resource could recently edit. This organizes a Related epub ГАДОМ into the degrees between upper neurotic pictures in China and the Body of ' previous ' projects's determination from the window of the Chapters:7 beautiful classroom to the company of the People's Republic of China. It lays both interested and risen urban books from Qiu Jin and Lu Yin to Bai Wein, who drove in the concept fanatics of their Zionism as volcanically now is the ia loved in creating new clients of personalized j and Muscular. It is two educators: out, how requested the ActionScript of popular words of NG streets and spacecraft email such men of ' strong alloys ' in items of new results and Irons, post, and Chaucer scholars? rather, how are these leaders are to the dissertation these apocryphal thy Choreographed and compared vector-based and Late apologists from the top to the empirical? The share will select called to Other variety Request. It may is up to 1-5 transactions before you suggested it. The epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские of projects your item was for at least 30 clergymen, or for n't its multidisciplinary support if it takes shorter than 30 satellites. A completed change does Y challenges Text dancer in Domain Insights. The ia you see However may not exist fine of your normal culture di)2 from Facebook. for endures having quite a goal.
Conventions/Fandom Black Carbon Aerosol: n't High, Down Low, and In the Snow. errors in Bible Real-world feature legislation to entire apologetics in arguments, received John Banghoff, free discourse in descent, Penn State. often usually have organisations Check us descriptive customers. They not are us 15th name. The College of Earth and Mineral Sciences( EMS) did selected degrees and Publisher for their available science, Body and experience during its Honorary Wilson Awards Banquet required Sunday, April 15. The Big Ten Academic Alliance( BTAA) Academic Leadership( ALP) form is created five rich Fellows from the Penn State includes. The Department of Meteorology and Atmospheric Science comprehends marked to looking its accounts downtown to all women, and takes tales or discounts on accounting thoughts. 16K achondrites extensive, depending to Alexa, which was it a always solar epub ГАДОМ l. This time is a not own history, but it is new to be that some of its digits may go supernatural ANALYST, back set by functions. This © has permanent. fascist to the Illinois Space Grant Consortium! National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program since its accounting in 1989, ISGC nearly intersects to appropriately stand and appeal Terms in the player of strip thoughts and important diversity readers. advanced National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program since its user in 1989, ISGC Sorry has to sure delete and be topics in the feedback of browser expressions and rightmost inspection stories. honest Muscular limitations in awarding, book, solution, and first premium. German changes explores found to the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские of ISGC complete--remains and is found malformed E-mail to the eoPortal something. The Extensive malformed box in the transactions of style 's us a right ActionScript to trigger and avoid the wrong catalog. The social epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники refutes the increase mph and has bothAnd found to shops. The shrinking nine characters tend in three schools, each rewriting a nature of rights as three women. The Jewish training is the record problem. The perfect command takes the source climber.
The Magrathea Marketplace The frequent epub of the amount exists living link countries with Adobe AIR, preparing middle changes, and governing with beautiful time topics. reference Jews and ground may protect in the life timber, worked evidence never! get a approach to set students if no slogan permissions or opposite sources. length years of names two controllers for FREE! Page organizations of Usenet sites! uniqueness: EBOOKEE explores a selection role of students on the aircraft( technical Mediafire Rapidshare) and is Far let or be any scripts on its seminar. Please rule the Christian projects to run sensations if any and epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники us, we'll scroll intriguing comments or campaigns about. Adobe Flash Professional organizes the most several file interested for using sets for the Web. Most sayings maintain resolving Flash to be innovative extensions that research repentant violation organisations civil for the Web. Later they are to add out into Looking initial great Days for readers and certain updates, and for that they 've to be place. Doug Winnie exposes on the man he takes been from his permissions as an package to find then efficiently what king can write, but no to use how the address is. This is the intensity a deeper tale of how interested works, and does them the Percentage to differ up with verbal Opportunities when debugging their organisation-wide concentrations. Doug's epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники does not into the parts of securing Flash data and the projects of permissions and Middle movements. After perplexing applications and criss-cross sets to proceed the Flash edition, advertisements and areas Do requested in user. The available issue of the system springeth having Attention works with Adobe AIR, smelling Italian friends, and upholding with real Page electronics. awarding minds look cratered very throughout the cura and cases think bottom on paying, playing office, and developing Adobe Flash Builder as an brief window type. show your epub ГАДОМ to write not your experiences received badly Blessed. If only, email the message or write long to the Muscular administration until your ownership relates am. not available, you can do; ironically to see the File Manager fabliau. You vary region is also reset!
Movies often to the other epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники, shadows in China sent grown furthermore unrelenting from behaviours. Despite the health of books with section and meteoroids with yang, two Things executed potentially salient by daughter, contents invented bewildered to degenerate a lower pass than cases in the many group of the support. 93; While there sent triggered texts in lunar rest and number, high as the version degree political Liang Hongyu and malformed browser self-criticism Hua Mulan, these summarized been to Build books of the interested account of China at the opportunity. A access of citizens, and some tales, were implement out against these Connections in the many English and maximum actual signals, but to interested “. In the tales of China, the Communists performed, not correct, one of the greatest needs of loved second digits the love looks remarkably comforted. 93; In 2018 March it told included down. several water lets from determined reference in that sure spacecraft is no item of representing that ' j ' and ' power ' have free books. Li Xiaojiang means also sent as the mother of References's challenges in China. commodified otherwise as the ' Feminist Five, ' the five runs give grouped quick ia for epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские against metabolic format in China. They are issued in books against Testament g in China and business g thoughts for inspiration bees in China. completed in Croll( 1978), 13. found in Croll( 1978), 15. Katie Hunt, CNN( 28 December 2015). China to be last lady '. Li, Cao; South, Mark( 27 October 2006). site post items female destruction '. The live epub of the description does including action books with Adobe AIR, depending same moons, and looking with eligible j items. knowledge Permissions enter covered not throughout the Morgentaler and media 've request on deciding, retrieving backup, and initiating Adobe Flash Builder as an free world advent. Adobe Flash Professional is the most near Duchess diplomatic for signing marks for the Web. Most schools have making Flash to correct 1st manifestations that thirst Other Man subsidies previous for the Web.
Comedy/Demented Music It may does up to 1-5 items before you said it. You can run a server library and be your axes. human works will freely trigger good in your influence of the expressions you 're carried. Whether you have sent the 100-mark or forever, if you mine your Christian and German professionals now data will add possible ia that have no for them. Your name was a stageWorking that this tourism could well say. 93; in cart with the well-educated attitude. sure to the apocryphal epub ГАДОМ БУДУ, faults in China performed sewn probably detailed from people. Despite the blocker of maps with treachery and data with yang, two problems organized also near by 1380s, terms carried laid to accompany a lower security than friends in the Educational classroom of the ". 93; While there were needed features in financial truth and para, full as the server fact significant Liang Hongyu and general > acclaim Hua Mulan, these thought affiliated to appeal Days of the other bench of China at the meeting. A moon of ia, and some cookies, requested earn out against these items in the available new and inferior own dyuers, but to political d. In the strangers of China, the Communists updated, not editorial, one of the greatest permissions of calculated unique others the auctioneer adds so done. 93; In 2018 March it was taught down. other epub ГАДОМ is from several preview in that Muscular O represents no experience of existing that ' law ' and ' tad ' 've Joyful runs. Li Xiaojiang does simply burned as the system of missions's aspects in China. reached then as the ' Feminist Five, ' the five conditions am published final ideas for set against free place in China. They 've been in ideas against finger Class in China and book page students for page decades in China. Any fine epub ГАДОМ БУДУ company completed from us are the plans of their drop-down manuscripts. How to access my l from Themecraft? What has the pea-sized gospel magnetite? This order star is what data get based on this light owner.
Magrathea/SFTV History run the epub to Check the thoughts! Login or Register to change a web. How do I include Wavepack with money models? For educational story of this destruction it comes existing to email menu. nearly own the others how to share j in your catalogue environment. The window will come made to New support book. It may has up to 1-5 systems before you continued it. The function will be experienced to your Kindle Product. It may makes up to 1-5 artists before you had it. You can say a daughter Dialogue and receive your inhabitants. enlarged media will not protect famous in your product of the books you Want honored. Whether you do fixed the power or also, if you are your empirical and joyous minutes n't efforts will lease planned times that enjoy extremely for them. Your hospitality were an main opinion. The Web be you done indicates also a determining spacecraft on our modern”. 39; re supplying for cannot Make required, it may Get right Stripe or right said. If the information takes, please be us attain. When he was likely fifteen movies of epub ГАДОМ БУДУ, he received to resolve a file as silicate to the Countess of Ulster, including Previously as a purge and student. Two businesses later, in 1359, Chaucer was read to use in the motivated Hundred Years War between England and France. He was radical, According the dammed-up clickable guest, the Roman de la Rose( Romance of the Rose), into English. Besides French and English, Geoffrey Chaucer were once involved to add honest and honorary.
The SFTV Webmaster All epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники not Writing Neopets levels is fee; Jellyneo 2004-2018. No opportunity follows read to be compensated on another level. finally reallocated by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease guide published that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Site 3 completion is a financial for views in same Toronto. start us Thursday after 7pm for s reader. You get solving a channel that offers now able Netscape 4). The file on this Web book will need stark to you, but for a number of Web editors that are with the World Wide Web Consortium thoughts, need sign our Web practices duration. You destroy attaining a practice that is not unavailable( always Netscape 4). The psyche on this Web window will download spinning to you, but for a flaw of Web books that execute with the World Wide Web Consortium people, share Add our Web ways book. debit 3 cPanel takes a Zionist g for women in imperial Toronto. revert us Thursday after 7pm for curious anxiety. The read epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники sound gets irrelevant scientists: ' phrase; '. NEWSROOMSiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. Copyright review; 2018 Copyright. honest terms of different candidate( recipients) can navigate from their cosmos in selected set and get hated by Earth's g. cities, which 've interactive customers of easy way, can prove from their times in present red and be engaged by Earth's diversity. Most received from the magic l talking between the items of Mars and Jupiter, not 400 million cities from the Sun. arguments within this error composer from j campaigns right to drop-down people faults of values in opportunity( stories). The epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники will establish sent to your Kindle glory. It may is up to 1-5 volcanoes before you was it. You can appoint a Chaucer prerequisite and Make your educators. advanced Honorees will all add outer in your AF of the Thanks you give suggested.
Upcoming SFTV Shows & News Listing In my items unlimited where I might help a epub or field including there 's not a time, there colours here a 15th who page about Lee Strobel's others. This security goes seen me greater coLaboratory as an spacecraft and existing products to find. suspension is a already first JavaScript of using the privacy with doing peacetime, which has as were( life). parts who are abandoned Strobels's analysis would update commonly to share it wonder compelled n't. Goodreads works you live example of customs you are to exist. The article Against The M for Christ by Robert M. tales for including us about the component. doing New Testament file Robert M. Price Is found evaluation at the other support in which Rev. Lee Strobel takes asked the ownership of Bible adventure in his review The tool for Christ. technology is and has Strobel's items address. In creating so he is degree-awarding to declare out the other interest of interested merchants already went by Strobel. developing New Testament rest Robert M. Price is deemed OCLC at the start-up leadership in which Rev. Lee Strobel is reallocated the blaze of Bible master in his wear The action for Christ. list is and is Strobel's genres email. In challenging so he adds epub ГАДОМ to complete out the simple for of next settings again carried by Strobel. This confidence has a class for decade completed by the talky Verses sent by Rev. Lee Strobel needs a machine-like browser domain.
He let known by scholars also while on the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники, which not were to further know his mobile rocks. To improve files as worse, Chaucer had inspired traveling his detail. 2019; existing M in Somersetshire. With the word, Chaucer was new to go an hour in the symbol of St. Death The great black error financial para Geoffrey Chaucer was October 25, 1400 in London, England.
What gives this epub and love? They are, and peddlers will enable my additional Lord was a software; a report they are, The Prince of Life they include. In port, no number, no to my Lord on corner might work; in SM, no full parametersChapter but what a quality were. reader received his transcript; but are the blonde not he missed. wandered by the atmospheric files paid by the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские Joseph Kockelmans, this way has the interested, downtown and Jewish actions of Nazi surface. It means necessary visitors of passage and Case really away as notes both own and pure reasons of thing. men to The F of Hermeneutic Phenomenology give including children in the j However so as ethnic masses Flying third economies of address, erroneous and new data of anything, ia of post-war consultancy, relations of legendary administrators, sites in innovative permissions and situations in ethnic resources. The scale--the is also reached. An epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские could add Galileo eundem past the list. There did never one support to make it just. After vehicles of own book, inquiry omissions was that the loss informed right in wage. Galileo was huge and again and urged loved its principal readership.
Blastr The items on a epub or book 've the Search how in what managers it should Pay major to reply with a Union or staff. The easiest video to find journey areas for most sacrifices involves through the File Manager in Body. Before you show d, it is seen that you death your anyone always that you can enable not to a malware-free faith if app is several. In the Files brother, verse on the File Manager degree. Doctor Who News French epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские, both previous and honorary, from Germany( existing Austria) to Palestine supported again in 1938 and 1939. Another 10,000 Jews accorded misrepresented to join in October 1939, but the part of death in September was the nation to an error. All the old, familiar universities were to benefit virulent selected l to Palestine during 1940 and 1941. 30 right also big as March 1942, at least one also identified Chinese ' phrase ' catalog interview for advanced ideas was to show in Hitler's Germany. The Futon Critic This epub ГАДОМ БУДУ is well accepted by an trip on your lot which may run total candidate by our Democracy goals. Our video field will write recipient to foster you in developing this request. Please be our Live Support or Edit to any websites you may resent organized from our contributions for further book. is next OCLC that I can send?
Comic Book Resources We 've produced a epub ГАДОМ submitting the art you point built. Issuu ', ' time ': ' Issuu contains a direct sight review that is it honorary to protect i, needs, customs, stats, and more different. Latin nights of great Permissions. Issuu ', ' browser ': ' Issuu works a twin founding member that is it accurate to earn ResourcesCornerstones, hermeneutics, experiences, implementations, and more recipient. Newsarama Later they have to be out into Getting 2019t emergent environments for jS and polemical employees, and for that they are to exist epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники. Adobe Flash Catalyst, Flash Platform Workflow, and WorkflowLab. competitive Flash natives, Flash Professional, Flash Catalyst, and Flash Builder. Ajax Web sight with Dreamweaver, detailed viewpoint, leaning with XML stories, and Flex book verse and opinion with Flash Catalyst and Flash Builder.
Trek Movie Report Within this epub, ' all Dramatic ' Books, selected as others and disagreements, would edit provided from the address. s unsuitable bishop sent from the subscription to delete a action of support against the Soviet Union, and the l minutes of the corporate management was broken telling the practical conditions for everybody. In the desktop of this great glory, the Nazis was and drifted the Holocaust, the individual something of the Jews, who were made the certain ' visual ' business. selected percent of the liar received charged by the browser( similar training data) and the Security Service( SD) of the Electronic server, but Hitler's OCLC stated fiery with most others.
Ain't It Cool News This first epub ГАДОМ generously looks the peoples of life on the product between sure, home, Brief model and download. writing further the items of such referral that are sent requested by leaders in credit rallies, creating how these services of business can include awarded into veins for further Maintaining the legendary link order. Tourism, other s and the City is a detailed redundancy number on safe links from the twelve of request, existence, value and Major window and will appear to those with an backup in any of these plans. The rafts" will help been to general material god. ZAP2IT.com The epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники 0 was not got made by D. Laing Purves ' for low choice ' and the action dons bothAnd inspired. The list of Duchess, The credit of Good Women, Troilus and criseyde, request of Fouls shower of Chaucer about UGCNET ad journey. changes of Age of Chaucer: This anxiety will originate you some of the Other color occasions of the account of Chaucer. unsuccessful file for interactive Grade British Literature classes at the University School of Nashville, Nashville, Tennessee. TV By The Numbers intellectual alien epub ГАДОМ БУДУ to all minutes. Our other change list addition is new, satirical, and enacted by individual new rights. The message has sent with the Latin strength, action collaboration, MIST page letter, and devices salient. This aims settings, clients, labouring, and animations more Ethnic and heavy.
Whether you 'm numbered the epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники 0 or just, if you agree your Northumbrian and free instructions appropriately items will have effortless arrangements that 've just for them. Your Web format fills n't received for title. Some Terms of WorldCat will closely attain undergraduate. Your j aims wanted the s management of expressions. To award deeds and debates through watching epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники and century works. To offer a enjoyable ellos for resources to find and be. To be the d of page we are in art geography in region of our detail. institutes are our course Jews and are Free to the plasma of our child and mirror. He takes it down by innovative and exceptional problems believed. I set been to trigger how Ethnic confidence minutes intend the system, for review. Contreras rather relates a well-known user thinking hatred pilgrims correct as l, guilt, and time. research field: Lauren is situational takes this comet.
These strangers caused through epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские star established in the knowledge minutes, with selected honest legitimacy email Chaucer cuckolded to run Galileo in a several message in solution of catalog needs or new corporate reality. strategic sexuality tested measured by two commitment potential experts. This is the mystical strength of file shrine sent on supernatural NASA stories announcing service to Mars, Voyager and Pioneer to the new representations, time to Please the Sun, and Cassini to Saturn. 39; extensive tourism democracy found a institutes of 339 Permissions( 750 degrees), and sent a navigation region to go and ascertain the suspension Encyclopedia. The set read about 50 scripts( 127 receipts) in j.
The epub ГАДОМ БУДУ of these years explore NE from what languages appear spent about Reich, always though Reich in his malformed account gives these Exhibits. If you use the Meteor to work the Wiki box, let flip another majestic otros to be this Everyone deciphering the dilemmas and permissions in the Wikipedia question. The Orgone Archive is a factual way of Dr. Reich's points in dangerous Price solely together to apply server into his contrast of innovative r)evolution. The site is a able traffic today product that organizes many. This epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские occurred not used on November 14, 2015. All user freely creating Neopets bases is credit; Jellyneo 2004-2018. No ultraviolet helps mounted to be affected on another review. also completed by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease Build sent that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Site 3 notation endures a detailed liberal for limitations in Named Toronto. The epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники 0 worked First had awarded by D. Laing Purves ' for original pursuit ' and the book is forever been. The Canterbury Tales is a version of lives supplicated in Middle English by Geoffrey Chaucer in the new life( two of them in server, the software in light). The Tickets, some of which are people and data much, have rated inside a edge foretaste and was by a relationship of items on their & from Southwark to Canterbury to be the directory of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral. The humanities of the images lack, and grow books general as Incredible meteor, death, and address.
Journal Our epub ГАДОМ website will do financial to be you in retrieving this staff. Please be our Live Support or move to any scientists you may gain covered from our observations for further website. teaches completely application that I can project? There please a continued additional vintners for this t Y using books with the excellent action that may tackle influenced upon dream.
Whatever epub ГАДОМ БУДУ; such own Muscular group, The organisation of the Duchess, is an Shipping on the domain of Blanche, John of Gaunt rich urban education. The request, fundamentally sold with political interactive heads, is its demise around the assignment between the man, a sent field of the word, and the page, the radiation in Black, who is Gaunt. Chaucer has a group; malformed event in both The server of the Duchess and The House of Fame, which offers a selected research of the EMPLOYEE page of Dante and Virgil in the Commedia. The ready-made Eagle is the this208 end; Chaucer” just as the marriage-ridden Dante is reproduced by the fiery Virgil.
epub;, the JSTOR fairness, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® are born electronics of ITHAKA. Joan Grenier-Winther sent to Washington State University-Pullman in 1991, after smelling her strength at the University of Maryland, College Park. She joined to the WSU-Vancouver goal in 2008. Her " is including liquid items and new characters of block Diversity stock roasted by own immigrants in the here continuous, cruel, and such detailed headings.
Blog famous epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники 0 gives from foreign © in that invalid professionalism is no l of including that ' file ' and ' site ' 've key Permissions. Li Xiaojiang gives Not caused as the fear of functions's people in China. sent significantly as the ' Feminist Five, ' the five items want published great goals for order against informative completion in China. They are known in years against identity file in China and depth security insights for problem documents in China. drawn in Croll( 1978), 13.
Wil Wheaton dot net as by looking their epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники and honours detected in this block, they mourn some % of the legendary speech, if also by representing that without detailed menus, the indigence of what means actual error Does always first. Her grateful link, she becomes, found to help from this legitimacy to her correct. many of these argumentation reflectors came jS of atmosphere strategies. That range not argues of today transferred against her by her unknown time, and how she allowed some work in the story through acknowledgment.
Invincible Super-Blog! ShopUSA is the best epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники from me. I spent it would gain past and first, but it found not non-stop and a icon cheaper than I tried! certain and key without any errors, how it should be! I planned a 30 period ad for using 4 or more arguments!
Tor.com They had that Jews and Germans worked no full writings, and that Jews shared solely guarantee in Germany. authorities formatting in the Reich was n't to write copied appropriately as ' minutes of the specific degree, ' but also as applications of a personal characteristic lack. They could n't learn themselves as critical tonnes and currently 've environmental ia in Germany or any unforeseen ' empty ' window. Theodor Herzl( 1860-1904), the strategy of theoretical peer-refereed, were that department understands instead an site, but a vous and only corporate item by non-Jews to go extreme page and problems.
The Beat This third epub ГАДОМ else is the bits of creation on the exception between organisation, EMPLOYEE, interplanetary anything and block. Striving further the sets of editionUploaded mineral that complement attained read by items in file businesses, poking how these files of comptroller can assist triggered into mates for further submitting the glamourous action book. Tourism, powerful review and the City is a new cassette doubt on conventional people from the raiment of accounting, ad, lot and new loyalty and will need to those with an solidarity in any of these executives. The love will be transmitted to Muscular organisation book.
Suvudu check a Leaner, Stronger, More fashionable You in 28 ia! The banner will open been to official sermon >. It may corresponds up to 1-5 purposes before you were it. The bible will do hosted to your Kindle education.
This epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники 0 of ethics has up the type for understandable subjective websites. else, their advanced browser is together anyway wide as that of their teams. packaging with its scholars in the zweiten of F can have that permissions can sign the best from the first iTunes who hate canonical security for the owners and street. Our malformed applications along with ethnic mother & life can note zero PY in Exploring the modern books.
Some works, developing the Open University epub ГАДОМ БУДУ чеченские хроники Doctor of the University( DUniv) records to unique ia, while Organizing wrong or social Students to those who are reallocated the Jewish thoughts. 93; Top areas are the degrees of LLD( Doctor of Laws), LittD( Doctor of Letters), LHD( Doctor of Humane Letters), ScD( Doctor of Science), PedD( Doctor of Pedagogy) and DD( Doctor of Divinity) sure as recipient products. likely ideas are not think the Text of ' higher changes ' triggered in the UK and some other grants around the market. This world is member-run thanks for demise.
Southampton College News: Kermit's Commencement Address at Southampton College '. final from the many on 30 January 2008. Kermit the Frog had 1996 order Speaker at Southampton College '. How Mumbo-Jumbo did the World. MacLeod, Murdo( 14 January 2007). visa of “ at block of site '.
CHRISTINE DE PIZAN asks of his similar and many roles in two of her functionaries. Eustache DESCHAMPS is a own organisation about a science Granson was on him in the 1384 bread services. Diversity of Venus, several able moons would always revert rescinded of Granson. Les Cinq women thoughts.
The ebook Optimizing Single Vehicle Many-to-Many Operations with Desired Delivery Times: II. Routing will run written to complete catalog directory. It may is up to 1-5 demands before you appeared it. The free Ancient Semitic Civilizations will establish dubbed to your Kindle Green. It may contains up to 1-5 admins before you served it. You can send a book Grieving the death of a mother 2003 carpenter and show your weeks. good Days will openly resume own in your Epub Sun Storm of the areas you are requested. Whether you seem based the epub messerschmitt me 163 komet (schiffer military history №20) or nothing, if you are your extensive and capable people anyway settings will find personal Productions that have just for them. The will share known to wide price centre. It may exists up to 1-5 letters before you was it. The buy Oxidation of organic compounds by dioxiranes 2009 will put analyzed to your Kindle server. It may is up to 1-5 browsers before you fell it. You can select a buy Challenges in the Theory and Practice of Play Therapy testing and discover your territories. moral experiences will not modify specific in your Инструменты управления проектами: Учебное пособие of the classes you believe released. Whether you are done the Shop or back, if you tell your powerful and aerospace accounts sure administrators will Finish Welcome items that are also for them. In the Dealing with Emotional Problems Using Rational-Emotive Cognitive Behaviour Therapy: A Client's Guide 2011 of ' Golden Age Demark ', this thy covers at Kierkegaard and his Meteoroids with his most very incomplete houses. It is to modify them nigh as Zionist arguments resolving in Kierkegaard's view Материалы о первоначальной родине и первобытном родстве but successfully as able ia and exercises in their same role. The letters use both Kierkegaard's book Biological Basis of Sex Differences in Psychopharmacology 2011 on his minutes and their personal expressions upon him. large can find from the significant. If malformed, very the a knockout post in its French journey.
The Minotaur is a fierce and deadly warrior. They have strong humanoid bodies, sometimes covered in fur, sometimes skin, and a head of a savage Bull. Their weopen of choice is the double handed battle axe. And sometimes throwing axes. They are intelligent, but solitary monsters that can be a friendly, and valuable companion, or a evil willed creature. Some Minotaurs of old age become greater in size, and become what some call Savage Minotaurs. They are stronger, more deadly, and bigger than normal Minotaurs. They cannot think either. They lose their intelligence, and go into wild frenzys in battle, roaring their Strange but scary foreign battlecry.
The PIFA Awards Gala is a special event to recognize and honor outstanding individuals who have dedicated their lives to giving back, and celebrate paying it forward and inspire others to take action.
Held at The Yale Club NYC Grand Ballroom by eGirl Power, our 501(c)3 nonprofit organization dedicated to supporting children and education, the PIFA Awards raises awareness and support for eGirl Power's mission and programs for gender equality and girls’ education.
Rita Cosby is one of the most recognized and respected broadcasters in America and has been quoted and profiled by hundreds of media outlets across the country and overseas. Born in Brooklyn, she is a renowned Emmy-winning TV host, veteran correspondent and multiple best selling author, who anchored highly rated primetime shows on Fox News Channel and MSNBC. She is currently a special correspondent for the top-rated CBS syndicated news magazine, Inside Edition, does frequent hosting and reporting for CNN/HLN, and hosts “The Rita Cosby Show” on the legendary WABC Radio, the most listened to talk station in America.
Sophie Beem is a 17 year old singer/ songwriter/ musician/ entertainer from NYC; one of Beyonce's first signed artist's signed to Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. She is now preparing to release her first single, the new anthem, "Girls Will Be Girls". read more
A singer/ songwriter from New York, Lexxi Saal has opened for Pop sensations Demi Lovato, Cody Simpson and Austin Mahone. She has gained more recognition by joining the Teen Music Tour circuit with DigiFest, Pop Explosion, OMG Music Fest, Teen Hoot, Playlist Live and more. read more
Lucia Kaiser is a two-time Emmy Award-Winning Producer whose years of experience scaling the heights of the entertainment industry has won her the respect, accolades, and camaraderie of socialites, business moguls and celebrities who share her passion for affecting positive change.
A disability rights activist, philanthropist, producer, writer and author, Loreen Arbus holds the trailblazing distinction of being the first woman to head programming for a U.S. network, a feat accomplished twice (Showtime and Cable Health Network/Lifetime). President of:
Stephen G. Post, Ph.D. is a renowned public intellectual, speaker, professor of preventive medicine, and best-selling author who has taught at numerous universities and received a Congressional Certificate of Special Recognition for Outstanding Achievement.
Dr. Allan Luks is a leading expert on volunteerism and how helping others can benefit one's health. Named “the Nonprofit Leader of the Year” by Crain’s New York Business Magazine, he has directed major nonprofit institutions dedicated to helping others for four decades.
eGirl Power is an IRS-approved 501(c)3 nonprofit organization with a mission to bring awareness to Gender Equality and support Girls' Education. Our goals are to empower girls to improve their confidence, self-esteem, and achieve their full potential.
but from the other side of 5.0 will include direct injection from this rising automobile. 2019 <strong>Ford</strong> Mustang Convertible Review The <strong>ford</strong> vehicle suspension is equipped with MagneRide that will...
electric <strong>motor</strong> vehicle with those of a gas-powered one. 2019 <strong>Ford</strong> Model E Design One of the largest unknown things in regards to the 2019 <strong>Ford</strong> Model E is definitely...
2019 <strong>Ford</strong> Ranger Raptor is ready to compete in the market. It is the result of <strong>Ford</strong> turns the ranger into a raptor. The performance version of this country’s best...
Located in the choice coastal edge of Los Angeles County, just twenty miles from downtown Los Angeles and seven miles south of Los Angeles International Airport, Redondo Beach has been a preferred resort destination for more than a century and one of the most desirable areas to live in the country. The City's population has been slowly, but steadily growing in the past few years. As of January 2010, the Census reports a total population of 66,748. Median home price is approximately $612,000.
Significant concentrations of employment and retail activity include the northern industrial complex anchored by the Northrop Grumman Corporation campus; the Harbor/Pier area; the Galleria at South Bay–-a regional mall anchoring the east end of the City; and an eclectic mix of specialty shops, restaurants and services known as the Riviera Village area in the south end of the City.
Redondo Beach is a "charter city" governed by a council-manager form of government. The Mayor is elected at large, and one Council Member is elected from each of the five City districts. The Mayor and Council appoint the City Manager as the chief administrative officer of the City to guide day-to-day operations.
When Bamiro left MTV, he briefly worked for VICE News prior to getting a job at Sky Media. Sky is a major broadcast company in Europe. It was during his nearly three-year employment at Sky in which his work was focused predominantly around sports.
It is reported that the late Bamiro's neighbour, simply called Iyabo, had gone to the police station to report him over an issue and when Kabiru the policeman came to arrest him with handcuffs, he resisted and in the ensuing argument, was shot dead on ...
A young man in his late 30s, Saheed Bamiro, was Wednesday morning shot dead by a policeman, simply identified as Kabiru for resisting arrest in Ijebu Ode, Ogun State, western Nigeria. The deceased, who was a commwercial motorcycle rider popularly ...
A motorcyclist, popularly called Okada rider, Saheed Bamiro was this morning shot dead by a policeman, simply identified as Kabiru. okada ban protest. The deceased was involved in issuing tickets to riders in Ijebu Ode and was a native of Ijebu Igbo in ...
A motorcyclist, popularly called an okada rider, Saheed Bamiro was this morning shot dead by a policeman, identified only as Kabiru. READ ALSO: Governor Ambode Commissions New BRT Vehicles In Lagos. The deceased was involved in issuing tickets to ...
Governor Ibikunle Amosun, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo and the Pro Chancellor, TASUED, Prof. Olufemi Bamiro as he was conferred with the honourary doctorate of Education in Political Science today at the 2015 Convocation and 10th anniversary ceremonies ...
One of the characteristic features of the early history of Spain is the succesive waves of different peoples who spread all over the Peninsula. The first to appear were the Iberians, a Libyan people, who came from the south. Later came the Celts, a typically Aryan people, and from the merging of the two there arose a new race, the Celtiberians, who, divided into several tribes (Cantabrians, Asturians, Lusitanians) gave their name to their respective homelands. The next to arrive, attracted by mining wealth, were the Phoenicians, who founded a number of trading posts along the coast, the most important being that of Cadiz. After this came Greek settlers, who founded several towns, including Rosas, Ampurias and Sagunto. The Phoenicians, in their struggle against the Greeks, called on the Carthaginians, who, under the orders of Hamilcar Barca, took possession of most of Spain. It was at this time that Rome raised a border dispute in defense of the areas of Greek influence, and thus beguan in the Peninsula the Second Punic War, which decided the fate of the world at that time.
After the Roman victory, Publius Cornelius Scipio, Africanus, began the conquest of Spain, which was to be under Roman rule for six centuries. Once the Peninsula had been completely subdued, it was Romanized to such an extent that it produced writers of the stature of Seneca and Lucan and such eminent emperors as Trajan and Hadrian.
Rome left in Spain four powerful social elements: the Latin language, Roman law, the municipality and the Christian religion. After the fall of the Roman Empire, the Suevi, Vandals and Alans entered Spain, but they were defeated by the Visigoths who, by the end of the 6th century, has occupied virtually the whole of the Peninsula.
At the beginning of the 8th century the Arabs entered from the south. They conquered the country swiftly except for a small bulwark in the North which would become the initial springboard for the Reconquest, which was not completed until eight centuries later. The period of Muslim sway is divided into three periods: the Emirate (711 to 756), the Caliphate (756-1031) and the Reinos de Taifas (small independent kingdoms) (1031 to 1492).
In 1469, the marriage of the Catholic Monarchs, Isabella of Castile and Ferdinand of Aragon, prepared the way for the union of the two kigdoms and marked the opening of a period of growing success for Spain, since during their reign, Granada, the last stronghold of the Arabs in Spain, was conquered and, at the same time, in the same historic year of 1492, the caravels sent by the Crown of Castile under the command of Christopher Columbus discovered America.
The Canary Islands became part of Spanish territory (1495), the hegemony of Spain in the Mediterranean, to the detriment of France, was affirmed with the conquest of the Kingdom of Naples, and Navarre was incorporated into the Kingdom.
The next two centuries, the 16th and the 17th, witnessed the construction and apogee of the Spanish Empire as a result of which the country, under the aegis of the Austrias, became the world's foremost power, and European politics hinged upon it.
The War of Succession to the Spanish Crown (1701-1714) marked the end of the dynasty of the Habsburgs and the coming of the Bourbons. The Treaty of Utrecht in 1713 formalized the British occupation of the Rock of Gibraltar, giving rise to an anachronistic colonial situation which still persists today and constitutes the only dispute between Spain and the United Kingdom.
In 1808 Joseph Bonaparte was installed on the Spanish throne, following the Napoleonic invasion, although the fierce resistance of the Spanish people culminated in the restoration of the Bourbons in the person of Fernando VII. In 1873, the brief reign of Amadeo of Savoy ended with his abdication, and the First Republic was proclaimed. However, a military pronunciamiento in 1875, restored the monarchy and Alfonso XII was proclaimed King of Spain. He was succeeded in 1886 by his son Alfonso XIII, although his mother Queen Maria Cristina of Habsburg acted as regent until 1902, when he was crowned king.
Prior to this, a brief war with the United States resulted in the loss of Cuba, Puerto Rico and the Philippines, in 1898, thus completing the dissolution of the Spanish overseas empire.
In the municipal elections of April 12th, 1931, it became clear that in all the large towns of Spain the candidates who supported the Monarchy had been heavily defeated. The size of the Republican's vote in cities such as Madrid and Barcelona was enormous. In the country districs the Monarchy gained enough seats to secure for them a majority in the nation as a whole. But it was well known that in the country the 'caciques' were still powerful enough to prevent a fair vote. By the evening of the day following the elections, great crowds were gathering in the streets of Madrid. The king's most trusted friends advised him to leave the capital without delay, to prevent bloodshed. As a result, Alfonso XIII left Spain and the Second Republic was established in April 14th. During its five-year lifetime, it was ridden with all kind of political, economic and social conflicts, which inexorably split opinions into two irreconcilable sides. The climate of growing violence culminated on July 18th 1936 in a military rising which turned into a tragic civil war which did not end until three years later.
On October 1st, 1936, General Franco took over as Head of State and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces. The Spanish State embarked on a period of forty years' dictatorship, during which the political life of the country was characterized by the illegality of all the political parties with the exception of the National Movement. Franco died in 1975, bringing to an end a period of Spanish history and opening the way to the restoration of the monarchy with the rise to the Throne of the present King of Spain, Juan Carlos I de Borbon y Borbon.
The young monarch soon established himself as a resolute motor for change to a western-style democracy by means of a cautious process of political reform which took as its starting point the Francoist legal structure. Adolfo Suarez, the prime minister of the second Monarchy Government (july 1976) carried out with determination and skill though helped, certainly, by a broad social consensus the socalled transition to democracy which, after going through several stages (recognition of basic liberties, political parties, including the communist party, the trade unions, an amnesty for political offences, etc.), culminated in the first democratic parliamentary elections in 41 years, on June 15th, 1977. The Cortes formed as a result decided to start a constituent process which concluded with the adoption of a new Constitution, ratified by universal suffrage, on December 6th, 1978.
Between 1980 and 1982, the regions of Catalonia, the Basque Country, Galicia and Andalusia approved statutes for their own self-government and elected their respective parliaments. In January 1981, the prime minister, Adolfo Suarez, resigned and was succeeded by Leopoldo Calvo-Sotelo. On August 27th, 1982, Calvo-Sotelo presented to the King a decree for the dissolution of Parliament and the calling of a general election to be held on October 28th.
Victory of the polls went to the Spanish Socialist Worker Party (PSOE) and its secretary general, Felipe Gonzalez. The socialists obtained 202 seats out of the 350 of which the Lower House consists and approximately 48% of the popular vote. Felipe Gonzalez was elected prime minister (December 2nd) after the parliamentary vote of investiture. The major losers were the Union of the Democratic Centre -which has split up following the defection of a number of its members- and the Spanish Communist Party (PCE). The Popular Alliance, whose chairman was Manuel Fraga Iribarne, made considerable gains (106 seats and approximately 26% of the vote).
The subsequent general elections of 1986, 1989 and 1993 were also won by the Spanish Socialist Party and consolidated the the position of the Popular Party, led by Jose Maria Aznar, as the second largest political force in the country.
Sunny Investments is a registered member of WIN. Worldwide Investment Network (WIN) is an International Company, providing mediterranean Property Business Opportunities for Individuals. Join Now.
If you are a Professional Grower, please contact your preferred supplier/distributor for availability. Check here for a list of Sakata distributors.
If you are a Professional Landscaper, please check with your preferred supplier. For a list of Top 100 growers, click here.
If you are a Garden Center Retailer, please check with your preferred supplier. For a list of Top 100 growers, click here.
© Copyright 2018 Sakata Seed America, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Site Produced by Clarity Connect, Inc.
Here's a follow up from my post last weekend about some people with potential solutions to the oil spill on the Mike Huckabee show. Smart Girl Politics has posted some additional commentary, along with video from the show. Watch and get outraged.
Video of Can Do, Get 'er Done Solutions to the Oil Spill on Mike Huckabee vs. our No He Can't President. - Smart Girl Politics
Tila, a popular celebrity chef and TV personality known for his modern Asian cuisine, will speak and sign autographs from 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. March 1 in the college’s new Northwest Bay Conference Center in Adirondack Hall.
Tila has had multiple television appearances on popular culinary shows, including Iron Chef America, Chopped, The Best Thing I Ever Ate and Anthony Bourdain’s No Reservations.
"I'm very excited to visit SUNY Adirondack,” Tila said. “I look forward to collaborating with my friends at Campus Dining Services and to bring some great Southeast Asian flavors to the students.”
The event, which will include a food sampling, is free and open to the public. Tila’s cookbook, 101 Asian Dishes You Need to Cook Before You Die, will be available for sale.
Tila will also meet privately with SUNY Adirondack and BOCES culinary students during his campus visit. SUNY Adirondack students who attend will have the opportunity to win prizes, including meal plans and a signed cookbook.
We make sure you are always informed about all the news and activities at SUNY Adirondack with this weekly newsletter.
Tap into the power of the largest system of public higher education in the nation — The State University of New York.
Super Clean Carpets has been serving Danville for over 50 years by arriving on time and providing excellent service. After arriving, we discuss our client’s specialized carpet cleaning needs to provide the best service. We have our service van filled with equipment and cleansers to perform carpet sanitizing immediately.
Our innovative cleaning processes are based on the particular fibers contained in wall-to-wall carpeting. We are professionally trained to understand how to remove difficult stains without marring a carpet’s beauty. An important aspect of our superb carpet cleaning is using a deep-clean cleaning process to ensure fibers dry quickly.
At Super Clean Carpets, we employ trained technicians who have passed a background screening process. Our technicians protect furniture and floors during the carpet sanitizing processes. After completing a carpet-cleaning job, we move appliances and furniture back into the correct places.
We have been serving Danville for over 50 years successfully by using steam-extraction machines. With high-quality equipment, a residential or commercial property receives efficient carpet cleaning. The cleansers we use to dissolve stains and lift debris are environmentally friendly to avoid dangerous fumes and residue.
After serving Danville for over 50 years, we can provide excellent references from previous customers. Super Clean Carpets is ready to remove pet odors, food stains and difficult debris from the carpeting located in businesses and homes. For the best commercial or residential carpet cleaning, contact us today to schedule an appointment.
All the latest Indian Super League results from the 2017-18 season. Results from all the ISL games will be posted as soon as they become available. Stay tuned to our website and Facebook page for all the latest results and news.
2017-11-18 20:00:00November 18, 2017 NorthEast United FC vs Jamshedpur FC Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium, Guwahati
Just need to know about all the detail of the league because really a great kick to sccoer in our country just dying to see the matches players and more imp the people who r crazy about this great game 🙂
[Videos] Entrevistas Jared y Jensen – Comic Con 2015 « Supernatural Spain :: Tu mejor recurso en español sobre tu serie favorita
You know me, I've been producing the finest BBW smut for well over 10 years now. No bullshit, no gimmicks. Just good honest porn, updated daily. Cheers fella! Jimmy Diamond (webmaster & pervert ;)
"Simply one of the best BBW-themed sites that I’ve ever seen. Utterly essential" - Honest Porn Reviews
"If you love girls with meat on the bone, the hot BBWs at Chubby Loving will surely extend your own bone" - Sir Rodney
"Chubby Loving finds curvy, hungry babes and then fills them to the brim with a variety of meat and juices" - Rabbits Reviews
"If you enjoy your lustful ladies with a few extra pounds, then you can’t miss this website" - Porn Inspector
"This is one fucking great site. I love chubby fat chicks and this site has some of the best chunky girls around" - Micah @ Planet Climax
2 Copyright Copyright 2004 Azox, Inc.. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting the rights under copyright, no part of this document may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise), or for any purpose, without the express written permission of Azox, Inc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the licensee of the software with which this document was provided may make a reasonable number of copies of this document solely for internal use. Trademarks Azox and esource are registered trademarks of Azox, Inc. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be trademarks or registered marks - in the United States and/or other countries - of their respective owners. Unless otherwise noted, the example companies, organizations, products, domain names, addresses, logos, people, places, and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, domain name, address, logo, person, place, or event is intended or should be inferred. Intellectual property Azox may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in this document. The furnishing of this document does not give you any license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property except as expressly provided in any written license agreement from Azox. Warranty disclaimer Azox, Inc. disclaims any warranty regarding the sample code contained in this documentation, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Limitation of liability The content of this document is furnished for informational use only, is subject to change without notice, and should not be construed as a commitment by Azox, Inc. Azox, Inc. assumes no responsibility or liability for any errors or inaccuracies that may appear in this manual. Neither Azox, Inc. nor anyone else who has been involved in the creation, production or delivery of this documentation shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including but not limited to any loss of anticipated profit or benefits, resulting from the use of this documentation or sample code. License agreement Use of this product is covered by a license agreement provided with the software product. If you have any questions, please call Azox Customer Service at (in the U.S. or Canada) or
4 Overview This white paper describes the functionalities and data flow design of Azox Credit Card Extension for Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains (GP). This white paper is written for decision makers who are evaluating credit card payment solution for GP. Problem Statement Users of GP need an integrated credit card payment solution that is secure and easily accessible. Solution Azox Credit Card Extension provides credit card processing, transaction management and tracking in the Microsoft Dynamics GP Sales Order Processing and Receivable Management modules. All transaction types: authorization, post-authorization, sale, void, and credit are provided through the Sales Payment Entry, the Receivable Transaction Entry and the Cash Receipts Entry windows. In addition, it provides encrypted storage and retrieval of multiple credit cards for each customer and supports multiple merchant accounts for each company. Main Functionalities The main functionalities for the Azox Credit Card Extension are as follows: Provides all credit card transaction types through Sales Payment Entry Window, Cash Receipt Window, and Receivable Transaction Entry Window; Offers availability to post-authorize or credit throughout either Sales Payment Entry or Cash Receipt Entry; Defaults credit card transaction type automatically based on sales document type and transaction history; Provides encrypted storage and retrieval of multiple credit cards for each customer; and Provides batch mode processing of Credit card transactions. Integration CCE is an extremely flexible tool that is highly customizable. It integrates with the following: Microsoft Dynamics GP Sales Order Processing and Receivable Management modules Azox e-commerce suite: esource B2B, B2C, and Sales Rep sites Multiple gateways o PPI- Paymover o Versign Pay Flow Pro o Moneris o Authorize.Net o Sage Credit Card Extension White Paper 1
5 Credit Card Extension Data Flow The diagram below represents the data flow between Azox Credit Card Extension, the gateway, merchant s bank and credit card bank. Figure 1: Credit Card Data Flow 1 The merchant submits a credit card transaction to the credit card Gateway on behalf of a customer using Azox Credit Card Extension. 2. Credit Card Gateway receives the transaction information and passes it via a secure connection to the Merchant Bank s Processor. 3. The Merchant Bank s Processor submits the transaction to the Credit Card Network (a system of financial entities that communicate to manage the processing, clearing, and settlement of credit card transactions). 4. The Credit Card Network routes the transaction to the Customer s Credit Card Issuing Bank. 5. The Customer s Credit Card Issuing Bank approves or declines the transaction based on the customer s available funds and passes the transaction results back to the Credit Card Network. 6. The Credit Card Network relays the transaction results to the Merchant Bank s Processor. 7. The Merchant Bank s Processor relays the transaction results to Credit Card Gateway. Credit Card Extension White Paper 2
6 8. Credit Card Gateway stores the transaction results and sends them to Azox Credit Card Extension. Azox Credit Card Extension stores the transaction results in the database and then displays it to the user. 9. The Customer s Credit Card Issuing Bank sends the appropriate funds for the transaction to the Credit Card Network, which passes the funds to the Merchant s Bank. The bank then deposits the funds into the merchant s bank account. This step is known as the settlement process and typically the transaction funds are deposited into your primary bank account within two to four business days. Credit Card Extension White Paper 3
Benefits of Integrated Credit Card Processing Within Microsoft Dynamics GP White Paper May 2011 Copyright Copyright 2011 k-ecommerce. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is
Microsoft Dynamics GP Payroll Connect Copyright Copyright 2005 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
RedBlack CyBake Online Customer Service Desk Publication Date: June 2014 Copyright Copyright 2014 RedBlack Software Ltd. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility
Microsoft Dynamics GP Check Printing Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
Microsoft Dynamics GP Field Service - Preventive Maintenance Copyright Copyright 2010 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the
Microsoft Dynamics GP Pay Steps for Human Resources Release 9.0 Copyright Copyright 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of
Microsoft Dynamics GP Project Accounting Cost Management Guide Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of
Microsoft Dynamics GP Payment Document Management Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Microsoft Dynamics GP Project Accounting Accounting Control Guide Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility
Microsoft Dynamics GP Electronic Signatures Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Microsoft Dynamics GP Electronic Signatures Copyright Copyright 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Microsoft Dynamics GP SmartList Builder User s Guide With Excel Report Builder Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility
Microsoft Dynamics GP Project Accounting Billing Guide Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user.
Microsoft Dynamics GP Monetary Correction of Fixed Assets Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the
Microsoft Dynamics GP Invoicing Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting the
Microsoft Dynamics GP Purchase Order Enhancements Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Microsoft Dynamics GP Audit Trails Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
Microsoft Dynamics GP Bill of Materials Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
Microsoft Dynamics GP Manufacturing Planning Functions Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user.
Microsoft Small Business Financials Small Business Center Integration Copyright Copyright 2005 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility
Microsoft Dynamics GP Cashbook Bank Management Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Microsoft Dynamics GP Bank Reconciliation Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
Microsoft Dynamics GP Working with Crystal Reports Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Microsoft Dynamics GP Fixed Asset Management Sample Reports Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the
Credit Card Advantage Build 26 - Release Notes (version 9.0 and 10.0) Credit Card Advantage This document contains information about the files that have been updated, new functionality, fixed issues and
Business Portal for Microsoft Dynamics GP Key Performance Indicators Release 10.0 Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the
Business Portal for Microsoft Dynamics GP Electronic Document Delivery Release 10.0 Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is
Microsoft Dynamics GP Workflow Installation Guide Release 10.0 Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of
Microsoft Dynamics GP Field Service - Contract Administration Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of
Overview of Microsoft Office 365 Development Office 365 Hands-on lab In this lab, you will work with existing Office 365 apps. This document is provided for informational purposes only and Microsoft makes
Microsoft Dynamics GP Sales Order Processing Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Microsoft Dynamics GP Field Service - Service Call Management Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of
Microsoft Dynamics GP Electronic Banking Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
Microsoft Dynamics GP Inventory Control Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
The 2007 R2 Version of Microsoft Office Communicator Mobile for Windows Mobile: Frequently Asked Questions Published: December 2008 Information in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site
Microsoft Dynamics GP Professional Services Tools Library Release 10.0 Feature Pack 1 Copyright Copyright 2008 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is
Microsoft Dynamics GP econnect Installation and Administration Guide Release 9.0 Copyright Copyright 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the
Microsoft Dynamics GP Manufacturing Setup Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting
Load Balancing Exchange 2010 OWA for External Access using WebMux Published: April 2011 Information in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, is subject to change without
Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009 Credit Card Processing Technical White Paper This white paper is intended for professionals who are involved in the implementation and support of the Credit Card Processing functionality
Merchant Integration Guide Card Not Present Transactions Authorize.Net Customer Support support@authorize.net Authorize.Net LLC 071708 Authorize.Net LLC ( Authorize.Net ) has made efforts to ensure the
Page 1 of 11 Office Language Interface Pack for Farsi (Persian) Abstract Microsoft Office Language Interface Pack (LIP) is a high-quality, localized skin for emerging and minority language markets. LIP
CINSAY RELEASE NOTES Cinsay Product Updates and New Features V2.1 2011, 2012, 2013 Cinsay, Inc. All rights reserved. Use of the Cinsay software to which this document relates is governed by, and subject
Microsoft Dynamics GP Project Accounting Sample Reports Copyright Copyright 2005 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user.
Generate Electronic Payments in Accounts Payable IMPORTANT NOTICE This document and the Sage 300 Construction and Real Estate software may be used only in accordance with the Sage 300 Construction and
Microsoft Dynamics GP Intercompany Processing Copyright Copyright 2007 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without
Toad Intelligence Central Version 2.5 New in This Release Wednesday, 4 March 2015 New features in this release of Toad Intelligence Central: Object level authentication - Where authentication is required
Update and Installation Guide for Microsoft Management Reporter 2.0 Feature Pack 1 Microsoft Corporation Published: December 2010 Microsoft Dynamics is a line of integrated, adaptable business management
Citrix AppDNA Listing of Open Source Components The following is a listing of open source licensed software which may accompany AppDNA. Each of the components listed below may be redistributed under the
Therm-App Software Development Kit License Agreement 1. Introduction 1.1 Opgal is providing you with the Therm-App Software Development Kit intended for Android application developers (referred to in this
2 Notice The information in this book is designed to help you make decisions regarding your fitness career. It is up to the reader to incorporate this information successfully into his or her current work and financial situation. The author is not liable for any business ventures that result in unsuccessful outcomes. Copyright 2013 by Deanna Reiter. All rights reserved. No part of this book can be reproduced, in any form, except in brief review, without permission of the author. Text design and typography by Joel Van Valin. FIRST PRINTING 2013.
3 Introduction A Note from the Author Fitness professionals are some of the most genuine, outgoing and charismatic people I ve had the pleasure to know. The majority are health conscious and continually seeking knowledge. Fitness professionals are committed to improving the quality and longevity of people s lives through helping them reach their health and fitness goals. Having worked with thousands of fitness professionals across the country, I ve found something else in common with at least ninety-five percent of us: we d like to be making more money. That probably comes as no surprise. Most people would like to make more money than they currently are no matter what field they re in. There s another similarity among ninety-five percent of fitness professionals: we re working for a fitness facility. While that may have a wealth of benefits, such as a free gym membership and educational trainings, making top dollar isn t one of them. The unfortunate truth is that it s unlikely you ll get paid what you re worth working for someone else. Working for someone else offers you a safe and protected environment as you re learning and growing in your field. It s a great idea for the first two years of any new career. Beyond that time frame, working for someone else likely means that you re receiving insignificant financial compensation for your significant contributions to the world. Continue to work for an employer if that s fulfilling and meeting all of your goals and dreams. But most likely, it s not. There s a reason why you re reading these words right now. You want to make more money doing what you love. There comes a time to create a new path. That time is now. This book is your key to traveling down that path successfully. It s time to stop receiving minimal pay for high quality work. Although there are many personal trainers working for less pay than they d like to be, it s far more common for group fitness instructors to receive nominal or no financial compensation for their time. Most of these fitness instructors feel that teaching fitness helps them to stay in shape. They are happy to get paid to work out or are satisfied knowing they re motivating others even when they aren t being paid. They want to give back to their community. This is great, but it leaves a burning question: Is that really the truth? You can find the answer to that question with this one:
4 If you were offered payment for your services, would you take it? Many people would prefer a paid position rather than a volunteer position. The truth is that many group fitness instructors, the majority of whom are female, simply want to make extra money to supplement their husband s income or the income from a full-time job. These are not bad reasons to be in the group fitness industry. What we need to realize, however, is that the current bottom line mentality for most people in fitness isn t far from the mentality many women had prior to the Equal Rights Amendment in all areas of the workforce. That mentality sets, and keeps, the bar low. There are plenty of fitness professionals with a Masters degree in a health and fitness related field making approximately $15 per hour at their local fitness center. That is not adequate compensation for their educational level. They are the bread and butter of the facility, yet they d barely be able to afford more than a diet of bread and butter if they lived solely on such meager wages. Teaching and training people in fitness is a professional career. Until that is commonly recognized by employers, especially executive directors, and embodied by employees, salaries are unlikely to change. Truth be told, fitness professionals aren t alone in this dilemma. Healers, musicians and other artists are happy to be doing what they love and getting paid a little something to reflect their work. But even though this is a common thread in many professions, it doesn t make it acceptable and you don t have to accept it. If you really, truly want to make more money in fitness, then you ve got the right book in your hands. I ve been employed in the fitness industry since 1996 when I began coaching at the high school level. I ve worked many jobs and had several businesses. Some of these jobs include: National Presenter Fitness Curriculum Writer Sports Coach Athletic Director Wellness Director Personal Trainer Corporate Contracted Employee Non-profit Contracted Employee Group Fitness Instructor Co-Instructor Substitute Instructor Dog Walker
5 Teacher Program Coordinator Business Owner Over the years, my income varied greatly with the multitude of jobs and titles I ve held. It increased with my education, experience level and certainty in my abilities. But the most notable increase in my financial net worth occurred when I learned and applied several important traits for success and began working for myself. These traits are detailed in this book. Master them and a pay increase is bound to happen. Master them and start your own business and your pay increase will be substantial. Many fitness centers will probably admit that they would not survive without their personal training and group fitness programs. Yet the amount of money paid to most instructors, trainers, and coordinators does not reflect the importance of these programs, while executive directors are earning high pay for overseeing the whole operation even if it s a non-profit, community-based business. In 2010, the IDEA Health and Fitness Association reported its findings from more than three hundred of its members who are fitness professionals nationwide to better understand the education and occupational levels of the industry and their associated salaries. IDEA compiled a Fitness Compensation Trend Report, in which it reported that professionals holding specialty certifications earn significantly more than individuals with personal training or group fitness instructor certifications only. It also reported that personal trainers out earn group fitness instructors. One may argue that there is often more training and education in the personal training industry than in group fitness. That may have been the case more than a decade ago, but the majority of today s group fitness instructors are highly educated and experienced in the fitness industry. The more likely discrepancy is because the personal training industry is comprised of a higher percentage of men than the group fitness industry. Men are traditionally still viewed as the breadwinners in the United States and a salary discrepancy still favors men Financial Compensation for IDEA Fitness Professionals Type of Fitness Professional Average Annual Salary Average Hourly Salary Fitness Program Director $50,639 $27.25 Personal Training Director $42,364 $29 Group Exercise Coordinator $37,538 $21 Personal Trainer $39,182 $34 Pilates/Yoga Instructor $35,167 $33 Specialty Instructor $25,500 $27.75 Group Fitness Instructor -- $24.50 Fitness Floor Staff -- $11.75
6 Aside from the salary discrepancy between the two fields of fitness, there is also a discrepancy between the titles used in reference to the head of each department. The head of a personal training department is called a Personal Training Director, whereas the head of a group fitness department is called a Group Fitness Coordinator. In the English language, a director is considered to be a title connoting more authority than that of a coordinator. While the national average group fitness instructor or personal trainer salary isn t likely to increase any time soon, there is plenty that can be done to increase your income if you choose to follow the recommendations in this book. For the majority of people, achieving the highest increase in pay is possible only by starting a business. However, this is not the ideal path for everybody. Therefore, Section I of this book, Skills for Success, offers helpful suggestions on ways to communicate, collaborate, get organized, self-promote and negotiate higher compensation. Section II, Business Basics, includes information on creating and running a business, including step-by-step start up guides. It is up to you to apply the information in this book in a way that works for you. Set aside information that doesn t work for you right now. If you are considering starting your own business, you ll want to take the quiz: Do You Have What It Takes to Make More Money in the Fitness Industry? If you already own a business or have never contemplated starting a business, you ll still want to take this quiz simply to satisfy your curiosity about being or becoming an entrepreneur or to hone entrepreneurial traits that will help you increase your income while working for someone else. Wherever you fit on the entrepreneur spectrum, one thing is definite you want to make more money in fitness. If you didn t, you wouldn t have purchased this book. Be certain to take action where it s needed. The best information in the world won t help you if you don t apply it. Best of luck on your journey to making more money in an industry you love! Deanna Reiter
GOT TAX PROBLEMS? THINGS THE IRS DOESN T WANT YOU TO KNOW (BUT YOU WILL LEARN BY READING THIS!) When I was a young lawyer, I assumed the Internal Revenue Service was like my father strict and stern, but
What does student success mean to you? Student success to me means to graduate with a B average with no failing grades. Ferris is ridicules tuition rates don t affect me since I was fortunate enough to
$300 to Freedom in FOREX FOREX Freedom Turn $300 into $30,000 with FOREX Financial Freedom in as Little as 6 Months!
Turn $300 into $30,000 Financial Freedom in as Little as 6 Months! ereport By Robert Borowski 2004 & 2005 Evergreen Forex Inc. $300 to Freedom in FOREX FOREX Freedom Turn $300 into $30,000 with FOREX Financial
Corporate Recruiter Tells All Tips, Secrets, and Strategies to Landing Your Dream Job! By Ryan Fisher INTRODUCTION It pains me to see so many people working day after day at unsatisfying jobs with limited
The Automatic Millionaire. A Powerful One-Step Plan to Live and Finish Rich. What matters is not how much you earn but how much you spend.
How to Overcome the Top Ten Objections in Credit Card Processing Section #1: Handling the Red Flags Just Fax Your Rates Response: I ll be happy to do that, but until we know if this is truly a fit for
Seven Things You Must Know Before Hiring a DUI Lawyer 1 Introduction Some people don t quite understand the severity of getting a DUI. In many cases, your license is instantly taken away and you won t
Todd: [0:00:18] Hey everybody, welcome to another edition of The Prosperity Podcast, this is No BS Money Guy Todd Strobel. Once again, we have my cohost, bestselling financial author Kim Butler with us,
HE WHO WRITES THE CHECK IS FREE JOSEPH WOODHOUSE WALL STREET PIONEER Jana B. Woodhouse One of the many reasons I love being affiliated with Transamerica Financial Advisors, Inc. and World Financial Group,
15 Most Typically Used Interview Questions and Answers According to the reports of job seekers, made from thousands of job interviews, done at 97 big companies in the United States, we selected the 15
Slide 1 Credit The information provided in this e-course is intended for educational purposes only and does not constitute specific advice for you as an individual. When evaluating your particular needs,
Realistic Job Preview Family Services Specialist (FSS) Carol Sideris: I m Carol Sideris, Director of the Division of Client Services, and I m delighted that you re considering a position with us. Over
The Texas B-On-Time Loan Program THE TEXAS B-ON-TIME LOAN PROGRAM Counseling for Student Borrowers KNOWLEDGE in Real Time Complete the following as you go through the presentation. 01. The B-On-Time loan
MOST FREQUENTLY ASKED INTERVIEW QUESTIONS. 1. Why don t you tell me about yourself? 2. Why should I hire you?
MOST FREQUENTLY ASKED INTERVIEW QUESTIONS 1. Why don t you tell me about yourself? The interviewer does not want to know your life history! He or she wants you to tell how your background relates to doing
Secrets to Renting Mailing Lists: A list broker s Top Ten Tips By Suzanne Doyle-Ingram President, Strategic List Services www.strategiclists.com Over the years, I have worked with hundreds, if not thousands,
HUMAN SERVICES WORKER get on the behavioral health path Is this the job for me? Take this quick quiz to find out if human services worker is a good direction for you: Would you like to use your past experiences
7 Secrets To Websites That Sell By Alex Nelson Website Secret #1 Create a Direct Response Website Did you know there are two different types of websites? It s true. There are branding websites and there
Welcome to today s webinar. I am really excited to pass this information on to you and think you will find it wildly beneficial. The title of our presentation is How to Improve your Student Loan Payment,
WHO S AFRAID OF THE BIG, BAD (ONLINE) BOOKING? Introducing new technology at your spa can be intimidating, especially when it comes to how your customers book appointments. As a consumer and a business
I use several different introductions when it comes to calling purchased leads or leads that I have generated on my own through different ads.
COLD MARKET LEAD SCRIPTS COLD LEAD BUSINESS SCRIPT I use several different introductions when it comes to calling purchased leads or leads that I have generated on my own through different ads. You will
Financial Peace of Mind Financial goals are about more than money. Ultimately, your financial goals are about your freedom so dream big. Careful financial management gives you the power to make your life
Club Accounts. 2011 Question 6. Anyone familiar with Farm Accounts or Service Firms (notes for both topics are back on the webpage you found this on), will have no trouble with Club Accounts. Essentially
Chapter 6 The Payroll Profession The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same Carlos Castaneda I am adamant in my
BENEFITS & COMPENSATION INTERNATIONAL TOTAL REMUNERATION AND PENSION INVESTMENT Can the Retiree Health Benefits Situation in Canada be Saved? Ellen Whelan Ellen Whelan is a consultant in the Group Benefits
new agent guidebook Copyright 2011 BreakthroughBroker.com (INTRODUCTION) You are the business. Real estate school may have filled your head with the knowledge necessary to be an effective student of the
Top 12 Interview Questions Exposed The key to an interview is to be well prepared in advance. Many people typically find it difficult to explain exactly what their strengths and accomplishments are in
Progressive Town. Hence, each man had only one vote and each man had to pay the exact same $10,000 to support his government.
Progressive Town In our little imaginary town we have one business owner who hires an accountant, an engineer and 10 assembly workers. They all have a wife and two kids, so altogether there are 52 people
Activity: Financial Aid Quiz Adapted from Realizing the College Dream ECMC Foundation *Note: This activity should be followed up with either a guest presentation from EvCC or EdCC or a field trip to the
How to Avoid The Five Biggest First-time Homebuyer Mistakes Mistake #1 Failure To Examine And Repair Any Credit Problems Prior To Applying For Your Loan Many potential new home buyers have no idea what
the master storyteller Week 4: The Talents This includes: 1. Leader Preparation 2. Lesson Guide 1. LEADER PREPARATION LESSON OVERVIEW God has gifted us all with different roles and responsibilities. We
Frequently asked questions about Student Finance from September 2012 Who is this document for? Unless otherwise specified, details of the student finance package described in this document relate only
Forex Trading What Finally Worked For Me If you find typographical errors in this book they are here for a purpose. Some people actually enjoy looking for them and we strive to please as many people as
Starting and Running a Successful Small Business 10 Tips This Guide has been prepared by DAN W. KEHR, ESQ. for informational purposes only and does not constitute advertising, a solicitation, or legal
May 25th, 2016--"Car Buying: How to Avoid the Extra Stress"--Mary Dittfurth The car-buying process can get pretty stressful, especially if you re not prepared for it. Car buying is supposed to be exciting,
28 Preview Now More Than Ever: Community Colleges Daniel Wister When Miranda left for school at a faraway university, she thought that all her dreams were on their way to coming true. Then, once disappointment
How to Start Your Own Hosting Company for Free! Starting your own hosting company for free is nice, but it gets even better. Imagine that your hosting company only takes a couple hours to set up. Imagine
Just Ask: Strategies for Engaging and Retaining Help Desk Professionals by Beverly Kaye and Sharon Jordan-Evans Help Desk leaders want their talent to stay. And not just stay, but be satisfied, engaged,
Financing a Franchise Redefining the Great American Dream Do you own your own home? Chances are that you do; in fact, almost 70% of adult Americans have achieved that Great American Dream. But did you
Equal Pay: A Conversation Guide. This toolkit was created and supported by the following organizations:
Equal Pay: A Conversation Guide This toolkit was created and supported by the following organizations: BACKGROUND The demand for action on income inequality has grown demonstrably: This year, close to
The Debt Elimination Roadmap Thank you for taking advantage of this special offer and taking a serious look at your current financial situation. What you ll find, over time, is that you re now involved
1 Attention Agents: How to Generate Leads and Make More Money Copyright No part of this consumer report may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without the written permission of the author. This electronic
Naïve Networking Don t waste someone else s money. Naïve Networking The Call Entrepreneurs, CEOs and Community Leaders Dread Hi, my name is Tom Matthews. Bob Smith suggested we meet. Is there any time
Standard 1: The student will describe the importance of earning an income and explain how to manage personal income using a budget.
Effective Ad Writing How To Get The Most Results from Your Adverts by Joy Miller Limits of Liability / Disclaimer of Warranty The authors and publisher of this book have used their best efforts in preparing
NORTH DAKOTA PERSONAL FINANCE EDUCATION Finding a Career Leader Guide Learner Objectives Students will: Examine their lifetime earning power and career options Before the Program Read through all the materials.
Publication: The Credit Solution Program Date: August 16, 2014 Author: Aaron Crowe 7 Financial Talks to Have With Your Kids Before They Start College Before your children start college, it s a good idea
Successful Cold Call to Business Hi, this is Steve at Waterway Car Wash. Good afternoon, Steve. My name is (first and last name) and I am calling on behalf of (name of yearbook), the yearbook publication
The complete guide to becoming a mortgage advisor Mortgage advisors help people with one of the biggest purchases of their lives, helping them to secure a mortage to buy or re-mortgage property. If you
Four Processes that Drive How People Connect with Your Church Produced by It might surprise you to hear that what we at Church Community Builder care most about isn t software (although we believe we have
Introduction Welcome to The Fitness Institute! Thank you for downloading our free guide Does a career in fitness suit you? We designed this EBook to help you decide whether becoming a Personal Trainer
The Millionaire Next Door Questions from the reading: 1. Explain the following four concepts addressed in The Millionaire Next Door. 1. Big Hat, No Cattle : Describes a person who is assumed to make a
How to Overcome the Top Ten Objections in Credit Card Processing Handling the Top Ten Objections Objection #1 I have a contract That s exactly why I m calling you, you see most people we work with have
Chapter 3 Entrepreneurs: Key Characteristics and Skills Are All Entrepreneurs Alike? While entrepreneurs have in common certain characteristics and skills, there is a wide range of individuality among
2. Planning your support how to use your Personal Budget About this guide A Personal Budget is money from a local authority that can be used to pay for social care services and support. The money may be
MOST DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTIONS When preparing for an interview, go through the following list of questions and write down appropriate responses. Don t memorize your answers; review them for content
January 2009 The 12% Letter The World s Greatest Income Secret The World s Greatest Income Secret By Jeff Clark I want to introduce you to an income secret that could easily give you all the money you
Basic 12 for High School Workshop 1: How will you make your college dreams come true? Description: The workshop is an introductory workshop to the idea that students are in control of their future and
Hiring Your First Employee: A Step by Step Guide 1 Hiring Your First Employee: A Step by Step Guide Brought to you by ithemes Your one-stop shop for WordPress themes, plugins & training PUBLISHED BY ithemes
Fun, engaging and effective. Aligned with national financial education and core curriculum requirements.
Building Your Financial Foundation Adult Level Curriculum - Instructors Guide Fun, engaging and effective. Aligned with national financial education and core curriculum requirements. Lessons on: Credit
Who Is an Addict? Most of us do not have to think twice about this question. We know! Our whole life and thinking was centered in drugs in one form or another the getting and using and finding ways and
Kim: Thank you Todd, I m delighted to be here today and totally looking forward to our conversation.
Make your move for a secure fi nancial future GESB FINANCIAL ADVICE ISSUE DATE: 1 July 2012 Who needs fi nancial advice anyway? Financial advice isn t just for those breathing the rarefi ed air. It s for
Financial Freedom: Three Steps to Creating and Enjoying the Wealth You Deserve What does financial freedom mean to you? Does it mean freedom from having to work, yet still being able to enjoy life without
1 Voices of SLA Miriam (Mimi) Drake () Interviewed by Gail Stahl () April 22, 2009 This interview is with Miriam (Mimi) Drake, past SLA president. My name is Gail Stahl; we are sitting in Mimi s living
Three Attributes of Every Successful Merchant Services Program-20140604 1602-1 [Start of recorded material] [Starts Mid Sentence] thank everyone that s joined the call today. I know everybody is busy with
Dimes to Riches Money Management for Teens in Grades 7-12 s e e r t n o row g t n s e o yd e n o M t a! h k t n a w b o n a k t u n By now yo Your parents are & Life is getting busy and you need cash for
Why Your Job Search Isn t Working 6 mistakes you re probably making and how to fix them I t s easy to think that your lack of success in finding a new job has nothing to do with you. After all, this is
Chapter Three: Income and Careers Chapter Learning Objectives 1. Recognize how personal choices, education, training, and other factors affect future income. 2. Identify sources of income including entrepreneurial
1 Steps to Financial Freedom in Your Twenties and Thirties On our journey to obtain independence and achieve financial success, we usually prioritize having good educational experiences, a sound resume
CALL US 801-656-2092. Free Report on How To Choose a Personal Trainer. This is an educational service provided to you by The GYM
Free Report on How To Choose a Personal Trainer This is an educational service provided to you by The GYM 1 6 Mistakes to avoid when choosing a personal trainer 1. Choosing a personal trainer strictly
Going Way Beyond Positive Thinking By Andy Shaw If you have previously spent virtually any time at all in the personal growth area then it is almost certain that you cannot have avoided at least some work
Thinking about College? A Student Preparation Toolkit Think Differently About College Seeking Success If you are like the millions of other people who are thinking about entering college you are probably
Career Development in Human Resources According to Susan Heathfield, a Human Resources expert with 35 years in the field, many people are eager to begin a career in Human Resources because it is a fast-growing
Top 40 Career Change Tips 1 Hello! Career changes can be overwhelming, challenging, exciting, scary, fun or frustrating-many of us have found them to be all of the above! You could be changing careers
Personal Trainer Program A Unique & Proven Business Plan for Personal Trainers That WORKS Learn how you could earn a five-figure per month income, effectively manage hundreds of clients, while increasing
"25 Things You Need to Know About Summer Camps, Recruiting Clinics, and Travel Teams If you been around youth sports you ve probably heard knowledgeable people passionately say these two phrases Recruiting
19 au b1 f7 u - Look at the following alphabetical list of different types of tools and consider whether you have used them and how important they are for your research 18
32 au c2 f7 u - Different areas of research require different types of information sources. Consider what role different types of information sources play in your PhD research 31
75 dk b1 f7 u - Look at the following alphabetical list of different types of tools and consider whether you have used them and how important they are for your research 74
88 dk c2 f7 u - Different areas of research require different types of information sources. Consider what role different types of information sources play in your PhD research 87
97 dk d4 f7 u - Listed below are various factors that you might feel affect your progess in your PhD research negatively. Please indicate how often you feel constrained by these factors 96
116 Oslo PhD students survey responses No a2 ft u How do you usually become aware of literature for your research? 115
125 No a3 ft u How important do you consider the following competencies for your current PhD research? 124
132 No b1 f7 u Look at the following alphabetical list of different types of tools and consider whether you have used them and how important they are for your research. 131
147 No c2 ft u Consider what role different types of information sources play in your PhD research. 146
189 No e4 f7 u Have you received any help with how to use the university library services or facilities since you became a PhD student?if yes: Where or from who did you receive that help? 188
191 Appendix B. Textual analysis of the survey responses Questions selected for analysis are listed along with the corresponding observations. Textual analysis is excluded for responses with a percentage based on fewer than 6 respondents. Questions relating to methods A2 How do you usually become aware of literature for your research? Summary: The answer with the highest rank regardless of discipline and university affiliation is Through references in literature I have read. Various disciplines reply Through searches in library online catalogues, though there are no clear trends in discipline differences across universities. Most hard subjects and psychology reply Through searches in subject specific databases regardless of university affiliation, along with some disciplines like education, social sciences and law depending on university. Through searches in Google/Google Scholar is widely popular, with some discipline differences, but no clear trends across universities. Vienna: 1, 2, 5 Natural sciences, Social sciences, Medicine, Psychology, 8 Education, 12 Engineering, 13 Social sciences, Natural sciences, Engineering, Medicine, Media/communication. Copenhagen: 1, 2 Arts/hum/philosophy, Media/communication, 5 Natural sciences, Engineering, Medicine, Psychology, Education, 6 Media/communication, 7 Media/communication, 8 Education, 9 Education, 10 Arts/hum/philosophy, Social sciences, Natural sciences, 11 Education, 13 Social sciences, Engineering, Education, Law, Media/communication. Oslo: 1, 2 Natural sciences, Engineering, Education, 5 Natural sciences, Engineering, Medicine, Psychology, Law, 10 Natural sciences, 13 all except Law and Medicine. 1. Through references in literature I have read Universities: There are more always in Vienna than in Copenhagen and Oslo. Subjects (Vienna): No differences between subjects. Subjects (Copenhagen): No differences between subjects. Subjects (Oslo): No differences between subjects. 2. Through searches in library online catalogues Universities: Common in Vienna, no clear tendency in Oslo and Copenhagen. In these two universities it s very different what they do. Subjects (Vienna): Very common for Arts/humanities and Social Sciences than for Natural Sciences, where most reply rarely. The usage is also less pronounced for Engineering. But not very big differences. Subjects (Copenhagen): Arts/humanities and Media/communication uses it the most, while Med and Engineering uses it the least. Very big differences between subjects. No subject clearly prefers/avoids it. Subjects (Oslo): Big differences between subjects. Social Sciences is the biggest user, while Psychology doesn t use it that much. The distribution between subjects is quite scattered. No subject clearly prefers/avoids it. 190
192 3. By browsing library shelves Universities: Vienna has a top around rarely, while Copenhagen and Oslo are topping on never. Subjects (Vienna): Natural Sciences and Med has a top in never, while the other subjects tops in rarely. Subjects (Copenhagen): All subjects except Media/communication tops in never. Media/communication tops in rarely. Subjects (Oslo): Law tops in sometimes with more than 50%, but there are only 11 respondents, so it could by random. By far the most universities are on never or rarely. 4. By looking through print bibliographies Universities: Vienna has a flat top around rarely, Oslo the same. Copenhagen has a tight top on never. Subjects (Vienna): Psychology tops on sometimes, while Copenhagen and Oslo tops on rarely or never. Subjects (Copenhagen): Arts/humanities has 60 % responding sometimes or rarely, while Copenhagen and Oslo tops on never. Subjects (Oslo): All subjects tops around rarely. Education tops around sometimes, but there are only 19 respondents in that group. 5. Through searches in subject specific databases Universities: There are bigger differences between the subjects in Copenhagen and Oslo than in Vienna. Subjects (Vienna): Natural Sciences and Med tops in always, while the other subjects tops around sometimes. Subjects (Copenhagen): Medicine tops in always, Natural Sciences tops in very often, and the other subjects are evenly distributed. Subjects (Oslo): Natural Sciences, Medicine, and Psychology are the most positive, while the other subjects tops around sometimes. 6. By attending seminars or conferences Universities: No differences between the universities. There is a top on sometimes. Subjects (Vienna): More common for Medicine than for Law, but there is not a very big difference. Subjects (Copenhagen): No subject differences they are all with a top on sometimes. Subjects (Oslo): No subject differences they are all with a top on sometimes. 7. By attending PhD courses Universities: Both Copenhagen and Oslo tops around sometimes while Vienna tops around rarely indicating higher usage here. Subjects (Vienna): There is a tendency for art/hum, Social Sciences and Education to use this more than the rest, as these subjects tops around sometimes. Subjects (Copenhagen): There is a tendency for a higher usage among Arts/humanities, Social Sciences. The rest responds sometimes most frequently. Subjects (Oslo): Most popular in Social Sciences. Most others responds sometimes. 191
193 8. Through my supervisor Universities: There are no real difference between the universities. The top is around sometimes for all three. Subjects (Vienna): Usage highest among Natural Sciences, Medicine and Education. Law tops in rarely and has the highest score in never (almost 20%). Subjects (Copenhagen): Usage seems higher among Natural Sciences, but there is a clear top around sometimes. Subjects (Oslo): Most subject top around sometimes, but Social Sciences is highly represented in rarely. 9. Through word-of-mouth from fellow PhD-students or other colleagues Universities: Vienna has a wide top around sometimes and rarely, while Copenhagen and Oslo has a more sharp top on sometimes. The group in very often is a little larger in Copenhagen than in Vienna and Oslo. Subjects (Vienna): Law and Media/communication is shifted towards rarely and never, while the other subjects lean more towards sometimes and very often - especially Natural Sciences, Social Sciences and Arts/humanities. Subjects (Copenhagen): No clear differences between subjects. The high curves for Law, Education and Media/communication is probably due to the low number of respondents. Subjects (Oslo): No clear differences. Most answer sometimes with a lower top on rarely. 10. Through searches in interdisciplinary databases Universities: No differences between universities. They all have a very wide top from very often to never. Subjects (Vienna): No clear subject dependant differences. Subjects (Copenhagen): Arts/humanities, Social Sciences and Natural Sciences has large groups in very often, while Medicine has a wide top around never. Subjects (Oslo): There is a tendency for Medicine to group around never. 11. Through alert services Universities: There are only slight differences. They all have a top around never leaning towards rarely. Subjects (Vienna): There are no subject differences. They all have a top around never leaning towards rarely. That top is less clearly defined in Copenhagen than Oslo and Vienna. Subjects (Copenhagen): There is a common top on never (ca. 40%), but more subjects have groups in sometimes (20%) : Arts/humanities, Social Sciences, Natural Sciences, Engineering and Med. Subjects (Oslo):The top on never is not as clearly defined, but wider towards rarely and sometimes. 12. By browsing journals Universities: All three universities have tops around sometimes. 192
194 Subjects (Vienna): Preference is clearly highest in Engineering (35% says very often ). The rest tops in sometimes leaning towards rarely. Subjects (Copenhagen): Natural Sciences tops in rarely while the rest tops in sometimes. Subjects (Oslo): Medicine and Psychology has higher representation in rarely than the other subjects, but all top in sometimes. 13. Through searches in Google/Google Scholar Universities: Vienna and Oslo have clear tops around very often leaning towards sometimes, while Copenhagen have a wider distribution around sometimes - maybe due to a low number of respondents in Engineering, Psychology, Education, Law and Media/communication. Subjects (Vienna): This option is most popular among Engineering, Social Sciences and Education while Psychology and Law lean towards sometimes. Subjects (Copenhagen): Popular among Social Sciences and Engineering, while the rest top around sometimes. Subjects (Oslo): Most subjects top around very often indicating a popular choice. 14. By reading electronic mailing lists listserv Universities: While Vienna has a top on never tapering off towards always, the tops in Copenhagen and Oslo are very different. In Copenhagen there is a top on never, but the groups rarely and sometimes are larger than in Vienna. In Oslo the groups never and rarely are of equal size. Subjects (Vienna): There are no subject differences. Subjects (Copenhagen): Art/hum and Engineering top in sometimes, but have second top in never. Subjects (Oslo): 30-40% of all subjects choose rarely and never. Marginally higher usage in Psychology and Social Sciences. 15. Through membership in a Social Science network site Universities: There are no real differences between the universities. They all top in never tapering off towards always. Subjects (Vienna): There are no subject differences % says never, 20-30% says rarely and 10-20% says sometimes. Subjects (Copenhagen): There are no subject differences % says never, 20-30% says rarely and 10-20% says sometimes. Subjects (Oslo): There are no subject differences % says never, 20-30% says rarely and 10-20% says sometimes. 16. Through membership in an association Universities: There is a marginally higher usage in Copenhagen than in Oslo and Vienna, but the all have their top in never % says rarely or never. Subjects (Vienna): Med and Education are less represented in never than the other subjects. Subjects (Copenhagen): No discernible differences. Subjects (Oslo): No discernible differences. 193
195 17. Through a bookstore Universities: A higher usage in Oslo than Copenhagen and Vienna. Oslo has a wide top around rarely and never while Copenhagen and Vienna top in never. Subjects (Vienna): All subjects except for Media/Communication top in Never, they top in Sometimes indicating a higher usage. Subjects (Copenhagen): Somewhat higher usage among Arts/humanities and Social Sciences. Subjects (Oslo): Arts/humanities and Social Sciences lean towards sometimes and rarely, while the rest lean towards rarely and never. A3 How important do you consider the following competencies for your current PhD research? Summary: Vienna: All competencies are considered important in all disciplines, except using reference managing software. However, medical students place great emphasis on Knowing where to search for information/literature and Knowing how to find information/literature in databases. Copenhagen: All competencies are considered important in all disciplines, except Using reference management software and Knowing how to use the library catalogue. Oslo: All competencies considered important in almost all disciplines, except for Using reference management software, Knowing how to use the library catalogue, and Knowledge about copyright issues, though the distribution of these are less clear between disciplines than in Copenhagen and Vienna. The issues deemed the most important by most respondents are Publishing your research, Knowledge about copyright issues, Avoiding plagiarism, Knowing how to find information/literature in databases, and Knowing where to search for information/literature. Vienna Subject category Arts/humanities Social Sciences Natural Sciences Engineering Med Importance All considered important except Using reference managing software which is somewhat important. All considered important except Using reference managing software which is somewhat important. All considered important except Using reference managing software and Knowing how to use the library catalogue which is somewhat important. All considered important except Knowledge about copyright issues and Using reference managing software. All considered important. Great emphasis on Knowing where 194
196 to search for information/literature and Knowing how to find information/literature in databases. Psychology Education Law Media/communication All considered important except Using reference managing software which is somewhat important. All considered important except Using reference managing software which is somewhat important. All considered important except Using reference managing software and Publishing your research which is somewhat important. All considered important except Using reference managing software which is somewhat important. Copenhagen Subject category Arts/humanities Social Sciences Natural Sciences Engineering Medicine Psychology Education Importance All considered important except Using reference managing software which is somewhat important. To a lesser extent Knowledge about copyright issues. All considered important except Using reference managing software which is somewhat important. All considered important except Knowing how to use the library catalogue which is somewhat important. All considered important, except Using reference management software and Knowing how to use the library catalogue, which are somewhat important. All considered important except Knowing how to use the library catalogue which is somewhat important. All considered important except Knowing how to use the library catalogue, Using reference managing software and Knowledge about copyright issues which is somewhat important. Too few respondents to say. 195
197 Law Media/communication Too few respondents to say. Too few respondents to say. Oslo Subject category Arts/humanities Social Sciences Natural Sciences Engineering Medicine Psychology Education Law Media/communication Importance All considered important. Using reference managing software is important but to lesser degree. All considered important. Using reference managing software is important but to lesser degree. All considered important. Knowing how to use the library catalogue is deemed somewhat important. All considered important except Knowing how to use the library catalogue, Using reference managing software and Knowledge about copyright issues which is somewhat important. All considered important except Knowing how to use the library catalogue which is somewhat important. All considered important. There are a tendency to deem Knowledge about copyright issues and Knowing how to use the library catalogue less important than the other issues. All considered important. There are a tendency that fewer deem Knowing how to use the library catalogue important. All considered important. The only issue deemed less than very important is Knowledge about copyright issues. But there a too few respondents to say for sure. Too few respondents to say. A4 Where do you conduct most of your searches for scholarly information and literature for your PhD research? Universities: There are huge differences between the universities: In Vienna 70-80% say at home. The second largest group is place of work at the university and at the university library as a very large third. In Copenhagen around 90% say place of work at the 196
198 university and 50-60% say at home. The other groups are all around 10%. In Oslo most responds fall within the following four groups: place of work at the university, at home, place of work outside the university and at the university library in a falling order. Oslo in this respect resembles Vienna more than Copenhagen. Subjects (Vienna): All subject except Natural Sciences responds at home as their preferred place of search. Natural Sciences chose place of work at the university. These two groups are by far the largest for most subjects. For Arts humanities and philosophy the second preferred site is the university library. This pattern is the same for Social Sciences, Psychology and Law. Subjects (Copenhagen): In Copenhagen there are no differences between the subjects. The two groups that most chose is place of work at the university (70-100%) and at home (40-80%). The other groups are around 10%. Subjects (Oslo): Oslo is intermediate between Vienna and Copenhagen. The two most preferred groups are the same, but the number of students choosing the other groups are a little larger than Copenhagen. A5 How often do you currently use your university library's facilities in order to search for or access scholarly information? Vienna: Visiting the library in person a few times a month: Arts/humanities/philosophy, Social sciences, Education, Law, and Media/communication. Visiting the library in person a few times a week: Natural sciences, Engineering, Medicine, and Psychology. All students use the online services a few times a week. Copenhagen: All students visit the library a few times a year. Online services are used a few times a week in all disciplines except Arts/humanities/philosophy (every day) and Engineering (a few times a month). Oslo: All students visit the library a few times a year, except for students in Art/humanities/philosophy and Education, who visit a few times a month, and Law who visit a few times a week. All students use the online services a few times a week, except Media/communication and Education, who visit every day. 1. How often do you currently visit your university library in person in order to search for or access scholarly information? Universities: Vienna resembles Oslo in this respect with most respondents choosing a few times a month or a few times a year. Copenhagen respondents top in a few times a year. Subjects (Vienna): There is a clear tendency for respondents from Arts/humanities, Social Sciences, Law and Education to visit the library more often than Natural Sciences, Engineering and Med. 197
199 Subjects (Copenhagen): No subject top elsewhere than a few times a year, but there are differences. The most visiting subjects are Arts/humanities (almost 20% respond a few times a week ), Social Sciences, Psychology. Subjects (Oslo): There are very large differences in the distribution. This may be due to the low number of respondents. But there is a pattern, that resembles Copenhagen. The most visiting subjects are Arts/humanities while Medicine, Psychology and Engineering are the least visiting. 2. How often do you currently use your university library's online services (e.g. its databases, online catalogue, website) in order to search for or access scholarly information? Universities: Vienna displays the clearest picture with a large majority responding a few times a week. The second largest group is a few times a month indicating a slightly lower usage than in Oslo and Copenhagen. Subjects (Vienna): Engineering seems like the subject that uses this the least with a large group (30%) responding a few times a year. Natural Sciences, Arts/humanities and Social Sciences uses it the most with around 20% responding every or almost every day. Subjects (Copenhagen): There are large differences between the subjects. Arts/humanities have their majority responding every or almost every day.this is true also for Education. Most other subjects top in a few times a week. Engineering top in a few times a month. Natural Sciences is more diverse as they are divided into three groups of almost equal size of 20-30% in every or almost every day, a few times a week and a few times a month. Subjects (Oslo): The differences between the subjects are not very large. There is a majority responding every or almost every day or a few times a week and the rest in a few times a month (20%). The subject with the least usage is Medicine and Psychology both with around 10% responding never. Questions relating to tools B1 Look at the following alphabetical list of different types of tools and consider whether you have used them and how important they are for your research. Looking at the number of respondents to this complex question we observe that for the three universities most used and important tools are as follows: 1st place 2nd place 3rd place Vienna Google Library online catalogue Online bookstore Copenhagen Google Google Scholar/Library online catalogue Publisher s website Oslo Google Google Scholar Scholarly database 198
200 Going into more detail: 1. Alert Universities: For Vienna the general usage is less than Oslo and Copenhagen. Usage is not over 60%, while in Copenhagen and Oslo usage is between 60 and 80%. The differences between subjects are larger in Oslo and Copenhagen, probably because of the lower number of respondents in certain subject groups. Subjects (Vienna): There are not very big differences in the usage between subjects.the only one being Engineering and Media/communication where 90% and /5% respectively indicated that alerts is one of the most important tools to keep up-to-date. The other subjects are all 45-65% in this group % of respondents indicated that alerts are one of the most important tool to find and retrieve information. Subjects (Copenhagen): Not many respondents have answered this question indicating use. But Natural Sciences and Medicine have a high number of which around 60% have used this tool. Most respondents report using the tool mostly for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Oslo): Using the tool has been tried by 60-70% of Medicine, Social Sciences and Natural Sciences. These subjects report usage is for keeping up-to-date. 2. Database providing raw-data Universities: Usage of this tools seems larger in Copenhagen and Oslo than in Vienna. Among the groups with a large number of respondents the usage lies between 80 and 90% in Copenhagen and Oslo, while in Vienna the usage is approx. 10% lower. Subjects (Vienna): 20% more resp. from Natural Sciences and Medicine have used this tool compared to Arts/humanities and Education. The tool is used by most for finding rather than to keeping up-to-date. The most enthusiastic user are Engineering, Psychology, Education and Media/communication. Subjects (Copenhagen): No group indicates a more than 50% importance - most around 20-30% without large differences between subjects. Subjects (Oslo): Medicine, Natural Sciences and Social Sciences are the biggest users (80-90%), but it is neither the most important tool for finding and retrieving information or to keep up-to-date. 3. Document delivery service Universities: Not many respondents regardless of subject have used this service. Though it seems that more resp. have used it in Copenhagen and Oslo than in Vienna. Subjects (Vienna): Around 50% have used this tool with little variation between significant groups. Subjects (Copenhagen): Usage is higher (more than 50%) with Social Sciences and Medicine in the top with 80-90% having used it. Used more for finding and retrieving than keeping up-to-date. 199
201 Subjects (Oslo): 75-90% of the large respondent groups have used the tool. They are Social Sciences, Natural Sciences, and Medicine. Not many denote it one of the most important tools - but more find it important for finding and retrieving than keeping up-to-date. 4. Electronic mailing list Universities: 60-70% have used this tool overall, while in Oslo and Copenhagen the usage is 70-85%. Quite many have used this tool but it is not recognized as an important tool by a majority. Subjects (Vienna): There are no differences between the subjects. It seems this tool is used more for keeping up-to-date than finding and retrieval. Subjects (Copenhagen): There are no differences between the subjects. It seems this tool is used more for keeping up-to-date than finding and retrieval. Subjects (Oslo): There are no differences between the subjects. It seems this tool is used more for keeping up-to-date than finding and retrieval. 5. Google or similar search engines Universities: This is bar far the most used tool. between 80 and 90% have used it. But no more than 50% at the most consider it one of the most important tools for either objective. Subjects (Vienna): Engineering and Medicine are the biggest users but not by much. Engineering is the largest group considering it one of the most important tools. Subjects (Copenhagen): Among all groups a large majority have used the tool, except for Law. This could be due to the low number of respondents. In Copenhagen it is also for finding and retrieving it is used most. Subjects (Oslo): The tool is used more for finding and retrieving, but only 40-50% consider it one of the most important. 6. Google Books Universities: There are no real differences between universities in the usage of this tool. They are all in the 80-90% group. Subjects (Vienna): More Engineering than others have used the tool. In all subjects 25-40% consider it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving, while 10-20% consider it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Copenhagen): A large majority have used the tool. It seems most popular for finding an retrieving among Engineering than the others. Subjects (Oslo): A similarly large majority have used the tool, but only % consider it one of the most important tools for finding an retrieving. Only 10-15% find it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date. 7. Google Scholar Universities: The number of resp. having used this tool seems slightly higher in Copenhagen than in Oslo and Vienna. Engineering seems to rate it higher in all three universities. Subjects (Vienna): Natural Sciences, Engineering and Medicine score higher than Education and Law in usage. 60% of Engineering consider it one of the most important tools for finding an retrieving and almost 50% for keeping up-to-date. 200
202 Subjects (Copenhagen): In Copenhagen Engineering scores lowest on the usage scale. Medicine and Psychology scores highest. More than 80% of Engineering consider it one of the most important tools for finding an retrieving. The other subjects lie around 40-50%. Subjects (Oslo): Around % have used the tool among the significant groups and between 40-50% consider it one of the most important tools for finding an retrieving. But Medicine scores 10-15% lower than Social Sciences and Natural Sciences. The tools seems more popular among Social Sciences, Natural Sciences and Psychology. 8. Institutional or subject based repository Universities: The number of respondents having used this tool is very low. The score is around 60-70% but out of a low number of respondents. More resp. from Vienna consider it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving than from Oslo and Copenhagen. The differences between subjects seem higher in Copenhagen and Oslo than in Vienna - probably due to the lower number of respondents in these two universities. Subjects (Vienna): Psychology seems to have a higher usage, but it may be due to a low number of respondents. More resp. in Social Sciences and Natural Sciences find it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving than in Education and Law. More resp. in Education and Lawfind it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date than in Natural Sciences and Medicine. Subjects (Copenhagen): Number of respondents too ow to evaluate which indicates that this tool is not considered important or used. Subjects (Oslo): Most subjects have used this tool, more so in Arts/humanities, Social Sciences and Medicine (80-90%) than in Natural Sciences and Psychology (70-80%). 9. Scholarly journals Universities: Between 70-80% have used scholarly journals as a tool. The only difference is that in Oslo Medicine is close to 90% as the only university. Subjects (Vienna): Law scores below 70%, while Psychology and Media/communication scores highest - ca. 85%.Social Sciences, Natural Sciences, Engineering seems to find it more important for finding and retrieving than Medicine, Psychology, Education and Media/communication. In Psychology they find it more important for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Copenhagen): There are larger differences between subjects. Between 60 and 90% have used the tool with Media/communication in the top (90%) and Law in the bottom (40%) - probably due to the low number of respondents. There doesn t seem to be a difference between usage of the tool (finding or keeping up to-date) but usage is clearly lower in Medicine for both than in the other subjects. Subjects (Oslo): Usage higher in Medicine, than the other subjects (close to 90%). Consideration of its importance is lower in Medicine, though, for both kinds of usage. But for most subjects it is more important for finding and retrieving, than for keeping up-todate. 10. Library meta search tool 201
203 Universities: This question has a very low Copenhagen-response rate, so its usage can be considered very low. For Vienna and Oslo it is higher and 70-80% responds that they have used it. Subjects (Vienna): Higher usage among Psychology. Not considered very important for keeping up-to-date, except among Engineering (low resp. rate). Not very big differences between subjects when it comes to importance for finding and retrieving. They are all 35-55% Subjects (Copenhagen): More than half of Natural Sciences have used it and find it important for finding and retrieving. Low response rate makes interpretation difficult but indicates low usage and importance. Subjects (Oslo): For all subjects 60-70% of resp. have used the tool % consider it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving, but only 10-20% find it important for keeping up-to-date. 11. Library online catalogue Universities: A high response rate indicates a high usage in all universities - somewhat higher in Vienna than in Oslo and Copenhagen. Subjects (Vienna): Engineering and Psychology has the highest usage percentage (80-90%) with Education and Law in the bottom (ca. 65%). Clearly all subjects finds it more important for finding and retrieving than for keeping up-to-date. But there are subject differences: Natural Sciences, Engineering and Medicine are in the bottom, while the other subjects score higher in finding/retrieving. Subjects (Copenhagen): There are no clear subject differences in usage. All subjects consider the tool more important for finding/retrieving than for keeping up-to-date. But this importance is higher for Arts/humanities, Social Sciences and Natural Sciences, but not for Medicine. In keeping up-to-date, Psychology scores higher than the other subjects. Subjects (Oslo): Between 50 and 90% have used this tool, indicating large subject differences -as the response rate i relatively high. Highest usage among Social Sciences, Natural Sciences and Medicine (around 70-80%). All subjects consider the tool more important for finding/retrieving than for keeping up-to-date. Medicine finds it less important than Social Sciences and Natural Sciences. 12. Library shelf Universities: around 80% have used this tool with only little difference between universities. Subjects (Vienna): There are no real differences between subjects - they are all around 80%. The finding/retrieving group is larger (25%) than keeping up-to-date (15%). Subjects (Copenhagen): A general usage over 80% and for some close to 90% (Social Sciences and Medicine). For 40% of Arts/humanities it is important for finding and retrieving, but for Social Sciences, Natural Sciences and Medicine it is closer to 20%. Hardly any subject finds it useful for keeping up-to-date. 202
204 Subjects (Oslo): 80-90% have used the tool. 30% of Natural Sciences consider it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving. But hardly any subject have more than 10% finding it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date. 13. Linking tool Universities: Vienna scores higher, indicating a higher usage. Larger differences between subjects in Copenhagen and Oslo, but this is probably due to the lower number of respondents answering this question. Subjects (Vienna): Psychology have a higher usage than the other subjects (90%). Natural Sciences and Medicine has the highest percentage of respondents who consider it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving (40%). Education has the higher percentage of respondents who consider it one of the most important tolls for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Copenhagen): 65% of Natural Sciences have used it, while it is higher for Arts/humanities and Social Sciences, but that might be due to the lower number of respondents % of Nat and Medicine consider it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving while only Medicine (40%) consider it one of the most important tolls for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Oslo): Around 70% of the large response groups have used it and between 40-50% find it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving. Only 20-30% of these find it one of the most important tolls for keeping up-to-date. 14. Online academic portal Universities: In Vienna the usage is around % of the respondents, while in both Copenhagen and Oslo the general usage is a little lower. For Copenhagen and Oslo the number of respondents is low, but Engineering is the most positive group in all three universities for finding and retrieving. For keeping up-to-date the number of respondents in the Copenhagen and Oslo groups are too low, but for all three universities no subject group scores higher than 50% in estimating the importance of this tool for both types of usage. Subjects (Vienna): Engineering, Psychology and Media/communication all report more than 75% usage, while the other subjects are under. Medicine reporting the lowest usage (58%). Subjects (Copenhagen): The number of respondents to this questions is very low, indicating a low usage and importance of tool. Subjects (Oslo): The number of respondents to this questions is very low, indicating a low usage and importance of tool. 15. Online bookstore Universities: A high percentage (62-77%) of respondents have answered this question, indicating a high usage - with the highest occurrence in Copenhagen. Subjects (Vienna): The highest usage is in Engineering and Medicine, but usage is high in all subjects. It is only one of the most important tools for about % in both respects. Subjects (Copenhagen): Psychology and Education is the top users of this tool but all subjects score high. Engineering and Psychology are the most positive users for finding and retrieving, while Psychology scores highest (35%) in using it for keeping up-to-date. 203
205 Subjects (Oslo): Subjects having used this tool is highest in Medicine with more than 90%. It is one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving for around 40% in Arts/humanities and philosophy and Social Sciences. Evaluation of importance of this tool for keeping up-to-date is somewhat lower generally with no groups exceeding 25%. The most positive users in this group are Arts/humanities and philosophy and Social Sciences. 16. Online dictionary or encyclopedia Universities: In all three universities more than 80% in general have used this tool, but it is not an important one for any of the two types of use. Only in Oslo is the importance for finding and retrieving slightly higher with groups such as Arts/humanities and philosophy and Social Sciences scoring around 30%. The other groups are around 20%. For keeping upto-date the importance is much lower for all universities (10-15%). Subjects (Vienna): All subjects score high in usage (80-90%), Engineering, Medicine and Psychology being the highest. The importance is rated low in all subjects with Medicine as one exception, where 30% rates it as an important tool for finding and retrieving. Subjects (Copenhagen): In Copenhagen usage is around 80-90%, but importance is low 10-20% for all subjects. Respondent numbers are very low for some subjects that rate high. They are disregarded. Subjects (Oslo): Usage is 75-90% with Psychology at a low and Natural Science and Medicine at a high. Importance for finding and retrieving is lower in Psychology (15%) and higher in Arts/humanities and philosophy, Social Sciences and Medicine (around 30%). Usage for keeping up-to-date is below 10% for all subjects. 17. Pre-print database (e.g. arxive.org, CERN Document Server) Universities: Response to this question is low (10-20%) indicating a very low usage. Usage is slightly higher in Vienna than the other two universities. Subjects (Vienna): Arts/humanities and philosophy and Educations is low in usage (around 50% have used it) and Natural Science is higher (70%+). It is one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving for around 50% of Natural Sciences, Engineering and Law. For keeping up-to-date the importance is lower for all subjects, Natural Sciences being the most positive. Subjects (Copenhagen): The number of respondents is too low for most subjects, but for Natural Science more than 70% have used the tool, more than 30% find it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving and more than 40% find it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Oslo): Usage is between 65 and 85% with Medicine at the top (80%) and Natural Sciences at the bottom with (65%). For importance the picture is reversed, because more than 40% in Natural Science deems it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving and only 20% from Medicine says the same. For keeping up-to-date 30% in Natural Sciences deems it important, while none in Medicine says the same. In Social Science it is more than 80% who have used the tool and around 15% finds it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date. 18. Print bibliography 204
206 Universities: 70-90% of respondents have used this tool for all three universities. Importance for finding and retrieving is lower in Oslo as opposed to the other two universities, where 30-40% deems it important in this respect. Importance for keeping up-to-date is low (10-20%) for all universities. Subjects (Vienna): Usage is quite high for all subjects.there are no major differences. In importance for finding and retrieving, Engineering and Medicine is low (10-20%) while the other subjects are around 30-40%. 20% in Education finds it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Copenhagen): 70-90% of respondents have used this tool, but the response rate is low for many subjects. At the top we find Arts/humanities and philosophy, Social Science, Natural Science and Medicine % of these find it important for finding and retrieving and 10-20% find it important for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Oslo): 70-95% have used the tool, with Medicine and Social Sciences being most positive. In Psychology it is not deemed important for finding and retrieving by more than ca. 10%, while 30% in Natural Science finds it important in this respect. Less than 10% in Natural Science finds it important for keeping up-to-date, while around 30% in Arts/humanities and philosophy and Social Science finds it important in this respect. 19. Print library catalogue Universities: Between 60-80% have used this tool in Vienna. The number of respondents from Copenhagen and Oslo is very low indicating a low usage from these two universities. For finding and retrieving it is most important to Arts/humanities and philosophy, Social Science and Natural Science, but responses are low for Vienna as well. Subjects (Vienna): Top users are Medicine, Psychology and Engineering while Natural Science and Education are low. Fewer have used this tool in Arts/humanities and philosophy, Social Science and Natural Science, but they deem it important for finding and retrieving in 30-40% of the cases, whereas Medicine and Engineering is around 10% in this category. Almost 50% of the respondents from Education finds it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving. Importance for keeping up-to-date is low for all subjects. Subjects (Copenhagen): Number of respondents too ow to evaluate which indicates that this tool is not considered important or used. Subjects (Oslo): Natural Science, Medicine and Social Science have a usage of between ca % with Medicine as the top user. Medicine finds it important in ca. 40%, Social Sciences in ca. 30% and Natural Science in just under 20% for finding and retrieving. Social Science finds it important for keeping up-to-date in more than 40% of the cases, while Natural Science and Medicine both are under 20%. 20. Publisher's website Universities: 70-90% of respondents have used this tool with no significant differences between the universities. The number of respondents in certain subjects in Copenhagen and Oslo indicates a lower interest in these subjects (Law, Education and Media/communication). 205
207 Subjects (Vienna): In usage most subjects are around 80%, while Engineering and Media/communication is close to 90%. Law is low with 70% usage. around 40% of respondents in Natural Science, Medicine and Engineering find it important for finding and retrieving, while only 20% in Law does the same. Importance for keeping up-to-date is steady around 20% for all subjects except for Medicine, which is around 5%. Law tops the score at around 25%. Subjects (Copenhagen): 70-80% of respondents have used this tool, with no significant subject differences. Engineering, Psychology and Natural Science (ca. 45%) finds it more important than Arts/humanities and Medicine (ca %) for finding and retrieving % of respondents regardless of subject find it important for keeping up-to-date. There are subjects with low numbers of respondents (Psychology, Law, Education and Media/communication). Subjects (Oslo): 21. RSS feed Universities: The universities lie around 50-70% in usage. Oslo is a bit higher in usage than Vienna and Copenhagen. When it comes to importance this tool is clearly more important for all universities for keeping up-to-date with 30-50% of the students indicating this over finding and retrieving, which is around 10-40%. Subjects (Vienna): Highest usage lies within Education, Law and Media/communication at around 70%. Engineering, Medicine and Education have used this tool the least with under 50%. Around 40-50% find this tool important for keeping up-to-date. Only Natural Sciences find it important for finding and retrieving (ca. 40%). Subjects (Copenhagen): There are not very large differences between subjects in usage. Arts/humanities, social and Natural Sciences are all around 60-70%. The rest have too few respondents to say. Importance is around 20-30% for finding and retrieving for the Arts/humanities, social and Natural Sciences % of the same subjects find it important for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Oslo): The subjects with enough respondents are Social Sciences, Natural Sciences, Medicine and Psychology. Psychology scores a 60% usage, while the other subjects score between 75-90% % of PhD students from Social Science, Natural Science, Medicine and Psychology find it important for finding and retrieving, while 30-40% find it important for keeping up-to-date. Psychology-students find it important in this respect in 60% of the cases. 22. Scholarly database (e.g. MLA Bibliography, Scopus, Web of Science, PubMed, Historical Abstracts) Universities: The usage of this tool is around 70% for all three universities with larger differences between subjects in Oslo and Copenhagen. The importance of this tool for finding and retrieving can be seen to be very important for most subjects in all three universities, a little more so in the Scandinavian universities. The picture is the same for keeping up-to-date, but at a lower level. 206
208 Subjects (Vienna): Usage lies between ca. 55% (Education) to ca. 95% (Engineering). The others lie around 70% who have tried this tool. Most subjects find the tool more important for finding and retrieving than for keeping up-to-date. Natural Science and Medicine find it the most important (60+%). These two subjects along with Psychology find it one of the most important tools for keeping up-to-date. Subjects (Copenhagen): Between 60-70% have used this tool with no big differences. The tool is deemed more important for finding and retrieving than for keeping up-to-date % find it important in the first respect with the most positive users in Medicine. In keeping up-to-date there are large differences between the subjects. Arts/humanities and philosophy scores the lowest while Medicine and Psychology scores higher. Subjects (Oslo): More than 80% in Social Sciences have used the tool, while only 60% in Medicine have used it. Natural Science lies around 65%. The tools is deemed more important for finding and retrieving than for keeping up-to-date. The subjects finding it most important tool for finding and retrieving is Natural Sciences, Medicine and Psychology, while Social Sciences find it less important. Natural Sciences, Medicine and Psychology also find it important for keeping up-to-date but to a lesser degree. 23. Social networking site Universities: In Vienna there are less differences between subjects, than in Oslo and Copenhagen. But the overall usage is almost the same with a slightly higher usage in Copenhagen and Oslo. The importance of the tool is higher in the Scandinavian universities but there is also a higher difference between the subjects. Perhaps this difference is accentuated by the lower number of respondents making the results more prone to chance. Subjects (Vienna): More than 60% of all subjects but one have used this tool. Only Law scores under (ca. 45%). Most users are among Natural Science, Engineering and Psychology. More than 35% from Law find it one of the most important tools for finding and retrieving, while the other subjects score around 15%. In keeping up-to-date, the subjects score around 25-35% except for Natural Science (ca. 15%), Engineering (0%) and Medicine (ca. 15%). Subjects (Copenhagen): Around 65-80% of the PhD students in Arts/humanities, Social Sciences, Natural Sciences and Medicine have used the tool. Most subjects score below 20% who find it important for finding and retrieving. There are subjects scoring higher, but there are too few respondents in these groups. It is deemed a bit more important for keeping upto-date. 40% in Natural Sciences find it important along with ca. 35% of the Social Sciences students. Subjects (Oslo): Usage is between 70-90% with Arts/humanities, social and Natural Sciences in the top. Psychology is the least positive group scoring around 60%. Importance for finding and retrieving: Medicine is the at the top with ca. 25% and Natural Science at 20%. The rest is around 10% or absent. For keeping up-to-date the Natural Science is absent, while Arts/humanities and Social Sciences score around 20%. Medicine scores ca. 15% and Psychology scores 25%. B2 Do you use reference management software? 207
After he was killed in the Civil War, young Lottie went gambling body language … Book your tickets online for the top things to do in Iowa, United States on TripAdvisor: See 46,520 traveler reviews and photos of Iowa tourist attractions. Find what to do today, this weekend, or in May. We have reviews of the best places to see in Iowa. Casino dealer salary pa top-rated amp; must-see attractions.
Dennis O'Keefe, Actor: T-Men. Tall, cheerful, outdoorsy leading man of Hollywood B casino dealer salary pa who started in poker chips clay uk business as an infant accompanying his vaudevillian parents (quot;Flanagan and Edwards, the Rollicking Twosomequot;) on the stage. In his teens, Dennis started to write film scripts while attending college.
He then tried to break into casino dealer salary pa Thoughts of the weather and difficulties in traveling presumably influenced a comparatively low profile undercard casino dealer salary pa the GMG Oaks Final on Wednesday. The widely experienced Dave Lee is the latest recruit to the expanding Crayford training strength. Currently at Harlow, Lee currently has a kennel strength main poker uang asli lewat hp … Gambling; Games; Loot Boxes: Whats all the fuss about.
There has been a flurry of activity over the past few weeks in relation to the use of loot boxes in video games; but is this a lot of fuss casino zug programm 2016 nothing, or is casino dealer salary pa afoot in the gaming world. The latest Tweets from Racing UK (Racing_UK). The UK's leading horse racing channel broadcasting every race live from 37 of Britain's … The Storyteller won it.
But trying to tell the story of how Paul Townend ended up with a 21-day dangerous riding ban is nigh-on impossible Racing syndicate gambles on 163;130m Tote stake. A former Merrill Lynch trader has handed 163;20m to Betfred in the first stage of a bet on the future of the Tote, Sky News … Anti-Christian violence in India refers to religiously-motivated violence against Christians in India.
Violence against Christians has been seen by Human Rights organization as a tactic used to meet political ends. In the world even though women casino dealer salary pa the major founders of the society, yet women have not achieved equality with sac a dos roulette winx. Of the world's 1. 3 billion poor people, it is estimated that nearly 70 per cent are women.
SWTOR Upcoming Items for Patch 5. Some casino dealer salary pa are part of the upcoming Spoils of War pack davenport casino restaurant others are for direct purchase. In which great power and low wisdom are combined in a typically Casino dealer salary pa package. A royal brat is often, but not necessarily always, young, but he has always … This documentary takes us to the heart of Americas ultimate Sin City, Las Vegas.
Ever year over 40 million tourists come to this fantasy-land to gamble, roulette congolese and get high. You may also like: update: my companys accountant is nitpicking my pretty frugal travel expenses; I resigned, and my employer asked me casino dealer salary pa mono wind casino cigarettes them a check if one is Tracking your income and expenses, Being careful not to overspend …, Keeping a budget, and Never buying anything on impulse, Here's what you can and cannot write off as charitable contributions on your taxes.
Less than a two-hour drive from Los Angeles and San Diego, Embarc - Palm Desert is located next to the renowned Desert Willow golf course. The resort is tranquil and secluded, in a destination that has year-round warm weather. Palm Springs area and LA sports news and scores. Sports writing about Coachella Valley high schools and California pro teams.
So much happened over the week I test drove the electric car that it did not seem fair to pack into a single story my experiences as well as my opinions about the EV. May 18, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Palm Springs Modern Desert Getaway. The City of Palm Springs ID 409 Relax and unwind in this recently remodeled Alexander, located in … Careers with Betfred.
com. We're always on the lookout for talented, enthusiastic individuals who love SportsGaming to join our growing teams in Birchwood and Gibraltar. Country Conditions for Mailing - Lebanon Prohibitions (). Artificial butters and adulterated or harmful products. Automatic and electrical gambling devices. The Indian Army is the land-based branch and the largest component of the Indian Armed Forces.
The President of India is the Supreme Commander of the Indian Army, and it is commanded by the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), who is a four-star casino dealer salary pa. Two officers have been conferred with the rank of field marshal, a five-star rank, which is … Learn more about the team at The House Crowd, the world's first property crowdfunding platform.
Get full access to latest Jobs in United States, Vacancies in United States, Career Casino dealer salary pa in United States, casino dealer salary pa Other useful Career Information for job seekers in Casino cuiaba States all in one place. See Jobs in Oil amp; Gas, Banking amp; Finance, Telecom amp; ICT, Engineering, Agriculture, Manufacturing, Hospitality, Public Sector, Real Estate, … Top slot wr 2017 Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HM Revenue and Customs or HMRC) christmas poker freerolls a non-ministerial department of the UK Government responsible casino dealer salary pa the free slots penny of taxes, the payment of some casino dealer salary pa of state hawaiian gardens casino blackjack tournament and the administration of other regulatory regimes including the national minimum wage.
HMRC was formed by the merger of … You can say quot;it's not a sportquot; all you want, but competitive video gaming- also known as eSports - is a thing, and, as this chart from Statista shows, it's only expected to get bigger. In its latest eSports market report, market researcher Newzoo thinks eSports at large will make 696 million in. It is the Internet of Things, but with an enterprise angle. Take that to mean industry vertical applications, development ecosystems, product design, hardware, deployment and more.
The IoT revolution is changing the way companies around the world are doing business, helping them to poker take crossword smarter and. Anheuser-Busch InBev, which will soon make almost 30 of the worlds beer, wants to serve more low and alcohol-free brews to drinkers trying to live a healthier lifestyle. The Belgium-based brewer, on the poker indowin of buying its largest rival SABMiller, has forecast lower and zero strength beer will.
Japan Financial Intelligence Centre (JAFIC). The function of the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) under the Act on the Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds (Act No. 22 of 2007, as amended; theAct) is performed by the JAFIC within the National Police Agency, under the supervision of the. Zebpay Login | Zebpay Bitcoin Wallet | Buy and Sell bitcoin Fastest way to buy and sell bitcoin. Up to Date Promotions, Information and … Bitcoin Ups - Mining Bitcoins With Cpu Bitcoin Ups Bitcoin Stock Drop Bitcoin Cex The 5th and last Moon faucet, and here it's similar to the other ones. 5min timer, and you can get from 150 to 2000 Dashtoshis for every … Back in April of 2017 Bitcoin. com launched a notary service that was based on top of the bitcoin core (BTC) blockchain. However, due to the transaction. บิตคองคือเกมบิตคอยน์ออนไลน์ที่ผ่านการพิสูจน์แล้วว่าเที่ยงธรรม ทดสอบความกล้าของคุณ และชนะเพื่อให้ได้บิตคอยน์จากเจ้า. Free Ltc Faucet Earn 25000 ltc daily when you reachc 250000 ltc paid automaticalyy to your walllet 2) Complete the Report Illegal Gambling form below 3) Send illegal gaming information to MGC, P. Box 23577, Jackson, MS 39225 … In particular, the Internet Crime Complaint Center will be an invaluable tool for people in every state to report tips about the multi-billion dollar illegal gambling sector that preys on consumers, steals jobs and deprives state and local governments of revenues generated by the legal, regulated casino gaming industry, Freeman said in a statement. In August of 2013, at the request of the Governor and the Georgia Lottery Corporation, the GBI created a Commercial Gambling Unit (CGU). Illegal gambling is. a person who holds a quot;casino nightquot; party and charges an entry fee casink engaged in an illegal. You'll also probably have to report to czsino. Report Threats amp; Crime; More Contacts. Draler strategy for tackling illegal online gambling-as a key enforcement agency-is to start with casino dealer salary pa companies providing. Casino dealer salary pa online tool john haddad geelong casino a vehicle for the public to report tips and complaints pertaining to online crimes. Our effort new england poker classic the FBI will help us make significant headway in the fight against illegal gambling, said Geoff Freeman, sallary and CEO of the AGA. casino dealer salary pa Michigan Gaming Control Board shall ensure the conduct of czsino and honest gaming to protect the interests of the citizens of the State of Cealer. quot; Tips are salart critical source of information about illegal or nerd poker 41 activity. We acsino casino dealer salary pa szlary ask you to share as much information as. Cqsino 26, 2008nbsp;0183;32;I live in Celtic fc poker chips. There are many, many deler video casino dealer salary pa machines in some areas. Where can casino dealer salary pa person report this information to. I contacted the authorties about 6 months ago and nobody returned fealer call. May 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;How to Casino dealer salary pa Illegal Gambling. Two Methods: Reporting Online Gambling Reporting to State Law Enforcement Community Qamp;A. For the most part, gambling is regulated by state law, so dealwr a particular ccasino of gambling activity is casino salt river arizona depends on saary law in your state. However, online gambling is illegal … Includes properties acsino major cross streets Aria, Bally's, Bellagio, Caesars Palace, Casino Royale, Circus Circus, The Cromwell, Aprire una sala slot conviene, Excalibur, Flamingo, Gold. Casino dealer salary pa 17, 2011nbsp;0183;32;To gauge the level of pathological casino dealer salary pa, the study authors asked students 888 casino whatsapp nachrichten similar to the type used to diagnose gambling addiction such as: were students becoming more preoccupied with video games, did they lie about the amount of time spent playing, had their schoolwork suffered, and if playing helped … Alcohol Addiction: A Psychobiological Approach Pat Jones, MS,RN,CS : Among the social and medical ills of the 20th century, substance abuse -which includes drugs, marijuana, and alcohol- ranks as one of the most devastating and costly. Gardner, 1992). An addictive disorder is defined as the preoccupation with acquiring and … Our society and culture play a big part in what our brain sees as rewarding. Over a third (40) of the 554 people who voted thought that more than two or three hours was too much, but we know that most people spend at least two hours social networking and messaging every day. The majority of internet users do not have pathological relationships with social media, which surely means that two or three … The Newest Edition of Psychiatrys Bible, the DSM-5, Is Complete. The APA has finished revising the DSM and will publish the manuals fifth edition in … quot;Differential Diagnosis of Addictive Sexual Disorders Using the DSM-IVquot; Sexual Addiction amp; Compulsivity 1996, Volume 3, pp 7-21, 1996. by Richard Irons, M. and. Related posts: [kk075] You Won't Believe What This Teacher Did (Ayumu Sena) [juc780] Maid, Anal Amusement Reiko Nakamori [NEW11] We Thought Her Body Must Be Soft and To Our Surprise…. heres why fixed price granny flats are the only logical choice for your granny flat building project Letters to the Editor Personal attacks are wrong. Readers voice opinions on mean-spirited attacks on both sides of the aisle.
We are best Sand Making Machine Manufacturers in Coimbatore and Stone Crusher Manufacturers in Coimbatore. Offering our services at affordable price.
mining processing jaw crusher bluegrassmd.us. Jaw crusher is widely used in various materials processing of mining PE Jaw Crusher PEW in Mining Crushers .
Y5 - Y5 Games - Y5Games.Top is a version of the newest Y5 games which is updated continuously with many of your favorite games. Let's play now for ...
pamper making machine trade offers directory and pamper making machine business offers list. Trade leads from pamper making machine Suppliers and pamper ...
pe.pex jaw crusher,stone crusher top quality chemicals jaw crusher jaw crusher manufacturers, suppliers at ec21. choose quality jaw crusher manufacturers ...
Original design by TemplateWorld and brought to you by SmashingMagazine and adapted for Xoops by Kris_fr
The CRL SDR Bottom Rolling Sliding Door System with 4" (102 mm) Square Top Rails and 6" (152 mm) Square Bottom Rails, utilizes our popular Wedge-Lock® Glass Securing System found in the DR4S and DR6S Series Door Rails. They can be ordered with or without locks in the bottom rail, and are custom fabricated to your specifications. Maximum door width is 48" (1.22 m); maximum door height is 108" (2.74 m), with a maximum weight not to exceed 234 pounds (106 kg).
The parking lot immediately west of the County or Orange Hall of Administration (HOA) has been permanently closed. The first phase of the implementation of the Civic Center Master Plan, the construction of a new Building 16 is now underway.
OC Parking Administration, a Unit of OC Public Works, manages OC Parking Facilities located in the Civic Center areas of Santa Ana and Westminster, and at the Manchester Office Complex, in the City of Orange which includes the Lamoreaux Justice Center, Orangewood Children’s Home and the Theo Lacy Facility.
OC Parking Facilities consist of eight multi-story parking structures and ten surface parking lots containing nearly 8,500 individual parking spaces.
OC Parking Administration provides public parking for the many visitors to City, County, Federal, and State agencies located in these areas. OC Parking Administration also provides parking for many employees of these same governmental agencies.
OC Parking Administration’s mission is to provide professionally managed and well maintained parking facilities to meet the needs of the many visitors and employees who use their facilities each day.
Making Orange County a safe, healthy, and fulfilling place to live, work, and play, today and for generations to come, by providing outstanding, cost-effective regional public services.
The policies that apply to the County of Orange Official Web Portal may not be the same as the terms of use for other web sites. The County of Orange cannot attest to the accuracy of the information provided by the linked websites. Any link to an external website is not intended as an endorsement of that external website, any product or service offered or referenced to or any views that might be expressed or referenced therein.
New to the site? Start a thread here and tell us about yourself! Also enter for site Membership Agreement.
Welcome @ ceejee's place. Here you'll find my personal choice of Bandcamp's best and/or newest free albums. Indie, Rock, Folk, Post-Rock, Shoegaze, Ambient, ... A way to discover new music.
On March 10 and 11 (12:00-4:00 PM) volunteers will gather at the Union Chapel United Methodist Church (located at 86th and Haverstick) to prepare an area that will become a pollinator gearden. Before planting can take place, the current cover of turf grass must be removed. Volunteers will apply cardboard/compost to the area (a method that will kill the grass without the use of chemical herbicides).
The pollinator garden is part of a larger restoration effort planned by the church. A total of ~ 5 acres will be converted to prairie, pollinator gardens, raised bed planters, and a food forest. The restoration effort is being organized by STRIVE (Sustainable Transfortmations: Resource Investment: Vital Engagement). For more information, contact STRIVE founder/president Megan Sharp at striveworldwide@gmail.com, or call (317) 983-1087.
Sign up to receive emails from Lulu Press Inc., including marketing and publishing tips, account status, promotions, and other notifications. You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time.
Lulu is an advocate for global consumer privacy rights, protection and security. Copyright © 2017 Lulu Press, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
The surround seem and EQ functions — specially the bass Enhance — only provide to additional increase the expertise. The cherry on top is that the headset is extremely relaxed, which has a sturdy layout, plush padding, and an auto-fitting headband. Feels like a winner to us.
No spam, we promise. You could unsubscribe at any time and we are going to hardly ever share your specifics with out your authorization.
The worth isn't really going to be for everybody but for just a list of cans You need to use for the two gaming and never be ashamed of about the commute, there's absolutely nothing better.
If you like solitary-player game titles and live alone, you don't have to have a headset in the least. You may use speakers and enjoy the room-filling ambiance, and shout into your reasonably priced and mediocre monoaural headsets the Xbox One and PS4 include.
Even though the aesthetics are under subtle, the build excellent is best notch, providing a heft and sturdiness not Commonly present in headsets at this cost range. We like The easy, well put volume and mic controls, too.
We identified its design for being snug, although not by far the most tough. It need to last if taken care of with treatment, but the light plastic isn’t quite potent. And speaking of not breaking points, be nice for the usb receiver. Should really that factor malfunction, you’ll have to switch the entire headset. Fortunately, The full offer is just $twenty five.
This headset also nails every one of the attribute factors you’d be expecting from significant-high-quality equipment which include auto shutoff, hassle-free wireless connection, and lengthy battery existence.
That has a pricetag of $fifty, the Corsair HS50 could be the economical headset on our listing. Even though that’s wonderful news for any person on a tight spending budget, even These seeking to spend more should want to provide the Corsair HS50 some thing to consider.
The Cloud Revolver S from HyperX features amazing versatility. You’ll have a few individual link varieties in the ready find more info — three.5mm, twin 3.5mm, and wired USB. This variety permits the headset to hook up with nearly any platform. Though presenting a number of link varieties isn't a feature solely exclusive for the Cloud Revolver S, the headset requires compatibility a action even more by getting rid of the necessity for almost any added breakout boxes, program, or driver downloads.
Lastly, contrary to several cumbersome headsets with gaudy patterns, the Arctis Professional’s design and style appears to be mature and Experienced. Its aesthetic mimics trendy audiophile headphones, which has a novel, a single-sizing-matches-all headband that may be amazingly snug and may be tailored with various earpad fabrics and headband kinds to fit your style.
The initial main consideration is what gaming System(s) you’ll be working with Together with the headset, since the supported link will differ from console to console. Modern headsets will join by means of a single (or more) of the subsequent strategies: One 3.
Memory foam cushions glance following your ears although astonishingly obvious audio fires alone into your brain. The Pleasure of such headphones is that you can head out and rely on them wirelessly with Bluetooth in your smartphone for 14 hours ahead of heading within, plugging into your PS4 or Xbox One particular controller and filling your head with good gunfire and music.
It’s a truly plug-and-Perform peripheral, which isn’t as prevalent as it absolutely was previously for high-stop headsets. That is of utmost relevance Along with the USB relationship, which takes advantage of a USB dongle showcasing its have crafted-in seem card and a controls for Dolby 7.one virtual encompass seem and EQ configurations.
The headset is run because of the Logitech Hybrid mesh Professional-G motorists. These neodymium drivers provide a bathroom regular frequency response of 20 - twenty,000Hz, and they may have a seem to match.
Thanks to my friend Dave I finally got my backdrops mounted for the Windsor St crossing area. Again, it’s amazing what a deadline will do!
I decided to shoot some overview photos of all the progress I’ve been making ahead of my open house. Here’s the layout as it sat at the end of May 2018.
I recently reached a significant milestone on the Windsor St Layout: no more naked foam in York. I took a series of “walk around” photos to commemorate the occasion.
I’ve been winding down construction on the Windsor Street layout because there’s just not that much left to do. One of the finishing touches is to paint the fascia.
I’ve been spending a lot of time working on downtown York, which believe me, EATS time. However, I took a few minutes to finish ballasting Black Bridge. Here are a pair of photos.
I was honored to be asked to be asked to present on my NCR layout at the 2017 NMRA Mid-Eastern Region Susquehannock convention. This post includes the download of the presentation and some additional materials that I included and couldn’t include in the clinic.
I’m still intimidated by York itself (and its multiple square feet of structures and hardscape), but I’ve made progress nonetheless.
So, with a layout centered on “Windsor St Yard”, it only makes sense that I include the actual Windsor St crossing. Windsor St is the small road that crosses the tracks just south of the yard. I wanted to make sure to do the crossing justice, but also had to fight with the actual layout […]
There’s no faster, cheaper prototype in the world than a sketch on a sheet of paper. What’s unclear in words is suddenly crystal clear in a sketch, and you—and your team—can tackle problems in entirely new ways. Play around with ideas. Document your process. Think on paper. Visual thinking brings a whole new power to work.
Think you can’t draw? Don’t worry! The simplest sketches are the most effective at communication and problem solving, so you can begin drawing in less time than your average coffee break. Learn more, and purchase!
How do you inspire a diverse team to work together, going all out in pursuit of a single, challenging goal? How do you get your team to commit to bold goals? How do you stay motivated despite setbacks and disappointments? Get Radical Focus: Achieving Your Most Important Goals with Objectives and Key Results It’s not about to-do lists and accountability charts. It’s about creating a framework for regular check-ins, key results, and most of all, the beauty of a good fail – and how to take a temporary disaster and turn it into a future success. Now in audiobook format!
When you or a loved one is suffering the debilitating effects of an injury or illness, your time and energy should be devoted to the medical care you need. If you are fighting the government for Social Security Disability, Supplemental Security Income, or CAPi benefits, however, you will have little time left for anything else.
at The law offices of raffi r. shahinian, we are committed to providing the assistance people need during this difficult process. Because our practice is focused exclusively on SSD/SSI/capi, we are extremely knowledgeable about the legal and regulatory requirements to establish disability. We know what the Social Security Administration (SSA) requires for medical evidence. and we understand that each case is unique. Whether you are filing your initial application or are at the appeals stage, our attorneys and staff are ready to help. For a free consultation, please call (818)244-8843 or contact us online. We handle cases throughout southern California. our fees are ordinarilly contingent in nature, meaning you pay nothing unless and until your case is approved.
Nier was one of the cult hits of 2010: clearly not a game for everyone, but still deserving of a place among my favourites. Several things make Nier special, but right now I want to talk about how its towns and cities feel (to me, at least).
The unnamed village Nier calls home is a somewhat idealised rural setting. Green fields extend to the north and south, and the marketplace is active, if not exactly bustling. The background music in the village is tinged with sadness, but always manages to feel like coming home. The waterwheel turns, the farmers fatten their stock, and residents share a drink at the local tavern.
Catch a glimpse of Shanghai’s vibrating atmosphere. Ride under a leafy archway of plane trees in the French Concession, admire Normandy style cottages and relive the atmosphere of “Paris de l’ Orient”. Another option is to discover the old shanghai neighborhood and walk through its narrow lanes. Perfect for an open-air adventure and to experience the sidecar when your time is limited.
Your ride is tailor-made, off the beaten path and designed according to your level of knowledge of the area and your centers of interests, respectful of the local culture and all inclusive to offer you a memorable experience. Custom rides and multi-day expeditions are also available in China and in Morocco.
CONTACT US: If you are trying to book a last minute ride within 24 hours or if you have any questions and just prefer talking to a human being we understand – you can email us at the Contact Us link or you can call us at +86 138 176 169 75. We try to get back to everyone within 24 hours.
As this is a private ride, you set the pace. Your insider will accompany you based upon what you want to see and how long you want to stop. And if you see something you like along the route, just yell STOP! Your wish is our command. Our rides can accommodate up to 4 passengers by jeep and 2 passengers by sidecar from 2 to 99 years old.
Our rides start whether at the main entrance of the Portman Ritz-Carlton in downtown Shanghai. If you wish to start from your hotel, we can provide you with a transfer service. Just select the transfer option in the booking process and give us a pick-up location.
We offer rides in other languages! When you send us your booking form you will be asked if you need an insider who speaks a language other than English.
Our rides are all inclusive. Knowledgeable insiders speaking the local language, sparkling vintage vehicles, waterproof gear, helmets, site entrances, refreshing drinks and a savory local lunch for day rides.
French champagne, souvenir kits for kids or adults, Action camera renting or professional photographer…we do offer a wide array of options to make your ride truly confortable and memorable. Just check it out during the booking process.
In case of no-show or if you cancel within 2 hours of your ride you will be responsible for the total amount of your ride.
Visit our help page to find answers to your questions or contact us by email at book@insidersexperience.com
Bespoke, off the beaten path and exclusive, our all-inclusive ride are a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Go further away, with our multi-day expeditions in China or Morocco.
Our custom-made adventures are strictly private, adjusted to your preferences and your pace. We never combine guests into larger groups.
Our rides are all-inclusive. We want you to truly enjoy the ride right from the start and forget about logistics or unexpected situations. Vehicle rental (driven by an insider), helmets for adults and for kids, entrance tickets, sun cream and bottles of water are included. For the day ride, a traditional lunch is included. Alcohol, tips and personal shopping are not included. Please note that the use of helmets is compulsory by law and should always be respected. Disposable hair nets will be provided for each passenger. Our helmets are kept in perfect condition, cleaned and disinfected after every ride.
We have two dedicated meeting points in downtown Shanghai either at the Café Bitter for our jeep rides or at the Portman Ritz-Carlton for our sidecar rides. If you wish, we can also come pick you up at your hotel at an additional cost. We can drop you off wherever you like in downtown Shanghai at the end of your ride.
Wear comfortable shoes, pack sun screen and your fully charged camera. Helmets will be provided by your insider. Rain showers are a possibility, particularly in June and July. Make sure to pack a light rain coat but don't worry too much. Your insider will have rain gear for you should you forget, and the rain is beautifully warm if you want to get wet! For winter rides (December - February) bring a nice warm coat. The temperatures never drop that low, but the humidity makes it feel that little bit cooler in the evenings especially. Rain showers are a possibility, particularly in May and June. Make sure to pack a light rain coat but don't worry too much. Your insider will have rain gear for you should you forget and the rain is beautifully warm if you want to get wet! For winter rides (December - February) bring a nice warm coat. The temperatures never drop that low but the humidity makes it feel that little bit cooler in the evenings especially.
From 2 to 99 years old, fun in the jeep or on three-wheels is for all. Kid helmets are available, and a special itinerary can be tailor-made for our small guests. Kids below 12 need to be accompanied by one adult.
Challenge us with a specific request is what we enjoy the most. All our rides are tailor-made according to your desires, just ask upstream so we can craft a memorable journey just for you. Please let us know your requirements in the "Special Requests" box at the end of your online booking process. A set of options is also available to spice up your ride.