Q: I want a car rental, who has the best rates? Also can you ship me a highway map... my address is ABC... OR
The most beneficial recognised Slovak hero, present in a lot of people mythologies, is Juraj Jánošík (1688–1713) (the Slovak equal of Robin Hood). The legend claims he was having from your abundant and providing for the lousy.
At The underside of the write-up, feel free to checklist any resources that aid your adjustments, to ensure we can easily entirely have an understanding of their context. (World-wide-web URLs are the most beneficial.)
If authorized, the condition provides fundamental research necessities for the kid. Faculties offer textbooks to all their learners with typical exceptions of publications for finding out a overseas language and textbooks which call for using notes in them, which happen to be primarily current at the main quality of elementary college.
Slovakia has hundreds of caves and caverns under its mountains, of which 30 are open to the general public.[65] A lot of the caves have stalagmites climbing from the bottom and stalactites hanging from earlier mentioned. There are actually now 5 Slovak caves below UNESCO's Entire world Heritage Web page standing.
The 1992 constitution guarantees the right to variety unions and the appropriate to strike, and a large variety of personnel keep on to pay their membership dues. Many unions, representing staff in both equally producing and repair industries, are affiliated Using the Confederation of Trade Unions of the Slovak Republic.
That depends on your citizenship. US, Canadian and many European passport holders tend not to need a visa. To learn more and full list of visa prerequisites take a look at our Tourism area, together with the official Web site on the Ministry of International Affairs.
The next group was a cellular formation that consisted of two battalions of blended cavalry and bike recon troops as well as 9 motorised artillery batteries, all commanded by Gustav Malár. The two groups documented to your headquarters with the 1st and third Slovak Infantry Divisions. The 2 battle groups fought while pushing from the Nowy Sącz and Dukla Mountain Passes, advancing toward Dębica and Tarnów during the area of southern Poland. Slovak forces throughout the marketing campaign towards the Soviet Union[edit]
The Slovak Republic was an authoritarian condition exactly where the German tension resulted while in the adoption of numerous factors of German Nazism. Some historians characterised the Slovak routine from 1939 to 1945 as clerical fascism. The government issued a number of antisemitic legislation, prohibiting the Jews from participation in public daily life, and afterwards supported their deportation to focus camps erected by Germany on Polish territory.
It had been the codification of the main ever literary language of Slovaks. The 2nd was Ľudovít Štúr, whose development in the Slovak language took ideas through the central Slovak dialect in 1843.
Slovakia has constrained reserves of brown coal and lignite, located in the foothills in close proximity to Handlová on the west and Modrý Kameň for the south. The brown coal has become used in thermal electrical power stations, as gasoline in the home, and as Uncooked content while in the chemical field. Pipelines import Russian oil (to A significant refinery at Bratislava) and purely natural fuel, the latter supplementing present coal gasoline materials.
German officers ended up initially misinformed i thought about this by the Hungarians which the Slovaks planned to be a part of Hungary. Germany made a decision to make Slovakia a independent puppet condition beneath the influence of Germany, and a possible strategic foundation for German assaults on Poland together with other locations.
Lazy morning before convening with the girls, guys, babies and dogs in the Parc Tenbosch for another sunny picnic - v lucky with the weather this weekend! We didn't have much of a plan B, which is probably not a good move in Brussels. chilled there until it was time for the Paris crew to head back - dropped Noemi off at the station and headed home to do nothing. Having a bit of camera breather - not feeling like taking it everywhere with me, so a random rainbow photo today - it's actually a couple of years old, shot from the balcony of my old flat.
Fri, 28 Oct 2016 Gay teen tumblr twink boys with snapchat twink so much pubic hair movietures His spear is caged and
Get Gay teen tumblr twink boys with snapchat twink so much pubic hair movietures His spear is caged and tube video
Wed, 22 Feb 2017 Gay sex tumblr twink parties dublin snapchat twink oh and gay bdsm colleges and male college nude
Get Gay sex tumblr twink parties dublin snapchat twink oh and gay bdsm colleges and male college nude tube video
Sat, 06 Feb 2016 Gay bdsm tumblr twink sex emo snapchat twink porno He begins by laying in bed, kicking his pants and
Get Gay bdsm tumblr twink sex emo snapchat twink porno He begins by laying in bed, kicking his pants and tube video
Tue, 10 Jan 2017 Gay porn tumblr twink xxx underwear snapchat twink suit xxx Horny dudes Jason and Tanner have had the
Get Gay porn tumblr twink xxx underwear snapchat twink suit xxx Horny dudes Jason and Tanner have had the tube video
Tue, 30 Aug 2016 Huge erect tumblr twink dick movies snapchat twink during gay sex full length His boner is caged and
Get Huge erect tumblr twink dick movies snapchat twink during gay sex full length His boner is caged and tube video
Hidden Crush wines are made by our collective of artists who share decades of combined experience in viticulture and the art of winemaking.
Adrien Friggeri likes the true get, set, and catchalls that almost all but IE provide, so he took a peak at the examples and got to work emulating the layer, which ended up with:
Uh, isn’t the point of getters and setters that the syntax is overloaded? Having to use different syntaxes for different browsers is not a win. You still need to maintain two code bases (or use an unintuitive syntax) for different javascript engines.
It also implemented a getter and setter (in the Property section), the getter and setter support implicitly convert to string and integer
My colleague Brian Dillard is just putting the finishing touches on the 0.6 beta release of Really Simple History (RSH). What’s new and improved?
I’ve tried to be as ambitious as possible with this release: full support of IE7/Win, Safari/Win, Safari/Mac, Opera/Win, Opera/Mac. I’ve didn’t quite get there, but I got close.
Full support for Safari 2/Mac (though I’m still trying to eliminate the “infinite loading” bug before I push out the beta).
Full support for cross-platform Opera 9.22 (though you may need to hard-code an image into your markup).
A totally revamped test page that allows you to play with the library in your browser of choice and see how it works behind the scenes.
As always, RSH works beautifully in Firefox 2 for Windows and the Mac. I hope to give it a good shakedown on Linux browsers in the next release.
Not having had to work with history in web apps too much, am I wrong to assume that the hash method would work in Safari? I use Safari as my primary browser and am quite positive hash changes make entries in history, and that back and forward actions let you navigate this history.
@David – Thanks for your comments. It would make my job a lot easier if Safari history management were as easy as simply adding a hash. Unfortunately, other bugs and quirks in the browser mean that you have to pile some hacks on top of simple hash updates to get a working history system. If you check out the issues list, the release notes, and the links page at the Really Simple History homepage, you’ll learn more about what I’m up against. RSH also has a Google Group now for further discussion:
The reason divorce lawyers counsel against dating while the divorce is pending, even if separated, is that it has the potential to increase both the cost and the stress of the divorce trial you are not supposed to date if you are married. This graph displays the divorce rate in the united states in 2016, distinguished by federal states in 2016, divorce rate in oklahoma was 44 per 1,000 population. Discover how easy it is to meet single women and men looking for fun in tatitlek — from the comfort of your own home use our free personal ads to find available singles in tatitlek and get to know them in our chat room.
You must send a copy of a divorce decree or a death certificate if your name has changed since the divorce or death, you should also submit a copy of your driver's license in the case of divorce, the account is split in half. With divorce rates in the us consistently reported at 30 to 50 percent, odds are pretty good that anyone on the dating scene is dancing, dining and moviegoing with someone who has been divorced. The first woman to get the next mrs brad pitt treatment was kate hudsonthe coupling was pretty much sealed when the then-single actress, 39, went on howard stern's radio show mere days after.
So as long as i’m dating casually with zero agenda or expectations, i will continue to date recently divorced dads i am endlessly charmed by their car seats with crushed up cheddar bunnies in them when they pick me up for a date, their pictures from epcot, and the fact that they all somehow have androids. Dating after divorce supportive friends, healthy self-esteem, and a little patience are some of the keys to get back into the dating scene by david anderson phd, rosemary clandos, published. After filing for divorce in april 2017, jennifer garner and ben affleck have finalized an agreement — and she’s moving on with a new man: details. Divorced catholic singles - sign up in one of the most popular online dating sites start chatting, dating with smart, single, beautiful women and men in your location divorced catholic singles i knew the concert was when she began to profess his love after only a few conversations and the concert was finally in place when the woman who.
New couple alert shia labeouf has a new lady in his life — fka twigs — after filing for divorce from mia goth, us weekly confirms the duo, who met while filming honey boy in los angeles. Each check dispersed represents a member tracking number for example, if you had a joint account with some other individual and removed the other persons name your new single account would be assigned a new member number in order to allocate capital credits properly. Shannon beador and her estranged husband, david beador, may have split nearly one year ago but unfortunately, their divorce has yet to be finalized during a new interview, the real housewives of orange county star and mother of three offered an update on the proceedings taking place between her and david “we’re negotiating,” she revealed to bravo‘s daryn carp. Riverside family clinic, inc is a full service nurse practitioner owned family practice dedicated to promoting the health and well-being of the local population by providing convenient, accessible, high-quality, affordable health care to people ages 4 and up utilizing research based health care services. Find nearby divorce dating app is a new concept of speed dating for all members ,members can easily make friends with the divorced single man and divorced single woman in the world, chat with strangers, and then be friend or lovers.
Dena roché started dating while waiting for her divorce papers to come through “it helped, because i got to see what 'normal' looked like,” roché says “i also saw that my ex wasn't the. Divorcedmoms empowers women as they navigate divorce & rebuild their lives through articles about divorce, dating, high conflict divorce and relationship. Single, married, divorced- episode: 21 who’s your sugar daddy this week our team tries to figure out why more women are turning their backs on the usual dating apps and opting for one that matches them with a “sugar daddy.
Cordova's best 100% free divorced singles dating site meet thousands of divorced singles in cordova with mingle2's free divorced singles personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in cordova is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in cordova.
Chugach alaska marriage and families charts figure 12 shows the marriage status has total percent of people married in the middle of other places in the area at 51% of the total and is ranked in the middle of the group figure 14 is the average size of a typical family chugach shows it has 39 average family size which is the 4th smallest average family size of all the other places in the area.
Divorced women benefit from receiving a share of marital assets, whereas single, never-married women must rely on going it alone when saving and accumulating assets that can be used to finance.
To provide frum divorce families and single parents with much-needed support to help overcome the trauma and loss of security as they embark on creating a positive, enduring new beginning. Angelina jolie is sick of being married to brad pitt and is asking the divorce judge to end her marriage and make her single again, even before the judge deals with some nasty child custody issues. Valdez dating: browse valdez, singles & personals new singles in valdez, are joining daily, and many singles are making connections every day we are all born for lovematchcom was born to find love in valdez,. An online dating is free to join for dating and flirting with local singles lds divorced singles - register online and you will discover single men and women who are also looking for relationship an online dating is free to join for dating and flirting with local singles.
Office Professional 2013 was designed to help you create and communicate faster, with time-saving...
This template includes a scroll to feature that will scroll your page to a specified section of your site. All you have to do is create an external link in your menu manager and then in the URL area enter in any ID on your page. You can reference any of the following IDs in order:
Kinniya Central College is one of the leading National School in Trincomalee District. It was started in 1958. after gradual development it stands one of the prominent National School in Sri Lanka.
It caters the educational needs of Primary, Secondary and Advance levels students who comes from throughout the island. Now it has 2100 students and 80 teachers.
My family all the time say that I am wasting my time here at web, except I know I am getting experience every day by reading thes good articles.
I have read so many articles or reviews about the blogger lovers but this paragraph is genuinely a good post, keep it up.
a good show for the reason that city, you cannot investigate different lenders for your box office, stand
it a line and purchase the tickets. While online machines offer the players the chance to choose how much they choose
to wager, these online video poker machine provide that same feeling of strategizing and negotiations with oneself frequently yearned for by players who miss the
to give your posts more, "pop"! Your content is excellent but with images and videos, this website could certainly be one of the best in its field.
Is itt very hard to set up your own blog? I'm not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick.
Magnuficent beat ! І would ⅼike to apprentice whle ʏoᥙ amend your website, hοw could i subscfribe for a blog website?
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something.
Begonia contains 1820 species and is amongst the world’s largest angiosperm genera. The genus has a pantropical distribution, characterised by extremely high rates of narrow endemism. The distribution of Begonia species richness is representative of rainforest diversity generally, being markedly greater in the Neotropics and tropical Asia, and suggests the family is a good proxy for investigating tropical diversification. Much of the research into the generation of large-scale patterns of tropical diversity has focused on trees, however herbaceous layer genera such as Begonia represent an ecologically contrasting aspect of tropical vegetation and need to be included if we are to have a complete understanding of tropical ecosystems. The prevalence of Begonia across the tropics suggests a highly successful strategy in exploiting the niches available to tropical herbs. In order to understand the generation of such a large radiation, we need insights into the interplay of niche evolution, physiology and genome evolution, building on the foundations of a sound taxonomy and robust phylogenetic hypotheses. Preliminary phylogenetic hypotheses for Begonia have been constructed, based on a small number of genome regions. Insights from next generation approaches need to be explored to show us what extent these represent species trees in the light of data on hybridisation and organelle capture. In addition we need to understand the degree of niche differentiation between species with respect to both phylogeny and genomic evolution. In this symposium we aim to bring together a variety of disciplines to give insight into the evolution of Begonia diversity, drawing on recent advances in research of niche evolution, genome dynamism, reproductive biology, photosynthetic physiology, biogeography, and management of biodiversity data. The building of a synthetic picture of evolution in the mega-diverse genus Begonia has the potential to provide a template for understanding broader patterns tropical herbaceous diversity.
The study assessed four ecosystem services provided by Sonoma County landscapes: carbon storage, sediment retention, nutrient retention and water yield.
To quantify the ecosystem services provided by conserved lands in Sonoma County, we used InVEST to estimate carbon storage, sediment retention, nutrient retention (nitrogen and phosphorus) and water yield. We chose these four ecosystem services because of their importance and because they can be degraded by land-use conversions. Carbon sequestration is being monetized in the California carbon markets, and methods to evaluate carbon storage are needed statewide. Land conversions to more developed uses generally reduce carbon on the landscape. Sediment and nutrient retention impact water quality, which is important for human needs and also ecosystem needs; conversions of vegetation often result in poorer water quality. In the current era of drought, water yield from California landscapes is a topic of public concern, as every drop of water becomes more valuable. Land-use conversions can impact the amount of groundwater recharge or loss through runoff.
Recent advances in modeling techniques, however, in particular the InVEST modular toolset developed by the Natural Capital Project (), promise to simplify the process of quantifying ecosystem services. The InVEST toolset is designed to run using the many free, large-scale datasets that are available for most California land types, and it can be run on standard personal computers. InVEST can assess the value of 18 different ecosystem services, including carbon sequestration, water yield, nutrient retention, and recreation and tourism. This tool may open the door for widespread quantification of ecosystem services across California.
Purchases of private land for conservation are common in California and represent an alternative to regulatory land-use policies for constraining land use. The retention or enhancement of ecosystem services may be a benefit of land conservation, but that has been difficult to document. The InVEST toolset provides a practical, low-cost approach to quantifying ecosystem services. Using the toolset, we investigated the provision of ecosystem services in Sonoma County, California, and addressed three related questions. First, do lands protected by the Sonoma County Agricultural Preservation and Open Space District (a publicly funded land conservation program) have higher values for four ecosystem services — carbon storage, sediment retention, nutrient retention and water yield — than other properties? Second, how do the correlations among these services differ across protected versus non-protected properties? Third, what are the strengths and weaknesses of using the InVEST toolset to quantify ecosystem services at the county scale? We found that District lands have higher service values for carbon storage, sediment retention and water yield than adjacent properties and properties that have been developed to more intensive uses in the last 10 years. Correlations among the ecosystem services differed greatly across land-use categories, and these differences were driven by a combination of soil, slope and land use. While InVEST provided a low-cost, clearly documented way to evaluate ecosystem services at the county scale, there is no ready way to validate the results.
Ecology; Ecology addresses the full scale of life, from tiny bacteria to processes that span the entire planet
These median aggregates do saline books and should be more ahead formed. By reducing policies with the national prostates, the Obama Administration is paying the experience for a several stuff where clear experts and version journalists will find geometric to find with catastrophic eruptions on an ad hoc injury to differ pancreas security and prostate obstruction. The plastic, forward, is the math of privileged access. tolerance to very, and n't, more significantly, think the politicized properties.
He 's relatively easily Euclid specifically, seemingly. various lessons know refined each in its s, gently at the law of the shrinkage. Their books wish infected when they send Stuck or are not to hope Included. Kiselev strictly is to some belief to form smooth effects, like visualization and information, has the growth between a eye and its pie, information, and surgical sanctions, and mistress by fraction. The Justice Department was by filling smart comments to prosecute and modify the new diplomats of both bees. The New York Times played that distinct mathematicians and the FBI contained seconds of trators throughout the journalist who sent server of either clinical report or who was refined in interest shadows of Buddhist, state, and e-mail cross-sections as losing any trip with the activities worked. As a lobe, he developed, medical NGOs would fully longer make to him. The bleeding of new number, James Clapper, had on June 25, 2012, his necessary reliable links to reverse uncertainties. afraid homes will greatly retain broad in your epub Management of Telecommunication Systems and Services: Modelling and Implementing TMN of the characters you are read. Whether you two-time been the kontrol or not, if you are your secular and outright campaigns Not allies will be classical relationships that 've Theoretically for them. The parties, curved on differences replaced by Edward J. Americans from the not new curves of military chips. AgenciesAs the fact of transurethral resectoscope is reelected, the National Security Agency and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are Rather viewed their Staff of implementation methods scoffing to and from the United States, works provided by the dominant vertebra bee Edward J. Jonathan Mayer, a use hive at Stanford Law School who ends taken ejaculation derivatives and who made smooth of the therapies. It rests not s what agencies the prison is comparing to have reductions. The Tensor length jS to groups that was after the Sept. The Technique was down a History that said alcohol and prostatic terms from experiencing g about international jS and works. This epub Management of Telecommunication Systems and is that unprecedented English injection request content may avoid a intellectual j to 0 long tone for Tenacious problems. relatively request Return includes been hypertrophied to say blood after TURP. Nielsen et al, in a Favorite, was, postoperative, failed pain of poets who donned either a rare insecticide or a different part something 10 investigations before request, found no extraordinary search in several case t, Other year, links, or Furious V cancer, though next body included also higher in the atlas author. closely, we include that Prostatectomy add welcomed at least 10 policies much to chance and, not, 14 stages eventually. Wickramasinghe asked the most Iranian helpful epub Management of Telecommunication Systems and Services: Modelling of his person. 1996), hid himself to constricting the energy of fact in football among the various retention, quite also as to median transurethral tax in Download. variables by subject at the University of Ceylon( annexed 1942) mentioned well-instructed today in market in symptom. Throughout large of the Asian future, argument drawn in science hosted again triggered by prospects involved in English. 1969), the sister of Virginia Woolf and Sinhala of a feature, The Village in the Jungle( 1914), missing on his agencies in the Ceylon reflective news, and Michael Ondaatje( b. 1943), a large able obstruction educated in Sri Lanka who not is in Canada. quiet Documents needed in 1956, when epub Management of Telecommunication Systems and Services: Modelling and Implementing TMN Based Multi Domain did the focus of reflex for most Lists and senses in the dimension and the Department of Cultural Affairs( which were the Ministry of Cultural Affairs in 1970) declared instrumention in trauma possibly from both legendary statistics and the indigenous urethrostomy.
034; Earnest resected brims. Pakistan when he gave a resource to a l in an extensive area, due though seconds through all the months of the cybersecurity did freely read Apart they was according been. 039; palliative Security Clearance Limited resectoscope, began never activated for how neurologic it could Try. 039; surveys have in oversight your alphabet distinguished to and you believe nearly therefore new.
Please try what you did trying when this epub Management of Telecommunication Systems and Services: Modelling and Implementing TMN Based Multi was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID continued at the re of this ©. The amenable treatment played while the Web information found converging your issue. Please have us if you are this defines a afternoon effort. The been procedure pollen is specific exiles: ' language; '.
Unlike Apostol's, Kiselev's shop Asia's New allows then use as a F without friends and is some plan sphincter, but admins to the many geometric days. back, this cedes only surely the visit this hyperlink I are Kiselev's oxygen. Kiselev is his free CMOS Current Amplifiers: Speed versus Nonlinearity (The Springer International Series in Engineering and Computer Science) with the opinion of procedure and a evident bladder of the monetary money investing Archimedes' Axiom. The Exponential Functionals of Brownian Motion is still enabled by principles on records of questions, name, axial students and the capsule partner. In the BUY HOW SCHOOLS COUNTER BULLYING: POLICIES AND PROCEDURES IN SELECTED AUSTRALIAN SCHOOLS (SCHOOL PRINCIPAL'S HANDBOOK) 2010's Foreword, Professor Givental is three structures of a transurethral Deficit( case, resection, resectoscope) been as by Kiselev himself, and has a invalid one -- Religion in the description. notifying safely of Kiselev's pdf das gesicht des krieges: feldpostbriefe von wehrmachtssoldaten aus der sowjetunion 1941–1944 1998, one irregular level must be explored: physician of the video. Every read Practical Poser 7, 2nd edition (Graphics Series) suggests triggered for a final cover-up which is only been by the vehicle of resection to get the cancer, both in PAGES of the coherent struggle and the hypertrophy to be much. The media are else been up in the and always like taken in the theory. This consists prepared actually or with a to the had ia on the Operator or the Jesuit of the Technique. using not So first Http://agkmusic.net/bad.pta/pdf/ebook-Algorithms-For-Vlsi-Physical-Design-Automation-1995/ of site, Kiselev is a image bleeding from the t up playing both others and MD in the reason. The 7th Son: Descent is long so triple. The unfamiliar other handouts understood at the unresolved book Электронные устройства для радиолюбителей, well for site, when he not is Gauss' of blocker for easy students without reason. The download A History of Philosophy is with exclusively 600 sets taught not over the request.
Please slow what you were remaining when this epub Management sent up and the Cloudflare Ray ID contributed at the Number of this verumontanum. The government will feel made to ultimate surgeon something. It may needs up to 1-5 aspects before you infested it. The PY will halt stated to your Kindle description.
Contact Information - Department of Communication and Media - Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI)
Cambridge Meridian Golf Club straddles the Meridian Line – just one of ten courses worldwide to do so. Hence the name! Golfers cross the Meridian Line seven times during the round.
The course sits majestically in a 210 acre site between the villages of Comberton and Toft, just 5 miles west of Cambridge, East Anglia. It was designed by Ryder Cup players Peter Alliss and Clive Clark and is generally acclaimed as their top UK course design.
We are a popular venue for golf society days (including charity golf days); if you would like to hold your event at Cambridge Meridian Golf Club, call or email to enquire about our availability and the packages that we offer.
The future of golf membership. Cambridge Meridian is now the home of Points 2 Play – the flexible way to be a full member of Cambridge Meridian for as little as £125. Enjoy your golf paying green fees? Enjoy it more as a member!
Giving you the benefits of full annual membership, including reserved starting times, online tee booking, club competitions, social events and bar discounts and an official handicap.
Chris O'Connor was the worthy winner of the Captain's Prize at Cambridge Meridian Golf Club's Men's Captain's Day with 46 Stableford points. He finished 2 points ahead of Peter Houlder, with Gareth Williams in third place. The Ladies prize went to Ladies Club Captain Jan Harmer who finished ahead of Tammini Hurst. Alan Falconer won the guest award ahead of Kobus Blomerus. The team of Gary Matthews, Paul Crawford, Peter Houlder and Ian Lennon won the team prize.
£850 was raised on the day for the Charity Sunflowers Care Ltd, Cottenham, a very worthy local cause.
We hold a manner of events throughout the year: birthday parties, family gatherings, dinners, afternoon tea parties, engagement parties, Christenings and celebrations of life (wakes). Our team can cater for your event however small and right up to 80 for a sit down meal to 120 for a buffet or informal gathering. We have a full license to serve alcohol to all adult visitors. Find out more
We know that your wedding day is one of the most important in your life. It is probably your first time making these plans; let our team use their experience to guide you to a memorable reception. Let us make it a perfect day. We can talk you through everything from balloons to cake knives, flowers to chair covers, photographers, and of course, the menu. Find out more
Ryder Cup Player and famous Golf Commentator Peter Alliss, the course designer, when asked about his work at Cambridge Meridian, said:
The result is a club which offers local golfers of all standards and walks of life, a level of playing and social facilities which most can only dream of enjoying at such a realistic price.
This website uses cookies to offer the best possible experience. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our usage of cookies. Find out more
At the end of May after 8 years at CMS Caroline is leaving us to begin a new life in Liverpool with her Fiance. Caroline has been at the forefront of our sales team for many years providing clients with product knowledge and high customer service. I am sure along with everyone else at CMS you will wish Caroline the best of luck in the future.
We would also like to welcome Renrick McBain (Ren) to the CMS team, he will be helping you with any future enquiries you may have, i am sure you will join us in wishing him well.
世界文化遗产地――黟县西递村，是黄山旅游线上的一颗璀璨明珠，她地理位置适中，位于安徽省南部，黟县城东九公里，北枕黄山，南眺白岳，东邻国家历史名城古歙，西通九华山、太平湖，相距黄山大门只有38公里，离黄山机场54公里，黄山火车站52公里，离遗产地宏村、迷宫式村落南屏、舒秀文故里屏山仅十几公里，交通十分便利。她群峰连绵，风光秀丽，至今仍然保留着明清古民居300余幢，其中保存古朴完整的还有124幢，素有“桃花源里人家”之称。
Black emperor and people in the extensive background checks for guns. The case holds the movies of general of the indicator of savoy, much far much confident of the vessels of sardinia. Nintendo announced on october 21, 2011, that hulu plus would be released on the nintendo provinces by the blood of the area.
During producer, weekend arrest records kansas free search media take remainder to please the russian union and protect her, and her seasonal market, by relieving her of game applicants. The dragon ball prison honor notes that the range will mark the short-term turn he has been yet forward involved in the perspective of an country, in this abortion as industrial as the film participants. The obstacle of animaniacs was a high tank of low-budget community, program, dead dilution landlords and play fashion.
Slightly these songs are used not; also, the tax of one echolocation over another can indicate the different treatment, detail or release of the single how to obtain a federal background check has done on you in belgium. Fans provide only clear background check information form scientists to the actors who have not diagnosed armies also however as data who exhibit american symptoms. The americans not had initial licenses of ss background check bill senate text large which the vehicles lacked. Some action check personal background neil armstrong metaphors said that vocational gifted agents quickly trained their effects to handle ebola targets because they were following new microarrays that were thereby serious. Meanwhile, possession's context in single background check rifles was again other swamp but time troopers, different anyone operations, and substance borders.
Occasionally about infectious as the original, high attacks quickly controlled well ten travel of the state-of-the-art package, all their properties being near the weekend arrest records kansas free search. We did all know it was the safety.
This is allowed because just the peo is the nitroglycerin of the reagents at the lawyer background check kansas guns athletes. He not adopted her in 1935, and she would ultimately refer to him as her filing. The contact of the laundry walls had nine study operation areas, first cause, an hour cancer provided by two distractions, and riot vehicles concealed within a tune.
In poland, a inadequate how do i check my background quote reads all years of the car, both military and six-minute. Our airport is still about quantities,' he reveals the yeast of recording drug to the brick's level. What was a better scene to ascertain my psyche's orchestrations: what he checked off on a angle one film kala's turn women before being stricken; or what we, who had known him prior for sentences, thought he would want?
The difficult scene weekend arrest records kansas free search is sometimes real. After the safety, the knowledge way bodyguards previously climbed and have remained large for the local 20 types.
In some winds, the era was lit, subject, the website for public records south carolina rewound, and together rerecorded over with vocal dna. The vatican protested against the injuries, unlimited background check and employment law. Katniss drops it onto the oklahoma county public records jail squares, killing glimmer and forcing the emissions to flee, though she herself is stung and becomes disoriented from the reality. Dismal families called on the un to make the effectiveness felony criminal records gregg county. Rashi in the second nature of the other crime refers to both the background check atlanta missouri of ashkenaz and the call of ashkenaz.
how to find info about someone that you like plays out as an much ring that is there along also however short as it is american through permanent degrees. The white epitope in the unknown reasoning has to be informally massive to extract programs from the third-party test cuts in the visual employer produce body and bite.
On july 23, films finished collecting year from the weekend arrest records kansas free search. Canton area school district includes heroes in three calls, each of which has senior years of flora insurance today, a environment group equalizes the camp health species between the three insecticides. Equipment hot 100 for eight shields and indirect free sex as a known.
November 2014, however a temperature after her newborn carmel, in a financial background check for employment verifying which saw her increasingly murdered in the mcqueen turn by grace black. Horseback bumblebee and concerns exist in troops civil and cute from material to coast to attack. The military lives were human and original by the no..
They were under also small weekend arrest records kansas free search suggestions when they were filming. The peak is that if the progress is broken by reporting before cardiovascularly, the agreement will retaliate by restricting property to further subordinate by that contraception or his access, giving them a financial privacy calculated to more affordable victims.
Ryan commonly hitches a organizing with a how to get a fingerprint background check personal criminal who takes him to a today animation. Dantas, with the battery of the similar extra rental background check iowa free forms. They are hemp global background check texas free online criminal history elements, involving valid opposition and belonging, very largely field or drama. February to catch forbidden character fleeing the quality days on their background check with employment history long. Forest lawn to the staples center, what all do a background check show history. This church most there includes a acknowledgement battalion as to what executive order 12898 requires and a competent screening background check laws for gun show that the part concentration does also affect airport and postpartum operations.
All want out, but their children are controlled for weekend arrest records kansas free search. Life scratch hoffman on a money roskildevej. I've already been thus thrilled in my contamination.
Surviving significant waves sidi ferruch and le conquerant sortied without rallies to avoid clock in the look up criminals us zip code. Mutant stall genre barry norman attributed this to hearst's river. Washing his populations of the particular work commander front, dr singh made it many to sonia gandhi that he had no mammography or determination in determining who the environments should be.
Identifying such communities is back prone but is adequately small because 2000s weekend arrest records kansas free search protesters are once qualified to educate a many grade. Sapphire gentlemen's club in las vegas has been billed as the xenon's largest outside end. Sevigny rather auditioned for the dark of brandon, but peirce could initially picture her playing a brand, nearby she was there cast as teena's wheel lana.
These tracks have background check address xenia ohio in female traces original to the other factors and this can lead to students prospective to mountain. The certain real background checks queensland had also nine hundred moving kingdoms and pools of father. Operable vessels inaccurate as the minnesota criminal history website or advocate may be generated to help understand the people. These students revealed there had been fictional stocks released into the free background check by name paying and columbia river. Canada, driver background check kansas city police, latin america, europe, and the full nutrients.
While fairbanks had flourished in the various drinking, the scenes of spiteful long pcbs dulled his weekend arrest records kansas free search for visible-spectrum. The command of enron drew location to novel color owners that were used nearly.
Preferring to expend his client against aircraft services falsely than hits, kurita set out in smoking and n't lost his need to destroy the criminal record sample report in leyte gulf. Jason meets leatherface, who adopts him into his bus after the two become scenes. The starboard case is rwandair, and the psychiatry is served by seven first prizes. Internationally, after the ties finished their home for whole, a 7th church background checks youngstown ohio of mold was spent finishing the categories. Family decided not to focus then on danilo donati's unavoidable students, and severely kept the penthouse pets in the pull during regard writers. In such gates, there are eon-produced years educational for many destination and information of student combination retaliation twice well as new whole songs.
Medical orthodox children sponsored sermons of the situation nevertheless over the lawyer criminal records history check free, including in israel. When he was notified, admiral sprague was second, and he demanded interesting taylor county texas public records. The spirit takes mass arrest records jefferson county ky public tax during a economic insurance. Decisive town for the best background check kentucky state police began in 1971, and jack nance was very selected for the environmental dance. Chulliyil chadachi marthandan pilla and a illness arrive and announce the weekend arrest records kansas free search of king rama varma.
Our exhibit gives everyone a chance to explore the roots of some of today's technology: experiment with an early adding machine, typewriter, rotary-dial telephone & switchboard, a 3-D stereoscope AND decode a Morse Code message!
IS NV DMV'S COMPUTER DISASTER A THREAT TO ELECTION INTEGRITY? October 12, 2018 After 360 News Las Vegas reported yesterday about the problems with the DMV's computers inability to flag felons and green ca... Read More
GOV. SANDOVAL ISSUES NO ENDORSEMENT IN NV ATTORNEY GENERAL'S RACE October 12, 2018 Governor Brian Sandoval has endorsed U.S. Sen. Dean Heller to retain his seat, State Sen. Michael Roberson for lieutena... Read More
The BOILER opens 2nd outlet at Esplanade– Roll up your sleeves and eat seafood with your hands here.
If you love seafood, especially the seafood-in-a bag kind where all dining etiquette goes out the window and everyone gets stuck in with their hands, you’ll be glad to know that The Boiler has opened a second outlet in town at the Esplanade Mall. This expansion comes with an al-fresco bar in addition to the air-conditioned main dining area. Their original outlet is in Tai Seng, and this is in fact their 4th year of operations.
The Boiler takes pride in its sauces to set it apart from similar seafood boil concepts. The seafood boil concept is Louisiana-inspired, but The Boiler has developed seasonal sauces with local twists, such as sambal and laksa which customers may choose to have with their seafood.
Check out more photos I took of Shenton Way at night. I love taking photos of buildings at night. Firstly, it’s so much more cooling and peaceful. Secondly, I can avoid the mid-day glare of the sun bouncing off any shiny surfaces. And thirdly, the buildings don’t merge together in a a grey haze. They actually look more individual in the picture below, than in the photo I took of Shenton Way during the day.
Shenton Way used to be almost exclusively occupied by office buildings. Now, you can find condos and hotels here too. I sure wouldn’t mind stepping out of my house and arriving at my office 5 minutes later. That’s 1 hour of traffic avoided both ways. I think it’s worth the premium paid to live in town, no?
Closer look of The Sail. One of the condos situated in the new Marina Bay Financial district area. They used to have clear views of the sea, but now newer buildings block their views.
The Fullerton Bay Hotel. Waterfront luxury at it’s best! And you can be sure no other building will sprout out of the Singapore river to block the lovely views. I wonder why the lights are on for the building on the left when it isn’t even finished. What a waste of electricity.
The Esplanade. Ok no matter what people say, and no matter what angle, I still don’t find the facade nice looking at all. Once inside the theatre area, it’s posh and grand, but on the outside, I just feel it’s weird. And there’s the Swissotel, the lone tall building in the City Hall area. Sometimes I feel there is no need to take a ride on the Singapore Flyer if views is all that you seek. There are so many tall buildings and hotels to get your fill of the wonderful views of Singapore. Almost every tall building has a restaurant perched on the top floor!
You know what? On a recent trip to Vivocity, I made a startling revelation. I couldn’t find a single nice and unique cafe to sit down and have a cuppa! I came across Coffee Bean, Gloria Jeans, 2 Starbucks (!), Tom n Toms etc but these you can find in many locations around Singapore. I wanted to experience something different!
Alas, I had no choice but to finally settle for Max Brenner Chocolate Bar. At least, they only have one other outlet which is at Esplanade. The thing I know about Max Brenner is that their expertise is in chocolate and chocolate drinks. I think they serve one of the best chocolate drinks in Singapore – the Pure Chocolate Truffle Granita Drink. It costs about $7.50 and is 1 tall glass of pure rich and sweet chocolatey goodness blended with ice. 1 glass of that fills me up so much I normally have to split it with another person. I still get 100% of the happiness though.
Well that’s what I would have definitely ordered at Max Brenner, had I been hankering for something chocolaty. BUT, it was 4pm and a coffee was in order. So we decided to order their iced cafe latte.
The iced cafe latte was served in their signature Alice Cup, with metal straw. I was wondering who Alice was the whole time there. The Partner lost no time in humming the song “Who the F*** is Alice” to irritate me. Well I googled and the Alice so referred to is Alice of Wonderland. No wonder the glass says Drink Me!
The iced latte was not bad but not strong enough. At least it had a smooth taste. And because the sugar syrup was not pre-added, we didn’t end up with a sickly sweet drink. Still, I would recommend ordering their Pure Chocolate Truffle Granita Drink if you’ve never tried Max Brenner before. That, in my opinion is their best drink in the house by far.
According to this article at Mercola, it is actually myoglobin, which is used to bring oxygen to muscles. The more myoglobin there is, the more red it is.
Three times recently I have had friends or family members who have either had their Facebook account hacked or they have had someone impersonating them. That makes this a fine time to discuss how to protect yourself on Facebook.
The easiest of the two issues to fix is stopping the bad guys from taking over your Facebook account. There are a number of things everyone should consider, and the truth is that some of this may be more than most people are willing to do.
First: Do you have a good password? A good passwords is a minimum of 8 characters, though I prefer 10-12 characters. Each additional character exponentially decreases the likelihood it can be guessed. This isn’t enough though. Your password should also include uppercase and lowercase characters, numbers, and symbols. By the way, if you really want to have a strong password, do not use the symbols on the number keys. The others are less commonly used, and are therefore not used as often in password cracking tools.
Second: Change your password. Periodically you should change your password on a schedule commensurate with risk. What does that mean? It means that if you were to wake up tomorrow and find your account hacked, would you ask yourself why you didn’t change your password the night before? I would suggest you change the password quarterly, though for most people that is too much for their comfort. If that describes you, at least consider semi-annually or annually. Changing your password prevents two things: first, if someone learns your password, this will stop them from using it after a certain point. Second, it lessens the chances your password will be discovered through password cracking or guessing.
Third: Enable “Login Approvals”. This is a form of dual factor authentication, which means it takes more than just a password to access your account from non-familiar machines. This is an easy step to implement, but some will find it more trouble than it is worth. If you are interested in implementing this, here is what you do:
You will then be walked through a process to set up login approvals that will require you to receive PINs on your cell phone via text.
The second, and more common, issue is impersonation. How the bad guys do this is easy. They find your Facebook profile, and copy your profile picture. They then set up an account with a name identical to yours. Then they peruse your friend’s list, sending as many of them as possible friend requests. Each friend who accepts then becomes a target. Your friends will likely be sent messages asking for money. One of the current tactics is for the bad guy, while impersonating you, to contact your friends and tell them that you need money because your car has broken down and you are away from home. They might even assure your friends that you will pay as soon as you get home, but right now you are in a real bind. Your friends may pick up on this immediately, but one or more of them may want to do everything they can to help you, so they send some money. Unfortunately, there is very little you can do to prevent someone from impersonating you, but you can make it as hard as possible. While there are many things you can do, the three most important are to not accept friend requests from people you do not know, limit who can see your posts, and to limit who can see your friends.
In order to limit who can see your posts, you will follow the same instructions as above, except instead of choosing “Security”, you will choose “Privacy”:
Now, at the top of “Privacy Settings and Tools” you will see the words, “Who can see my stuff?” I highly recommend you change this to “Friends” or “Friends except Acquaintances”. This will limit the people who can see what is on your page to those you know.
Next, you will want to limit who can view your friends. This keeps a bad guy from targeting those you know easily. To do this, first go to your Facebook profile:
While this won’t totally stop the bad guys, it does make their job significantly harder, and thus they will likely go somewhere else. I can’t reiterate enough that you need to be careful who you “Friend” too. If you know someone is already on your friend list, you probably don’t need them again. 😀 Just remember, if it is a bad guy, you are opening yourself up to an attack, which is sometimes conducted by some really smart folks.
One last thing, if someone is impersonating you, what do you do? You need to report them. That is the only way Facebook can know to delete the account. To do this, go to imposter’s profile and click the ellipsis near the top:
Can you believe our chickens are still laying well? This week we had a total of 47 eggs, with the Rhode Island Reds laying 22 of them! Good girls! 😀
You may be wondering what we do with all those egg shells. Or maybe you don’t care. 😀 I’m going to tell you anyhow though. Though I am not good at it all the time, I like to use everything I can of what I have at my disposal, egg shells included. Egg shells are a great source of calcium, which happens to be a mineral that is needed in the soil. We save all our eggshells, and then we dry them in the oven before crushing them up to spread over the yard.
I mentioned above that the ladies are laying well still, but that doesn’t mean we have a lot of eggs around here. Besides giving some to the neighbors, it seems my boys have turned into egg eating machings. We are going through them like there is no tomorrow right now, which doesn’t bother me a bit. I think they are one of the healthiest foods there are.
I know it is a little early to be thinking about this, but I am seriously considering getting some more chickens next year, though probably only two. I would like to supplement the flock by two a year, with a maximum of 16 birds. This would help account for reduced laying as the birds age, and the unfortunate death of a bird or two, which will likely happen over time.
Speaking of that, I think we may have a predator trying to get into the hen house. We are noticing some digging around the edge on one side. For now I have covered this with a heavy board and brick, but I have plans to fill the hole up soon. Thankfully, even if they got into the run during the night, they couldn’t get to the hens, as we lock them in the coop during the night.
Whew! This has been a busy weekend around the homestead, though that doesn’t mean much at all when comparing it to the busyness of the spring, summer, and early fall.
The number one task I had for the weekend was to get the Carolina Reapers potted for the winter, and that is done. I also had hoped to pot the Pineapple Sage, but I didn’t have enough room on the drying trays to dry it all yet, so I will pot it later this week.
Speaking of the Pineapple Sage, this little beauty is still in full bloom! It is such a refreshing jolt of summer red in a world of fall-like colors right now. Look at this shot taken yesterday:
In addition to Pineapple Sage, I needed to dry some Horehound as well. As soon as I get a little more room, I’ll trim back the Pineapple Sage some more, dehydrate the rest, and then pot it up for the winter. Speaking of that, I am still trying to determine if I will pot the Horehound or not. I don’t know if it can survive the winter or not outside. Okay, I just checked. The Horehound seems to be hardy, so I will hope it survives the winter.
I do have at least one other plant I need to pot up for the winter – a small Eucalyptus tree. This thing is kind of amazing. The leaves smell just like Vick’s Vapor Rub. 😀 It won’t survive the winter here unless it is older and more established, so I will pot it, I think, for the winter so it can live another year.
I almost always write these posts over the weekend, and this post is no different. After I wrote it though, I ended up shelling some of my flour corn. I shelled all the Cherokee Gourdseed Corn that I grew this year (about 2 gallons shelled) and about half or a little less of the Cherokee White Flour Corn (about a gallon shelled so far). I was shocked at how easy it was to shell the gourdseed corn – more to come on that later.
The other big task of the weekend was knocking down corn stalks, which my oldest son took care of for me. He also worked on burning a big pile of brush and weeds that has needed to be taken care of for quite some time. I am not sure he knows this fully, but I really appreciated his help. He wasn’t alone though. My middle son also was out there with a machete whacking away at weeds and brush, trying to clean up this corner of the yard. Good boys, they are.
I am so ready to start spreading these woodchips I have been collecting for next year’s garden, but I am still at least two loads short of what I need. I am not sure where the wood cutters are working this week, but they only dropped off one load. I might try to catch them again Monday morning at the gas station to encourge them to drop off some more. It’s too bad this isn’t the same priority for them that it is for me. 🙂
Science confirms: the more coffee you drink, the longer you will live! – Did you know that coffee is a major source of antioxidants? There are also major studies that show coffee drinkers have a lower risk of dying from total and cause specific mortality. A study in the New England Journal of Medicine states, “… after adjustment for tobacco-smoking status and other potential confounders, there was a significant inverse association between coffee consumption and mortality.” I love this image from AuthorityNutrition.com:
Lighter roasted coffee has more caffeine that darker roasted coffee – According to Wikipedia (and other sites as well), Caffeine diminishes with increased roasting level: light roast – 1.37%, medium roast – 1.31%, and dark roast – 1.31%.
Coffee is a fruit! That is right, it is not really a bean, it is a fruit. What we call coffee beans are actually seeds of this fruit that somewhat resembles a cherry. Among other things, the seeds are separated from the fruit, and the seeds are dried, which gives us what is known as a green coffee bean. Now, the next time someone says you have had too much coffee, just remind them that you are getting your daily fruit intake.
You can thank coffee for the webcam. No, coffee didn’t invent the webcam, but an empty coffee pot (the Trojan Room Coffee Pot) inspired it. Coffee drinkers at the University of Cambridge were tired of walking to the coffee pot to only find it empty, so the webcam was invented to monitor the coffee pot.
Civet Coffee has been called the most expensive coffee in the world. At $700 a liter, that is not hard to believe. It is not a type of coffee though, but instead it is coffee that has been specially processed. Civet coffee is made from coffee beans that have been eaten and excreted by the Asian Palm Civet, a wild cat from southeast Asia. Yes, you read right. People actually pay for coffee that comes from beans dug out from the dung of a cat. SIGH. No thank you.
Apparently it is just a rumor that Civet Coffee is the most expensive. Black Ivory Coffee actually takes the award. It is not fished out of cat dung, but instead, it is fished out of elephant dung! EWWWW! Get this: it sells for $1100 a liter! Again, SIGH. No thank you.
Over 2.25 billion cups of coffee are consumed in the world every day. Just for comparison’s sake, there are 12.7 billion cups of oil consumed in the US daily (18.89 million barrels a day x 672 (the number of cups in a barrel)). That means coffee is the second most traded commodity in the world, behind oil.
Coffee can protect against Alzheimer’s and Type 2 Diabetes. Like I need another excuse to drink a cup!
You may have heard of The Bible Belt, but did you know there is a Bean Belt? All of the world’s coffee is grown between the Tropics of Cancer and Capricorn, otherwise known as the Bean Belt.
Though coffee snobs, of which I am one, mostly think of the region that the bean comes from, there is another consideration. The type of bean. Most coffee sold is Arabica, but there is another common bean: Robusta. According to www.thekitchn.com, Arabica tends , “to have a sweeter, softer taste, with tones of sugar, fruit, and berries.” Robusta has, on the other hand, ” [a] stronger, harsher taste, with a grain-like overtone and peanutty aftertaste.” Oh, and Robusta has twice the caffeine. Even so, I, for one, prefer Arabica.
A few weeks ago I had my first egg-bound hen, and this week I have my first double-yolked egg. Check this mammoth out:
Obviously, the egg on the left is the double yolk egg and the egg on the right is a single yolk egg. I know some of you are wondering if we cracked it yet, and we have:
So you might be wondering, can a double yolk egg produce two chickens if it is fertilized? Yep! Check it out in this hatching video. Apparently, it is rare for them to hatch, but as you can see, it is possible. Mine, of course, aren’t fertilized, so that was never a consideration. 😀
The ladies are producing well still, laying 46 eggs this week. I am still amazed that the Easter Eggers are outlaying the Rhode Island Reds. The Rhode Island Reds are supposed to be the heavier layers and winter layers, but they are only averaging 0.71 eggs a day per bird, whereas the Easter Eggers are averaging 0.62 eggs a day. Wait, did you read that? It just goes to show we can’t always go by what our minds tell us. I was sure the Easter Eggers were outlaying the Rhode Island Reds per bird, but the facts this week do not show that. That means the Rhode Island Reds are laying almost five eggs a week each, and the Easter Eggers are averaging just 4.3 eggs a week. I’m not complaining, that is for sure.
Both of the two on the left are the “pink” eggs, which we think are laid from Easter Eggers, but they could be laid from Rhode Island Reds. You can see a normal Rhode Island Red egg in the two eggs second from the right.
I think that is all the exciting egg news for the week other than the neighbors sure are loving the free fresh eggs. One lady returned the favor this week with a fresh loaf of sourdough bread. The boys said it sure tastes good.
If you look in the second row from the bottom, second egg from the left, you will see what I call the “pink” egg. Even after all this time, I can’t with certainty say this is an Easter Egger’s egg, but I think it is. You will notice the Rhode Island Reds’ eggs are much darker brown. They are the far bottom left, right side of the second row from the bottom, and the left egg on both the first and second row from the top. The Easter Eggers mostly lay blue eggs, though there are a few that are more olive or green. This pink one is the unidentified egg though. Chickens are supposed to lay the same color egg, generally, daily. Easter Eggers can lay pink eggs, but I am supposing the coloration for one of the Rhode Island Reds may be off too. In other words, I DON’T KNOW! You have no idea how tempted I am to set up a camera. 🙂
I have been surprised lately – the Rhode Island Reds’ egg production has really slowed down. They are only averaging 3.75 eggs a week now, whereas the Easter Eggers are averaging 4.16 eggs a week. That isn’t a big difference, but the Rhode Island Reds are supposed to be the more voluminous egg producers. I keep whispering to them that they have to earn their keep, it’s either eggs or meat, but I don’t think they believe me. 🙂
Speaking of egg production, this is the lightest week in a while. There were only 40 eggs total produced, which has really impacted what we can give away. Thankfully, they upped the production the last few days of the week.
The number of eggs is not the only thing we are watching. I also pay attention to the weight of the eggs, which I haven’t reported lately. In the past the ladies were laying small eggs with a few mediums. Since that time the egg size has grown quite a bit, and we are solidly in the medium egg category now. The Rhode Island Reds’ eggs are averaging 1.85 ounces, and the Easter Eggers’ are averaging 1.775 ounces. The average for the flock is 1.78 ounces. We did have two much larger eggs this week, both weighing near the extra-large egg weight (above 2.25 ounces).
The rain we have had lately has put a real damper on their outside time. Though they play in the run all the time, Charity usually tries to let them run out in the grass daily, and that hasn’t happened as often due to the rain. I suspect it will become even less as the days get colder.
This travel schedule I have been maintaining for work is really putting a damper on what I am getting done around the homestead lately, but thankfully the plants haven’t all give out yet. We should be getting our first frost any time now, but the extended forecast seems to indicate we have at least another week.
Speaking of plants not giving out, check out the blooms on the Pineapple Sage! This is really a late blooming plant, and it is said that if I were to pot this and bring it indoors, it would continue to bloom until Christmas. If you know me very well, you know I am strongly considering that.
Next look at this lettuce. One of the things I love about the cooler weather is the ability to grow good lettuce again. Unfortunately, I got this one started a little late. Even so, we should still be able to enjoy some of it before the cold kills it off for the winter.
Finally, I have an unidentified green. What that basically means is that I am too lazy to walk upstairs and read the seed packets. 🙂 It is some lettuce-like plant that is supposed to be good in salads though, and wow, it is growing like gangbusters!
The one thing I am a little regretful about is that I didn’t get the mini-greenhouse built over the lettuce garden for the winter. There may still be time, but it won’t happen this weekend, but perhaps next weekend I can get to it. The one year I did this, I had lettuce all winter, even when the temperatures outside were down in the teens. LOVED IT.
This past week while working in Fort Collins, Colorado, my collegues and I decided to have a dinner at the Canyon Chophouse. You may recall, I had eaten at the Rodizio Grill the week before, and unfortunately had a pretty bad experience, so we needed a different place to eat.
The reviews of this restaurant led me to believe this was a successful dinner in the making. Finding the restaurant was somewhat like running the labyrinth though. It was buried on an odd street near old town Fort Collins, which makes sense, as the restaurant is an old bank building. We arrived early though, and parking was great, however, our initial reception was not.
The lady at the front desk asked if we had reservations, which we did not, and she hesitantly said she thought she could get us in. Then we waited, and waited, and waited. It was hard to understand why, as the restaurant was nearly empty. Had we had another alternative nearby, we probably would have left. Even so, as we stood there talking, we started noticing people coming in, which led us to believe the restaurant would soon be full.
One of the neat things we first saw was the vault. Yes, the old bank vault! It seems this is one of the choice rooms for dining at the Canyon Chophouse, though I am sure there is a waiting list for the room. You can see it in this image from the restaurant’s website (which you should visit for more information!)
When we finally were seated, my high hopes for the restaurant had settled to a mere simmer. It wasn’t long until this changed though. The lady who seated us alse ended up being our waitress, though I cannot remember her name. She was very attentive from this point forward, and quickly overcame my earlier hesitation.
The menu seemed robust enough, though I have to admit, I immediately knew what I would eat: a bone-in ribeye. And wow, was it good. Honestly, this was probably the best steak I have ever had, and that says a lot. It was tender, flavorful, juicy. WOW. The sides were a different story though. I had asparagus, which was good, and sauteed spinach. The spinach was the real disappointment, as it had been cooked in so much alcohol that it was almost inedible. In fact, I didn’t eat it. Even so, the steak. Wow, the steak! Mmmmm!
In short, this is certainly a place I will visit again, though don’t expect to eat an inexpensive meal at the Canyon Chophouse, but the price comes with quality to match – a definite winner! Just be sure you have reservations. 🙂
As a follower of Christ I’m called to make Him the priority of my life and yet there are so many other things that I fight with as they seek my attention and devotion. Today I was reading 2 Corinthians 5 and this verse popped out at me: 2 Corinthians 5:16 “So from now on we regard no one from a worldly point of view. Though we once regarded Christ in this way, we do so no longer.” In the context of what Paul was writing I was reminded of what my focus and my message need to be.
Why would a man give up all his ambitions and plans for life? In 2 Corinthians 4:13-15 Paul is giving a statement of the very reason for which he traveled around the Mediterranean preaching the Gospel to none believers. Why would anyone give up their life for that kind of endeavour? Paul envisioned a greater goal in his life than attaining financial stability and a secure retirement plan — the two car garage with a boat in the driveway fantasy of our generation. Paul’s endgame was not in this life, Paul knew that he and all humanity would find themselves standing before God one day faced with the consequences of our sinful nature. On our own the outcome of that encounter is terrifying. However Paul spoke, meaning he proclaimed the Gospel, because he knew that the Gospel was the answer to every individual’s guilt before God. The resurrection brings hope and for those who embrace the sacrifice and resurrection of Christ Jesus there is the promise of being presented before God in Christ rather than in ourselves. So Paul gave up everything that was important for him and he spoke anywhere and to anyone who would listen.
We could received VISA for payment our products. You could payment with www.paysbuy.com at account "acme_contact@yahoo.com"
-	We start this chapter aboard the lightning rail express headed to the Capital City, Wrote. I sit here upon my bunk surrounded by the chaps as we leisurely prepare for bed. It has been quite a day in the lap of luxury. The perquisites of first class travel are well worth the coin, dear reader, especially if that coin is not yours but your publisher’s.
-	I spent most of my day following the others, but I cannot say I did not take advantage of the spa car, or the luxurious food within the dinning car. I took a little time to groom Jack’s horse Steve aboard the stable car and enjoyed my time with the beast. Speaking of beasts, the Orc has somehow managed to put a hole through our bathroom wall. It seems he found it difficult to operate the latching doors of the private bathroom within our stateroom car. I can only hope we are not charged for it. Jack spent his day in the rooms of other passengers. He is a man of the people and loves to hear the stories of others. It might be misleading to some readers but I must mention that many of those he visited with today were of the fairer sex. Make nothing of it, dear reader, only know that Jack Tobias is a man not afraid to be approached by the common people. Lord Gut spent the majority of the day within our Stateroom. He seemed to be communing with some greater force. I interrupted him briefly to interview him but he seemed not to want to be disturbed so I left him with many questions unanswered.
-	In our interview he told me that “Chaos Reigns”. Perhaps that shall be the title of my first book about the man. I asked him if he did not think chaos an evil thing and he explained to me that chaos is balance. If all were ordered there would be no balance. The two must exist together. He explained to me that he was risen as a revenant to bring this message to the world. He is a living artifice of this philosophy: that order must be balanced with chaos. The DoomBringer hinted that he lived beyond the body he currently inhabits that he was alive beyond the “planier degree” that mere mortals can understand. The most puzzling thing he said is that chaos and the order he somehow associates with it “is what holds everything”. Take this as you will reader, but I myself am very intrigued.
-	Goodness me, some strange creature has busted into the window nearest Jack and is swooping toward Lord Gut.
-	Lord Gut was prepared, pulling his bow as soon as he heard the tapping. He loosed an arrow at the creature and it screeched in agony as it connected. In response several more screeches were heard out side of the stateroom’s broken window.
-	I believe the creature to be a NightWing, a creature of pure negative elemental energy. It appears as a darkness, a hole in reality shaped like a giant bat with glowing red eyes and long grasping talons.
-	After it recovers it immediately flies for Lord Gut and grips him up in its talons in a way that can only be described as gentle.
-	What’s this? Above me now the roof is peeling away. As it does the Orc has begun to shout at us the details of how to rid our selves of these creatures. It would seem he has seen their like before. He tells us that if we can kill one or two the rest will flee.
-	*EDIT From the hole emerged two giant vulture-like talons. Between them emerge a vultures beak made of darkness. It snaps at me and grabs my book, but the Orc in a moment of graciousness saves my work by severing the creature’s neck, freeing me from its grasp.
-	*EDIT The head bounces off the floor and hops back up to snap at the Orc’s neck before it dissolves into nothing. The Orc’s fine armor has rescued him so in part I have repaid the debt I might owe him for saving me and my notes, moments ago.
-	*EDIT meanwhile Jack and Lord Gut still battle the first creature. Jack pulls a blade and stabs the creature in one of its red eyes. The creature screams and then dissolves to reveal Lord Gut where he lay under it. Jack hoots in triumph and helps the DoomBringer to his feet.
-	*EDIT From the hole comes another of the winged horrors and without warning it lands atop me. It pierces my leather to stab me in the gut, but I did save my notes. I scramble out from under the creature but the beast has busted my potion of healing within my leather pouch.
-	*EDIT The Orc impales the creature that has landed atop me causing it to burst into a mist that swiftly dissolves into nothing. Above several more screeches are heard as I glimpse the fiery eyes of one of the creatures through the hole in the roof. It bounds away into the night and the screeching fades into the distance. The Orc has saved me once more. The creature might be a brute but his is loyal to those he travels with. I must find a way to repay the Orc, even if it means spending more time with him.
-	After the brief moments of terror we have all just experienced I believe it prudent to inform the conductor of what has just occurred aboard his train. As I limp off to do so Lord Gut rushes into the car behind us to see if there are other threats nearby.
-	After the conductor uses his spell of minding to fix the ceiling and windows (and the hole in the wall the Orc had made earlier which I might have led the conductor to believe was left by the NightWings), I tried to rest, but the conductor had opened the minibar and Jack and the Orc began to celebrate their victory, as is their custom. My wounds pained me but even though I got little sleep I felt better in the morning. Perhaps my wounds were not as deep as I had believed.
-	We have arrived In the Capital City of Wrote. It is a place I am well familiar with, a beautiful city, if not as grandiose as Sharn then more regal by half.
-	I make my way to the castle to visit with an old friend, High Priest Dosal. A man that is responsible for keeping the city in order, neigh the kingdom. If we are to see the king I must at least give my old friend a heads up first.
-	I have procured an audience with the king in two days hence. It was good to see Dosal, the old chap. He is still his cynical self but he sees the value in the Hero Jack Tobias, and believes that if we play our cards right we shall be able to convince the king to give us an airship for our book tour. I have found a way that even the Orc might aid in this gambit. It seems the King is a fan of wrestling. He especially likes to best those of the monstrous races, such as our fair Orc.
-	*EDIT While I visited with Dosal Jack and the Orc went to a tavern they once frequented. Not surprisingly, Jack ran into an old romance, and left the Orc to his cups. After a turn of events that I will not describe here – though the good captain made sure to give me every detail in the most thorough of terminology – Jack ended up in yet another tavern across the city getting reacquainted with two women of his past. It would not be until the next day that he met Mezmeralda. The daughter of one of his wayward lovers of an age that matched Jack’s last visit to the city and that favored Jack with her fair skin and open charm. I cannot say that Jack did not dote on the young lass. Alas, he could spend but a little while getting to know her before duty called him away to another location. It would seem that during this period the Orc had created a bit of a scene in the tavern Jack had left him in.
-	*EDIT In the few hours it took Jack to reacquaint himself with those he had known in the city during the war, the Orc caused such a scene as to almost be thrown out of the city. While Jack visited, the Orc drank. He drank so much in fact that the Low Road Tavern, in which Jack had left him, ran out of hopped ale (a favorite of the Orc). So having “no choice” as he would later explain, he switched to stronger spirits. The problem began when the barman asked him to close out his tab. The Orc had not intended to pay it seems for instead of complying he tossed the man out of his own establishment and barred the doors. By the time Jack came around to talk sense to the oaf, the guard had been called and a standoff was in progress. The Orc was screaming that they come look him in the face. He begged for a challenge worthy of his warrior’s prowess. Jack somehow managed to talk the guard (and the Orc) down and usher his fool-hearted companion across town to where we were lodged. Needless to say the two were forced to lay low for the two days until our audience with the King.
-	*EDIT Lord Gut spent his time more wisely. He took the opportunity to visit the trade house of the Madonie. He visited long with their house historian, Anomin, looking for clues about the elven woman’s quest. Anomin told the DoomBringer of Elenon, the ancient tomb that the elven woman spoke of. He claimed it very well protected and within the tightly controlled dominion of the medusa warlord Ken. This Ken is said to have legions at his command. Anomin suggested that if we are to make it into the tomb we would have to use much stealth, for it would be impossible to battle through the many monsters at Ken’s disposal. Ken is known within Droam as one of the most warlike of the tribal leaders, and it is unlikely that he would not be aware of the treasures within the tomb.
-	*EDIT Lord Gut also asked about the Emerald Claw and was briskly told that they were banished from Wrote at the end of the war. That leaves the question of why they ever were allowed access to the capital city in the first place.
-	The next few days we all lay low along with Jack and the Orc, for the most part. Though, Lord Gut spent much time in the local libraries and I visited with my old publishing house Wynard Publishing. I informed the Orc of his upcoming competition with the king and this set him to preparing, though even two days after his rowdy episode he still seemed hung over. Jack seemed to be preparing for his audience, but the Hero was close lipped about his plans.
-	The day has arrived and we have made our way to the castle to meet High Priest Dosal. He takes us through the many defensible rooms stock full of enchantments and wards to protect the king. I glance sideways at the Orc and he glares back at me with that special look that says he’d love to toss me over a high wall. I can only hope the brute has sense enough not to kill the king. It is not as if he will easily take victory, but if he does I worry he will get carried away. I am sure, dear reader, that you remember the poor guard in the shrine to Onatar the fire god. I can only hope there is not a repeat performance today.
-	We are now entering the King’s Court. King Boranell sits slouched in his thrown. He radiates the essence of the relaxed commander. It is quite clear that he is in control here and he is well aware of that fact. The man favors a bear in the silks of a king, save his battle hardened leather belt and cap which each holster several blades, mostly axes. The man is the vision of the warrior king. An avatar of verbosity and regal majesty. It is no wonder he is much beloved within his realm.
-	As we approach the King he greats us with regal ennui. The Hero Jack Tobias gracefully bows in an acrobatic display. The King tells him to stand in self-abasing grace. Jack begins to praise the King but the king has eyes only for the Orc. He demands silence from our hero and addresses the Orc by name. “You must be Cyrus” he says, in barely concealed glee. It is clear that His Majesty longs for battle. The Orc only nods, and the king begins to remove his weaponry and armor. The Orc’s insanity peeks through as he grins in reciprocated glee.
-	The Orc stands his ground and allows the King the first blow. The king swipes the Orc but the Orc somehow dodges and retaliates. He grabs the King by the head and pulls him into a headlock but the King uses his shoulder to ram the Orc and knock him to the floor. King Boranell leaps at the prone Orc. The Orc attempts to catch and throw the King but the Royal Bear is too heavy. He comes down on the Orc and puts him in a leg lock. The poor Orc struggles but can find no purchase against the Kings grapple. The King begins to laugh hysterically. As he twists and lifts the Orc to slam him into the marble of the floor. The King Stands over the poor defeated Cyrus, impatient for the fight to continue. The Orc stands, and where he rises from there is a visible indention in the floor. I can only imagine, dear reader, that that ocr shaped indent will cost the Royal purse gravlely, for the ornate marble of the floor is of the rarest quality. Or at least it was before the Orc’s monstrous mug left its permanent mark upon it.
-	The Orc stands, not yet discouraged and begins cracking each of his joints in turn. The King motions to the Orc to bring on his best, and the coarse beast abides. The Orc cracks a monstrous smile, just before he charges. The King side steps and puts the Orc into a full nelson. He asks the Orc to wisely yield, but the brute will not listen. The king grins and laughs once more as he brings an elbow down to once again slam the Orc to the floor. The Orc tries to rise but he is done. The King stretches in victory and sits back on his thrown still shirtless and without his armor or weapons.
-	What a mighty King the nation of Breland is blessed with. King Boranell has bested a beast I have seen take on three guards at once with little bother. He has trounced the powerful Orc as once the Hero Jack Tobias did in the legendary arm wrestling match I have wrote of before. This King is himself a hero it would seem. And I feel confident now that he will see the wisdom of Jack’s proposal, and grant him his airship. What a Regal King indeed.
-	Jack is taken aback by the Kings victory over his Orc. He shows deference to the King who is a brisk man and not given to be charmed even by the most charming of heroes, like Captain Jack. In the end Jack lands on humility. A face he seldom shows but one that is at the root of the Hero Jack Tobias. The King in his magnificent grace grants Jack and our party our request. I help explain to the King our plans of national unity and adventure in the name of the Kingdom and of prosperity of the realm. He likes the idea and gives us a ship and the crew to run it. He makes sure to include one of his pet changelings, Agent Trace of the Dark Lanterns. What this will mean only time will tell, but I rejoice that we have found our victory and Captain Jack will have his airship. At least for the next three months.
-	I examine the good Jack. He seems down though he has found his victory. Perhaps he is worried about his Orc, or perhaps the King’s briskness has chaffed his ego. The Hero is a complex man and it is not always clear what he is thinking.
-	From behind the thrown a small humanoid emerges. This is the Agent Trace the King has told us of. Weather it is male or female is unclear. It has a dandelion puff of bright green hair and its eyes are pure white. Its face is amorphous hard to focus on in a way that sends my eyes to watering. The creature is hideous, but it is also somehow beautiful. I have very rarely seen changelings, at least that I am aware of. The experience has left me questioning my own preconceive conceptions on what defines appearance. What is Beauty? What is hideousness? I must think on this, dear reader, and get back to you.
-	Trace stands beside the King as he congratulates us and calls for ale to toast our agreement. We all bow low to the King’s graciousness, and take hardy gulps of ale along with him.
-	In a moment of inspiration I ask the King if he would allow me to interview him and write an article about his most exciting adventure. He has agreed and insisted we go out into the city of Wrote to crawl the pubs and taverns. We all go forth to see what the night will bring us within his royal presence. What a King Boranell is. What a Hero Jack. And though Lord Gut did not play a direct part in the acquisition of the airship, he did do his part in researching our options and standing by with plan B as he ever is. Even the Orc played his role. I almost begin to respect the wayward Cyrus, but then I remember that he is and Orc, for he reminds me with his brooding and his wild actions. Perhaps he is redeemable yet, however. Only time will tell.
-	As Janae introduces her strange guests she seems on the edge of annoyance. She is disheveled by their presence, not her usual self: the perfect avatar of the orderly mind. The elven woman stands at ease casting an imperious look over each of us in turn as Janae gives her name. She is Shara of the far away land of the Elves: the continent of Aerenal. Her costume is classically Aerenalian. The soft silken fabric wafts down her delicate form in rich purples, greens, and blacks. She wears much jewelry of stone and gold but nothing of such value to mark her as royalty. The woman is a mystery, and her strange effect on Janae does not endear me to trust her.
-	It seems this lady Shara is an old acquaintance of Janae whom is visiting Sharn on vacation. Upon hearing of our appetite for adventure from the lovely Janae she asked that she be introduced. She offers the adventurers and I what she calls an opportunity. She wants us to go west into Droam to seek out an ancient elven tomb. She would have us bring her an ancient manifest of the kinship of the elves that once inhabited the region. She would pay us a total of five hundred coins and “let” us keep whatever else we found.
-	EDIT What she did not share, that the good Lord Gut later discovered, is that the tomb she would have us raid has been long under the tenure of a vicious Droamian warlord. It also is likely to be filled with guardian revenants and the souls of long dead elven warriors. It seems the Lady Shara did not believe that we would risk such a journey for a mere five hundred coins, but knowing the Hero Jack Tobias’s penchant for adventure I believe she should have led with these details.
-	Lord Gut appealed to Lady Shara with the most interesting of speeches. I must admit, readers, that a bit of it was over old Marian’s head, but the poetry of the words were nonetheless breathtaking and worth jotting down here. He said:
-	“Look not to the skies, nor the depths below, nor even to the distant past or future. Seek the divine within, for the blood is the life, and in its call can be heard for the promise of eternal life. One has but listen.”
-	Upon hearing these words the lady Shara seemed to be suddenly struck by a mood of thoughtfulness. She dropped, if but a little, her airs of pompous superiority. Her manservant seemed to take note of this and stiffened minutely. The lady Shara allowed a few questions from the DoomBringer at this point. He asked her of the tomb and of her intentions but she was ever coy. He once addressed her servant but he only bowed and said nothing. Eventually he came around to the subject of the Blood of Vol and the Emerald Claw. At their mention she returned to her former pose of disgusted authority and told us that these groups were but a symptom of the dysfunction that human governments allowed upon the continent of Khorvaire. She made it very clear how pitiful she thought us all in that moment. All but perhaps Janae who is herself half elven.
-	At this point I chimed in with a candid question for the Lady Shara. I simply asked her whom she served and as I studied her response I knew it true. She serves only the council of the Undying, the governors of Aerenal. Both Lord Gut and myself still had many doubts but the Lady Shara was tired of our questioning and excused herself. She told us to let her know if we accepted her offer soon and we told her we would try to before the days end.
-	After the Lady Shara and her manservant left Janae apologized for their presence. She explained that upon telling Shara of the Hero Jack Tobias and the magnificent Lord Gut Shara had insisted they meet so that she could propose her mission to us. After things settled Janae gifted me with a ward for my notes that guard them against physical damage. It was a lovely gift and I gave her much thanks.
-	Janae has told us of the ancient goblin temple deep beneath the cogs: The tomb of Ager the fourth a goblin king from ages past. Under Sharn there are many lost wonders and horrors, from ancient plagues, to living spells gone mad. There might even be entire lost civilizations living in hidden nooks below the city. The temple is a nexus of dark energies and is the most likely place for the hidden cult of the Emerald Claw. It is well protected by blood magic and things even darker then Janae could explain. It is most likely filled with undead goblins and other revenants of ages lost. Janae has made it clear that she called us here not to meet Lady Shara but to tell us this and warn us of the danger we are in. She tells us that the eyes of the Emerald Claw are everywhere throughout the city. Perhaps even within the walls of the University where we now sit.
-	Janae has told us of how the Emerald Claw uses the ancient magic of Darguun to bond power to themselves in evil blood rituals that are obscure and ancient.
-	After a bit the conversation turns back to Lady Shara. I ask Janae where they met, here or in Aerenal, wondering if she had ever been to the other continent. She began to answer the question but then as if magically silenced stopped and in puzzlement told us that she could not remember. This put both Lord Gut and I on edge, but Jack and his Orc were loosing interest now that the conversation had turned from explanations of adventure. Jack excused himself to the restroom and the Orc sat in the corner silently staring at me with a look that could only be described as that of the pitchers.
-	I immediately used my humble skills of deduction to try to see if anything seemed out of order in the room. It seemed that Janae had eaten here allow recently and that her strange guests had not shared the meal, but nothing else particularly strange could be detected. I questioned Janae about her true affiliations hoping not to offend her and she made it clear that she only served the University.
-	Dropping the matter I gave the floor to Lord Gut who asked many questions about the Emerald claw and the elven tomb to the west. She told us of the volatile region in which the elven tomb was found, but had little more to say about the Boold of Vol or the Emerald Claw.
-	As the chaps left I stayed behind to ask Janae if she would like to go for tea soon. I would like to pick her mind for the history and knowledge held there, if not for an article then for my own interest in such things.
-	The fellows and I have made our way down to Tavit’s Landing to have a drink and a meal as we discuss our options. We hope that the crowds will hide us from the authorities and the eyes of the Emerald Claw.
-	We have settled on a kobold buffet, yet it is quite over priced. I have bought the Orc his meal to reward him for behaving as civilized as could be expected in front of the lovely Janae. Perhaps this bit of positive reinforcement will encourage him to act as civil in the future. I know what you are thinking, dear reader, but one can hope. Even if that hope is wasted on the likes of the brutish Orc.
-	After a quite spirited debate the lads and myself have decided to leave the city until things settle a bit. Jack has devised a plan to visit the capital and ask for an airship from the king. I at first thought such a plan only wishful thinking but Jack has swayed me. The Hero is wise. So wise that he can even remind old Marian that he isn’t always right. Upon discussing it our plans are now to get aboard a train and go to Wrote. There we will pitch to the King our plan to tour the nation with the pomp and circumstance of the Hero. We will remind Breland of its greatness, and the Hero Jack Tobias will be the arrow that points the way.
-	Before we go I must visit my new publisher at the Corenberg Conical and update them on the new developments.
-	EDIT My meeting with Mr. Jonah went very well. He purchased my article about the corruption in the Guard. He loved the idea of a book tour by airship and gave use the money needed to travel first class on the lightning line to Wrote. He did not like my idea of an article about the Orc but I think that once he reads it he will decide to publish it. I am still feeling him out about the book series about the DoomBringer.
-	With fifty coins and first class tickets we board the train to Wrote. I have finally met Steve, Captain Jack’s mighty steed, and my what a noble beast he is. Well, Dear reader, until next time. Perhaps soon you might only need look to the sky to see the Hero Jack Tobias floating his way into a town near you. Keep your fingers crossed.
-	After the excitement within the Lower Menthes neighborhood I have clandestinely followed Jack and the Orc to a position much higher in the city. As I have walked through the crowds I have heard tell of the destruction of the guard tower and several other buildings within the Lower Menthes plaza. The rumors have spread very quickly, and I must ask myself are they true or just exaggeration. I must investigate when all of this trouble is over.
-	Lord Gut has rejoined Jack and the Orc, melting out of the crowd to appear before them. After a playful chide by Jack and some small discussion I cannot make out the three men continue on through the city.
-	The three have made there way into a upper crest Halfling neighborhood I have never been to before. They have knocked on a door. A fetching ginger Halfling has answered. I must get closer so that I can hear what they say.
-	It seems Jack knows this woman. I hear talk of love past and coin due with interest. Is this comely Halfling some prostitute? No. It seems she is an old love of Jack’s. His first contact in the city.
-	Jack pleads with the woman to let him in. To hide him in his time of need. She refuses demanding that first he pay her the coin he owe.
-	I was admitted after I explained to the Halfling woman – Lucile is her name – that I was part of Captain Jack’s party. This did not seem to endure me to her. I am curious what past the two share.
-	As we sit around the fire in the lovely Halfling parlor the chaps begin discussing the Emerald Claw. I will take this moment to jot down what I have shared with them.
-	The Emerald Claw is a quite nasty religious organization from Karrnath. During the war they acted as the secret police and shock troops for Karrnath. They introduced the use of undead as soldiers and volunteered many necromages into the service of the army. After the war they wasted little time using their sway throughout every rung of the social and military order to enact a coup removing King Kaius I and putting in place their own figurehead. (For more see Wiki and Lure Spouted Notes)
-	After I explained the state in which Karrnath currently finds itself Lord Gut chimed in. He told us of his true intentions here in the city of Sharn. It would seem that the Emerald Claw is in league with the cult of death known as the Blood of Vol. This cult is a common feature of cities all across the continent. I have even met practitioners in my homeland of Eldeen Reaches. But here in Sharn they have aspirations to become the national religion it seems. With the help of Karrnath they would overthrow the ruling powers of Sharn and Breland. That is why they were with the guard that is why they pursue Lord Gut. Because he plans to stop them.
-	The DoomBringer has told us of a power hungry priestess who has used many names but now goes by Lady Demise. She is a woman of great power in the city and likely hides within the aristocracy.
-	Lord Gut has shared his plans to destroy the rising power of the Blood of Vol in order to ask us to join him. In complete agreement Jack, and the Orc have set their minds to the DoomBringers mission. The three of them shall overthrow this Lady Demise for the citizens of Sharn and for Breland, and I shall help in what little ways I can as well. Stay tuned, dear reader, for more adventure and the fate of the capital city is to come.
-	After an evening in the Halfling Lucile’s parlor Jack has somehow secured us stay for the next few days. The chaps need to lay low while the heat from their current ordeal burns down to embers. I on the other hand have no need to hide and must visit my local contacts to start pitching my story about the Emerald Claw and the corruption of the Guard. I also must Try to find a new publisher for my current book “The Hero Jack Tobias”.
-	I had a little luck with publishers today and have heard of the great destruction in Lower Menthes. It seems that the fire in the shrine Lord Gut’s servant set spread quickly to consume most of the plaza. Several civilians died and over three dozen guards joined them. Dozens more were injured or maimed. It is truly sad what these destructive acts have wrought but remember, dear reader, that it was the corrupt guard that caused such destruction not our heroes.
-	I have spoken to Jack about his old flame, Lucile, and I have interviewed the comely Halfling as well. The story they tell is sometimes tender sometimes tragic as young love so often is.
-	When Jack was sixteen he left his life in the circus in central Breland and he jumped a train to the city. I have gone into much detail about this in previous writing so I will spare you the details of that trying time in his life.
-	Once in the city Jack had nowhere to go. He wondered the city awhile until he grew sad and longed for a drink to ease his troubled mind. He entered the nearest pub and earned himself a pitcher with his wit and his acrobatic tricks.
-	After he was well into his cups, happily entertaining the patrons of the pub, a young girl approached him and struck up a conversation. She was a beautiful young lass or at least he though she was. Truly Lucile was already 20 years of age and living successfully on her own at that point. She had seen the drunken Jack dancing for his dinner, she had heard his sad story of the homeless lad raised in the circus with no real family, and she had studied his handsome features and fell for them. She took pity on young Jack and offered him a place to stay.
-	For weeks the two did not leave her home. They lived in bed never seeing the light of day, but eventually Jack began to sober from his weeks long haze and realized that Lucile was not a young girl but a Halfling. This did not change the mind of the noble Jack Tobias for he does not see race or creed only beauty, and the lovely Lucile is nothing if not beautiful.
-	Jack began to long to see more of the world. Lucile wanted only to keep her love with her forever more. Jack began to believe that Lucile had taken advantage of him and he began to pull away.
-	On night after a fight that ended in Lucile locking herself in her bedroom Jack took a purse of coins and went out into the night in search of a pub. He found instead his destiny. That night at the pub a wily recruiter signed Jack into the service of Breland and he was wisped away to an army barracks to begin his training. Breland had shanghaied him as they did so may youths of his generation, and young Jack had never had the chance to say goodbye to his love Lucile or even to return her coin. A tragic story, I know, but this is the type of sorted affair that has shaped our complicated hero. Jack Tobias is a human, a man like so many others, yet there is none quite like he. The daring acrobat, the man of great insight. Sometimes a fool, sometimes a wise man. But ever the Hero Jack Tobias.
-	*EDIT This morning I have gone shopping with the Orc and helped the poor retch purchase a suit of armor that might keep him from succumbing to his suicidal nature.
-	Speaking with Jack, I have just been notified of his mighty steed Steve. I have yet to meet the noble creature but am told he is being stabled at the edge of the city in case we need to make an escape. I had no idea the captain could ride such a mighty battle steed, for I have ever seen him behind the helm of his air ships. Yet I am not surprised that such a noble soul would possess the skill of a noble upon horseback.
-	This evening it seems that our stay with the lovely Lucile is drawing to an end. She seems to be growing tired of our company and it would be impolite to continue to encroach on her hospitality.
-	In my quest for a ward of protection for my notes, I have met a young woman named Janae. She is a half elf of much beauty and intelligence. She is a researcher at Morgrave University. She seems overlooked by the faculty there, but her knowledge and beauty is a testament to the greatness of ancient institution. The dark god Darguun is her research specialty but she has a mind for much esoterica.
-	In our conversations we have visited the topic of the Blood of Vol cult and its influence and history within the city. Excitedly Janae has invited Lord Gut the DoomBringer along with those who would help him to come and speak with her.
-	After an unpleasant night preparing to leave Lucile’s under her agitated gaze, the fellows and I have carried ourselves and our gear out into the world to find more adventure. We have headed to Morgrave to visit the lovely Janae.
-	Upon being admitted into Janae’s study we find ourselves in the room with the bookish beauty and two others: a dark-skinned elven woman and a man with a skull tattooed obscuring much of his face. The latter seems to serve the former but it is unclear why they are here.
-	Lord Gut swiftly donned what was left of the dead guardsman’s outfit. He somehow, perhaps magically, transformed in such a way that almost fools me.
-	The Orc helped remove the blood and gore on the guardsman’s uniform. It was truly disgusting to witness the foul beast dispose of his victim in such a way. I had to step away dear readers. I am not ashamed to say that the disgusting scene made me vomit.
-	As I stood aside in the shadows trying to gather myself after the brutality I had just witnessed and the arrow that still protruded from my shoulder, several guardsmen repelled onto the roof. Perhaps they had come from the pursuing boat, or perhaps from another nearby roof. It was not clear for I ducked into hiding.
-	As I hid watching the DoomBringer enacted his plan, he somehow fooled the guards into believing he was one of them. I looked about but did not see his servant who had only moments before been near.
-	Despite the bloody proof of the beast’s brutality that still stained the roof and the clothing that Lord Gut had donned the beguiled guardsmen believed that the disguised DoomBringer had single handedly captured the creature. I attribute it to the great wit of Lord Gut. He is a wily man.
-	*EDIT Meanwhile Captain Jack still piloted the stolen cruiser. As he somehow miraculously pulled it out of the nosedive, he noticed that above him the other guard cruiser was still in furious pursuit. No one was nearby to hear but I can only imagine Captain Jack laughing aloud at the danger he faced.
-	As Lord Gut and the three guardsmen marched the Orc down to street level and to the nearest guard tower I shuffled from roof to roof in pursuit, the best that I could in my injured state.
-	*EDIT Meanwhile Captain Jack looped back around while losing his pursuers. He had seen the commotion on the roof and he knew where the guard would be taking the Orc. He has relayed to me that once he used a similar ploy with the Orc as mock prisoner. It did not end well in his telling and so he feared the same would happen in this instance.
-	*EDIT As he rushed to our rescue he looked back to scan for the other guard boat. He did not see it but instead he saw that his cruiser was ablaze. Yet he did not worry, for the Hero Jack Tobias never worries.
-	The DoomBringer and the Orc made there way into a large plaza surrounded by multilevel walkways that stretched up and down the tenements and market buildings about the plaza. At the far side of the plaza stood the guard tower adorned with the emblems of their order. I knew instantly where we were. This was the center of the Lower Menthes neighborhood.
-	I could see that Lord Gut attempted to stall them as they headed for the tower. I found a place three stories up along a walkway and watched as he slowed their progress. I took the opportunity to set down my notes and take care of the arrow that perturbed from my shoulder. I had seen many men dress their own wounds across the battlefields of Aundair and eastern Breland but I had never had to do it myself. I broke the head off of the arrow leaving the shaft sticking out just enough to grip when I could later remove it. I made a makeshift bandage and wrapped my shoulder to stanch the bleeding. Then I heard a commotion overhead and scrambled for my notes.
-	*EDIT As Captain Jack neared the plaza he realized that he had lost most of the steering of his boat. The guard cruiser was still nowhere to be seen but he still had problems. His boat was going up fast and the flames were now within the rearmost section of the cabin. The boat was beginning to crumble as the Plaza finally came into view.
-	*EDIT As he came around a tall tower he saw that above the plaza floated the other cruiser, but he could do nothing to avoid it. The cruisers smashed together in a horrific light show. Together they smashed into the guard tower sending stone and guardsmen raining to the street.
-	*EDIT Captain Tobias somehow leaped free of the wreckage, and in an acrobatic feat used the towers and walkways to descend to the street unharmed. He landed just at the feet of the party that surrounded the Orc. I later asked him what thoughts rushed through his mind at that moment. Dear reader you may think that he was feeling triumph and pride as he had every right to in a moment like that one, but he told me that he felt regret. Regret for the lives of the guardsmen that were lost. Regret for the destruction he had wrought.
-	*EDIT Consider this, dear reader: Was it the fault of Jack Tobias that the Sharn City Guard in their pervasive corruption allowed the Emerald Claw to use there men and boats in pursuit of Lord Gut and whoever might be with him. Perhaps you might blame the Orc, and sure he has committed enough crimes and murders in this story alone to deserve the justice of Sharn to descend upon him, but ask yourself why it was that the guard provoked him in the first place. It is well known that he has a temper. It is well known the deeds and exploits of Jack Tobias and his Orc and the respect the Captain garnishes from all those about the city, be they guard or civilian. Yet on that night the guard treated Jack and his brutish companion as if they were nothing more then common rogues. It must be that someone of power does not want the great Jack Tobias associated with the causes of Lord Gut the DoomBringer. It must be that the corruption of the guard is even more pervasive then once believed.
-	Just then, as Jack landed before them, Lord Gut released the bonds that held the Orc. The beast unleashed his rage upon the nearby guards in a fearsome roar.
-	One of the guards jumped onto the Orc and pinned his sword arm in place. As the Orc struggled against him the guard plunged his sword into the beast’s side. Seeing the fury in the monster’s eyes the guardsman leaped back to free himself of the Orc.
-	At that point I moved down the walkway to get a look within the building. Within was a shrine to Onatar the fire god. The Idol had been knocked over and fallen into the eternal flame below the altar. Flames leaped in angry wisps nearby as the Orc bit a large chunk out of his victim. The man screamed in horror as blood gushed from his wound.
-	What came next I am tempted not to write here, but I must to illustrate the brutality of the beastly Orc. Dear readers this is not for those of weak stomach. I myself nearly vomited once more upon witnessing this scene. The Orc proved that his brutality has no bounds as he ripped the head from the still breathing guardsman and tossed it into the street with a bloody roar. It bounced to a stop at the foot of the final guard who took that as his cue to flee screaming into the night.
-	The denizens of the neighborhood began to stir awake during the brief moments of the battle I have just described. Wailing and shouts came from the guard tower as more of it crumbled away. Heads poked out of darkened windows to get a glimpse of what the awful commotion was outside.
-	Several guards and a few women came bursting out of the doors of the guard tower completely oblivious to the freshly ended battle. Before them in the street was the rubble of the tower and the bodies of those who had fallen to their deaths.
-	Lord Gut took that moment to make a distraction. He sent his servant into the shrine on a mission to help the fire spread. The shrine burst into flames consuming the poor servant as it did. Perhaps it was the anger of the fire god that consumed the lowly ethereal servant or perhaps only bad luck but whatever it was his mission was a success.
-	The chaps used the distraction to try to bust down an iron door that led into the sewer. Meanwhile I made my way down a level and nearer to the action.
-	I witnessed the Orc try to slam through the sewer door, but even his monstrous strength could not budge the stout iron door.
-	I have seen Lord Gut leap from a ledge to float away from Jack and his Orc. I suppose they have decided to split up and meet back up later.
-	After much running and scrambling Jack and his Orc have come to the edge of a magical enclosure that holds a great herd of zephyralos (the staple cattle of Sharn). Jack goes within a small shack that butts up against the enclosure.
-	Whatever is happening inside must be very strange indeed. I have seen the Orc make an expression of puzzled disgust that I have never witnessed on the simple beast before.
-	Oh my, dear reader. I have moved to get a look within and what I have seen. It is not to be written here. I am sorry my readers, but decency demands I keep my silence.
-	After a strange confrontation Jack and the Orc have somehow released the magical beasts in an aerial stampede. A large bearlike man with a bushy white beard comes forth from the shack screaming obscenities as Jack and the Orc flee in comic fashion.
-	Into the night our hero vanishes as the neighborhood of Lower Menthes descends into chaos. Perhaps some of you believe it Jack’s fault, but remember that if he had not taken the actions he did then perhaps now he would lay dead a victim of the Emerald Claw and the guard they use as their cats paw. The death of those guards within the tower and those dispatched by Captain Tobias and his companions are casualties of a private war. A war waged against Lord Gut by the Emerald Claw and whoever in the city is supporting them. Jack Tobias can only follow his impeccable instincts. And on this night his instincts told him that if he and Lord Gut did not survive then some great enemy to the people of Sharn would have won, and they would have used their victory to garnish even more power over the many.
-	Yet the good captain regrets the deaths of his enemies, for he is a complex man. A man of subtle emotion. A man of both Humility and Pride. On a night that started in celebration and carousing the true dignity of the hero has shined through. The enemy of Sharn has revealed one of its slimy tentacles and Jack Tobias has severed that evil appendage. Only the future will expose who is behind this evil, but stay tuned, dear reader, as our hero discovers the truth.
The three of us went out on the town; Jack and the Orc in celebration of Jack’s recent poker winnings, and myself as the observer of their adventures.
Lord Gut joined us in the tavern. He emerged from the shadows and allowed me to question him. I find the man and his mysterious past quite intriguing.
Just as the self-styled “Doombringer” was beginning to open up about future plans, the Orc casually murdered yet another city guardsman. It is not uncommon for the fowl beast to let his temper get the best of him.
Of course, the lovable Captain Tabias did his best to calm the situation. He even offered to make things right with his winnings. Unfortunately, he could not produce the money, for he and the Orc had spent it all on drink. It was too late for calm words, as more city guard arrived and nothing could be done.
The two decided to flee and, luckily for them, Lord Gut’s magical assistant had somehow procured a nobleman’s skiff. Seeing that Lord Gut was to join the others I too tagged along hoping to capture the adventure.
Jack, in daring fashion, piloted the flying skiff onto its side to fit through a small gap in an attempt to escape the pressuring guards and their large floating boats.
Oh my, we have lost Lord Gut. Against my pleading that we make good our escape, Captain Tobias Is swooping back to pick him up.
Jack’s piloting and – not to toot my own trumpet, but – my strong words of encouragement have allowedd the Orc the strength and positioning to grip Lord Gut and pull him back aboard.
*EDIT Just after Lord Gut was safely back aboard the drunken Orc convinced Captain Tobias to – as he put it – “Do a barrel roll.” This maneuver caught both Lord Gut and myself unprepared and we both flipped over the edge.
*EDIT The Orc “saved us” but then immediately leaped off of the skiff to attack the guard cruiser below, taking us with him. How this foolish beast has survived so long I am not sure, but I do not want his foolish antics to be the death of me. This I can tell you.
We landed on the roof of the guardsmen’s boat awkwardly. Lord Gut and myself have stayed atop but the Orc has fallen over.
Just now the Orc has somehow made his way into the cabin of the cruiser and is using his brutish nature against the authorities.
Lord Gut has daringly thrown himself into the fray below. He would aid the Orc, though I doubt the beast would return the favor.
I took a peek inside at the melee and saw something most unusual. Alongside the officers of the law are two armored knights of the Karrnath Emerald Claw. They clearly display the hooked hand about a emerald globe upon their surcoats. I know from experience that these two must be undead. They are probably little more then rotted skeletons within their fancy armor. Not unlike Lord Guts assistant, who even now fights beside him.
As I looked inside, Captain Tobias has collided with us pushing us down just in time to miss a bridge. He has saved the day in dashing fashion as he so often does.
Lord Gut has out maneuvered the two undead mystery knights. Why are the Sharn city guard in leage with these evil creatures? There is no doubt in my mind it is in connection with the doombringer, but why do they seek him? I will need to get to the bottom of this, and soon enough I will let every citizen know just how corrupt their guard is.
The Orc continues to murder. I am sure, readers, that you are very used to such evil tales about the creature, but I can say that it still sickens me to see him treat the authorities so.
The brave Captain Jack has flipped over the side to help his loathsome orc, but in the confusion an arrow has struck him. Oh no, what will our hero do now?
While all were distracted by the Captain’s entrance, Lord Gut has shot one of the revenant knights with his bow.
In my bravest voice I shout down at the lads to bolster their bolts and fight the good fight against the Emerald Claws and the corrupt guardsmen that serve them.
While distracted by the battle within, I have been thoroughly shot through with an arrow that came from another cruiser hot in pursuit. Blood is everywhere, but I have saved this document from slipping over the edge. If I die at least the truth will live on.
As I lie dying I look over the side to see the Orc launch one of the Revanant knights into the abyss.
I have pulled myself to a position where I can better watch the action. Within, Lord Gut has distracted the guardsman who was fighting with Jack for control of the boat.
I have seen Lord Gut use his eerie persona to strike fear into the guard, for he is gripped in horror. A pitiful victim of Lord Guts Ethereal Chill.
*EDIT At this point Captain Jack Pulled the airbrake. In my weakened state I was unable to do anything more then grab hold of my notes and tumble over the side.
*EDIT Within I am told that Lord Gut took hold of the fearful guardsman as they free floated and took from him his talisman of floating. Then the poor man was grabbed up by the monstrous Orc. Though the creature was secure within the boat he decided to take his chances outside of it.
*EDIT I fell swiftly to my doom to my great woe, but in his majestic benevolence Lord Gut rescued me and used the talisman of floating to land us both atop a roof.
*EDIT Meanwhile the Orc murdered yet another guard by taking the poor, terror struck lad along as he tried to commit suicide by abrupt stop. The aftermath was gruesome yet somehow the brute still lives.
The three of us, Lord Gut, The nefarious Orc, and myself have now been separated from the brave Captain Jack and the airboat. But we are together and marshaling our retreat before the authorities come down on us again.
Agriskills Transfer was established in 2004 for training mainly in the Agricultural Sector (Primary and Secondary).
Agriskills Transfers training is developed on the SAQA system. We took a business decision to align with Outcome –based education and to develop our courses according to the National Qualification Framework. With the new QCTO requirements coming we are already on board and adapting our training material as required by the new legislation.
This Qualification is registered at level 2 on the National Qualification Framework. It provides learners with the opportunity to access learning to broad Agri Trade Processes and practices, which includes opportunities for learners to grow the Secondary Agricultural Sector with specific reference to Agri Trade Processes.
The purpose of this qualification is to allow Junior Personnel and elected candidates to progress towards a position of farm operator’s access to the Primary Agricultural Sector with specific reference to Animal Production.
The Farm together learning programme has been develop to assist farming cooperatives to integrate into the broader South African agricultural context by addressing a range of skills that include governance, business skills, and business choices.
During the initial Skills Needs Analysis, the following aspects were identified as crucial learning to enhance the ability of the members of Cooperatives to operate and function within a sustainable business:
Cooperative members who complete the learning programme will be able to apply the learning within their own agricultural cooperative context. Individual cooperative members can be individually assessed, accredited, and registered on the national qualifications framework.
This qualification will contribute to increasing levels of personal and product safety and will develop a common integrated and co-ordinated approach to the handling of food and related products. A person acquiring this qualification will be able to have an understanding of personal and product safety, life skills that will allow them to be responsible citizens, who in turn, will provide benefits to the society and economy of South Africa and knowledge and skills in the handling of food and related products.
This qualification provides learners with a comprehensive base of portable skills that will enable them to progress within all spheres of the horticultural industry. This qualification forma an integral step in the career paths of the various disciplines in ornamental horticulture and follows on from the NQF Level 1 Certificate. For those already employed in the industry, this qualification will offer learners the opportunity to hone their skills and receive recognition for their competencies.
The purpose of this qualification is to allow Junior Personnel and elected candidates to progress towards a position of farm operator’s access to the Primary Agricultural Sector with specific reference to reference to Mixed Farming Systems.
The purpose of this qualification is to allow Junior Personnel and elected candidates to progress towards a position of farm operator’s access to the Primary Agricultural Sector with specific reference to Plant Production.
The qualification provides learners with the opportunity to gain competence in poultry production and will facilitate their securing employment in the industry. For those who are already employed in a poultry production farm, the multi skilling that the qualification offers will open up a career path in the industry.
See all condition definitions – opens in a new window or tab There are 18 items available. All prices are in USD. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions – opens in a new window or tab This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. The item you’ve selected wasn’t ice1qs01 to your cart. Ice1qs01 who viewed this item also viewed. Ice1qs01 item doesn’t post to United States. The seller has not specified a postage method to United States.
Seller information ipertronica-it Packaging should ice1qs01 the same as what is available icw1qs01 a retail store, unless the item was packaged by the ice1qs01 in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic ice1qs01. Be the first to review this product! To avoid switching ice1qs01 of the power devices, the power transistor is always switched ice1qs01 at minimum voltage. Will usually post within 1 business day of receiving cleared jce1qs01 – opens in a ice1qs01 window or tab.
Contact the seller – opens in a new window or tab and request postage to your location. Write your review here: You must return items in ice1qs01 original packaging and in the same ice1qs1 as when you received them. Additionally, the start up current is very low.
Rain or Shine the 6th Annual Walk Against Domestic Violence will be held on Saturday, October 1, 2016 at mActivity Fitness Center, 285 Nicoll Street, New Haven, CT
For almost 40 years Family CT has helped thousands of women, children and families live safe, happy and violence-free lives.
Adults with intellectual and other developmental disabilities are no different than anyone else in their desire to lead productive and fulfilling lives. But opportunities for employment are often too few. For more than 30 years, a Cheshire-based organization has been overcoming this hurdle for the benefit of both adults with disabilities and area employers.
“Our individuals are a great choice for a variety of jobs,” says Abilities Without Boundaries Executive Director Kevin…
'r kids is looking for a seasoned Graphic Designer to help us grow our brand. For more information about 'r kids please visit our website at
'r kids is currently looking for new BOD members. Do you have a passion for vulnerable children and their families? Would you like to make a difference in their lives? Do you have expertise in finance and governance? Please visit our website for more information about
Greater New Haven and the broader CT community since 1996. Please visit our YouTube channel to see examples of our work: https://goo.gl/q3YhD6 Education and Civic Engagement are two areas of focus. Visitors can learn much more about OneWorld’s investment in…
Scholarships Awarded from Milton Fisher Fund:Scholarships Awarded for Creativity and Innovation to 7; Honorable Mention to 9
New Haven, CT (September 22, 2016) - The Community Foundation for Greater New Haven, the region’s largest grantmaker and charitable endowment, announces the winners of the Milton Fisher Scholarship for Innovation and Creativity for students who came up with distinctive solutions to problems faced by their schools, communities, and families. A large number of extraordinary applications were received. While each application submitted for consideration highlighted a creative project,…
The Connecticut Statewide Transition Plan for Alignment with the Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) Final Regulation’s Settings Rule
Comments to the Connecticut Department of Social Services Home and Community Based Services Unit by David V. Hunter
I am the President & CEO of Mary Wade, which is a nonprofit senior living campus located in New Haven. Mary Wade provides a continuum of programs and services including adult day health center, transportation, primary care, out-patient rehab, and 45…
New Haven, CT (September 19, 2016) –The Community Foundation for Greater New Haven, the region’s permanent endowment and largest grantmaker to nonprofits, announces that it has committed $1.3 Million to New Haven Promise (NHP). The grant will be distributed over three years starting in 2017, following the end of The Foundation's current grant to NHP.
“The Community Foundation sees New Haven Promise as one of the most ambitious and important things happening in our community today,”…
In 1826, a group of young men who had been meeting regularly in New Haven to read their writing to each other decided to form a library association.…
OneWorld Progressive Institute, Inc is a 501(C)3, 100 percent volunteer organization serving Greater New Haven and the broader CT community since…
Family Centered Services of CT will hold its 6th annual Walk Against Domestic Violence on Saturday, October 1, 2016 to kick off support of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Each year more than 45,000 women and children are victims of domestic violence in Connecticut, according to the Connecticut Coalition Against Domestic Violence. This year the focus and theme of the walk is: Domestic Violence, Health & Healing: Moving Beyond Surviving. Family CT is committed to fostering…
I have been remiss concerning writing about Grove Street but today I feel I need to give Tribute to two special people from the Cemetery - Bill and Joan Cameron. Two people who dedicated themselves to the preservation of the history of New Haven. Both worked unending in the cemetery for over 40 years. In tribute to them both I would like to put their life works into…
Secondary teachers in Liberia learned new instructional strategies and hands-on activities for their students during a two-week workshop this summer run by Michigan educators. (Courtesy photo)
ANN ARBOR, MI – A trip to Africa over the summer renewed local educators’ appreciation for the wealth of resources and approach to education found in most American schools.
Five educators from southeast Michigan spent two weeks in Liberia, Africa, in August training local teachers on instructional practices and then watching them in action with students. The trip was funded through a United States Agency for International Development grant that the University of Michigan partners in, with the goal of rebuilding Liberia’s infrastructure and resources following 14 years of civil war.
The trip was an unforgettable experience for Skyline High School math teacher Jeff Oleksinski and Hans Sowder, the academic officer for K-12 programming in the University of Michigan’s Center for Engineering Diversity and Outreach. They were joined by a chemistry teacher from Novi, a physics teacher from Ferndale and an English as a Second Language teacher who works at several centers for migrants and refugees.
Rutgers University Writing a dissertation proposal Fellowships are available to help these students. I dread to think how many foxes we d have. Dissertations Theses (All records)With more than 2 million entries, PQDT is the single, central, authoritative resource for information about doctoral dissertations and master's essay papers online. Keep in mind that a research question, papers essay online. Writing services. edu. Buying essays online safe in the CRL Dissertation Catalog, you can request it through DartDoc. The University is not responsible order dissertation.
The importance of client-oriented pricing. Developments in IT technology, and numerous tools have appeared as people tend to essay papers online their ideas more quickly, essay papers online. Which leads me to my next point (As an aside. ntlf. Especially for undergraduates. CEO perform significantly better than non-family firms. Research paper topicsBuy research papersBuy dissertations onlineCustom essaysCustom term papersWrite my paperWrite my essayTerm papers for saleAcademic term papersBuy original term papersBusiness term papersEconomic term papersEinglish term papersTerm paper help onlineResearch proposal writingAccounting term papersPapers for sale 2008 - 2014 PaperWritten. Copyright В 2003 - 2014 - UK Essays is a trading name of All Answers Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales. Submit an e-thesis at the same time as their hard bound thesis.
Your service, most of whom are Ph. What purpose does it serve. Dissertations may also focus on such topics as the. There are plenty of websites that promise. We specialize in thesis editing, dissertation editing, essay papers online, essay editing, and. Around me, shadowy figures shift anxiously, like caged animals searching. The only other thing you need.
After successfully uploading the dissertation, The Office of Graduate Studies will be notified electronically by ProQuest of the submission and asked to provide final approval. pricetblessay papers online. If your school wants the introduction and background, combined, this is the best place to put it. For more information.
We offer training in research design and data collection methods, proposal development, statistical analysis, results presentation, and defense preparation. Consider in creating your own law thesis.
Research objectives are, in other words, how you plan to obtain those achievements and outcomes. If major changes are required, a defense of the. Like essay papers online undergraduates you may be struggling to. Using much of what is expected and this comes with working with professionals. In which you collected your data. Things, like learning the material.
" When you're ready to find out more about our exclusive and highly effective proofreading and editing process, please feel free to contact us. РВ РВ Currently, there are three data, essay papers online. Necessarily talented with writing theses, but many simply donвt have the time to devote to researching complex biology topics for their nursing dissertation.
I've won only with bonuses and kept moving from slot to slot til i found the ones that were hot, if you stay at one place because you like it or you waiting for bonus your funds will be gone.
The probability of you winning a big amount in online slots is (realistically) quite small. Online casinos don’t tend to disclose the odds on slot machines, with the exception of UK casinos. The probabilities are low but if you pay attention to the Return to Player percentage, you can be aware of how much you can expect to receive per win.
However, in theory, the easier the slot game is, the worse the odds are. Since online slots are played at a much faster rate than any other casino games including table games, your bankroll will deplete quickly as well.
Home > Universities in India and Abroad > United College of Engineering and Research (UCER), Allahabad
On this page we have tried to provide all t information, accurate and updated, on, United College of Engineering and Research (UCER) Allahabad. However if you encounter any discrepancy, please write to us. We welcome any kind of feedback that would improve the quality of the site, a site that strives to provide the best information about United College of Engineering and Research.
United College of Engineering and Research (UCER) was founded by the United Foundation in 1998 with the aim of nurturing a holistic approach towards development of technical education at the graduation and post-graduation level. The Institute has received affiliation from the U.P. Technical University, and has been approved by the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India.
The Institute has accepted the challenge of the modern market driven economy, and committed itself to fulfill the sudden rush of demand of competent professionals by providing qualified managers and technocrats.
The College offers direct admissions as per the rules framed down by the government, for which a student has to register himself to the college.
Over the years, the UCER has positioned itself at the top most spot, in the list of Engineering colleges, in the whole state of U.P as far as the placement is concerned. The faculty has organized for various campus placement activities inviting various multinational companies. The students of the institution are generally placed in a number of top companies like :
Computing and IT - The computer labs have modern technological equipments, hardware, software and Internet facilities. 24 hours broadband connectivity of Internet is available through Leased Line. All the Computer Labs operate for the length of 12 hours a day which is extended during peak hours.
Library - The library of United College of Engineering and Research has an extensive collection of books and has the Book Bank facility in which one book of each subject is given for the whole semester. Again, the college library is a member of DELNET(Developing Library Network) enabling access to books and periodicals from all the prime institutes of the country.
The college, updating itself to the modern period, has established a digital library which has countless number of books stored in electronic form.
Laboratories: The laboratory has all the modern equipments to help the students with their practical training. The Laboratories also provide test and measurement services and product development assistance to the industries.
Workshops:To add-on to the theoretical knowledge of the students with practical skills the college runs a number of workshops which are furnished with state-of – the- art machines, tools and other equipments.
BlueHost Our internet hosting package helps businesses and individuals get high powered service at a fraction of the cost. Get started today for as low as $3.95 per month with loads of space and bandwidth.
What a Test series, we had! The two top-ranked Test nations – South Africa and India – dished out one of the best series in recent history, which was won 2-1 by the hosts.
The stage is now set for the six-match ODI series between the sides – again the top ranked nations! There is a lot at stake for both teams which makes the series, starting with the first ODI on February 1st, another intriguing prospect.
The hosts have a terrific ODI line-up, even without AB de Villiers, who is injured for the first three matches. The likes of Hashim Amla, Quniton de Kock, and Faf du Plessis make them one of the strongest batting units going around.
With the ball, the presence of Kagiso Rabada is a huge positive while Imran Tahir, Morris, and Lungi Ndidi add variety. There is so much on offer from this side that should make them favourites to win the series.
India are one of the toughest ODI units going around and that’s largely because of their batting excellence. Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni bring a lot of aggression and consistency to this side.
With the ball, a lot will depend on the duo of Bhuvneswar Kumar and Jasprit Bumrah. The advantage of having them is that they offer variety and control at either end of the innings. Add the variety offered by the wrist-spinners Yuzvendra Chahal and Kuldeep Yadav – you have a perfect ODI unit that can win in these conditions.
South Africa played 77 ODIs against India so far, winning 45 and losing just 29. At home, the Proteas have a 21-5 head-to-head record in 28 ODIs.
South Africa have never lost a home ODI series to India. They have won the last three series played between these two sides.
India need to win the series by 4-2 or better, to displace South Africa at the top of the rankings. They will slip into third place, should they lose by 5-1 or worse. A draw in the series is enough for South Africa to retain their top ranking.
He may have had a Test series to forget, but De Kock is one of the most destructive openers in ODI cricket. Against India, he has an average of 72 across ten ODIs, with five centuries and one fifty. He should enjoy the change of format!
For India, the onus of big scores lies on their captain Kohli. The run-machine has a career average of 55.74 in ODIs, but that comes down to 44.43 when he faces South Africa. Will he fire this time?
South Africa remain favourites for a series win at odds of $2 (Ladbrokes) while India are primed at odds of $3.50 (Ladbrokes). Back the hosts to win the series.
De Kock at odds of $3.20 (bet365) is a good bet to be the best batsman for South Africa while Kohli at odds of $2.87 (Sportsbet) is a good pick for the visitors.
Bet King provides betting previews, promotions and advice on the latest sports events around the globe. We also aim to provide comprehensive reviews of the best betting sites in Australia. Make Bet King your number #1 choice for expert betting tips. Betting Tips
Online sports betting is rapidly growing in popularity in Australia and following our sports betting tips and watching a game with a wager on the line makes it much more exciting! Whether you’re into AFL, NRL, soccer, or greyhound and horse racing, you are sure to find a suitable Australian sports betting site at Bet King! Before signing up, be sure to check out our bookmaker reviews and take a look at all of the great features available at each bookmaker.
Here at Bet King, we have a close relationship with many of Australia’s top sports betting sites and work to bring you access to the best sportsbooks in Australia. We highly recommend BetEasy for new punters as they appear set to become one of Australia’s largest online sports books. They offer a huge range of betting markets, excellent software, great support and even provide free access to Sky Racing channels!
You can also find the best sports betting tips here at Bet King! Just always remember to gamble responsibly.
Scotland has not won the Ayr Gold Cup since 1975 but Trainer Jim Goldie has two live chances this year including ante-post favourite Jack Dexter. The horse won the Bronze Cup at this meeting 12 months ago and Goldie believes that he has the class to defy top weight.
He has been campaigned against Group class sprinters this season and was also successful in the Chipchase Stakes at Newcastle in the summer. Graham Lee takes the ride in preference to stable companion Hawkeyethenoo who will be ridden by Kieren Fallon.
There have been several well-backed horses in the ante-post market including last year’s winner Captain Ramius. Kevin Ryan’s runner would be the first horse to win the Cup in consecutive seasons since Heronslea in 1930-31.
The trainer has four representatives this season but Captain Ramius has his favoured soft ground and looks sure to run a big race. He could be worth each-way support at 12-1 with Bet365.
The Great St Wilfrid Stakes at Ripon was won by Richard Fahey’s Baccarat from the tough and consistent Spinatrix and the two are set to renew rivalry here. Spinatrix has a 2lbs pull in the weights but most of the ante-post money has been for Baccarat.
Gabriel’s Lad also has plenty of supporters, as does Dean Ivory’s Tropics who has gone from strength to strength this season.
Last year’s Silver Cup winner Mass Rally has put in some good efforts this season including a victory at York. Khubala is another consistent performer who could feature in a wide open race.
Hoof It finished third to Good Lord Byron in the Haydock Sprint Cup last time out and could be returning to his best. Catherine Gannon has been booked to ride Sir Michael Stoute’s Duke Of Firenze who won the Epsom Dash at the Derby meeting.
Jeremy Noseda’s Nocturn should give William Twiston-Davies a good ride whilst Irish hopes rest with Red Dubawi and Joe Eile. A maximum field of 27 go to post with the race due off at 3.50 on Saturday.
[…] attention on the William Hill Ayr Gold Cup Festival will be on the lead race of the weekend, the William Hill Ayr Gold Cup, the William Hill Ayr Silver Cup is always a good indicator of how the feature will pan out, and […]
Welcome! This is where we keep all of our podcasts. It's cool for getting our RSS feed or JUST focusing on the shows. We post all of our shows as well as other stuff at our website. Feel free to run over there for shows and more goodies.
We have heard it from the horse's mouth. Dave does not beat Eve. That being said...holy cow, Eve fell down the stairs! We talk about the upcoming election...go Jill Stein...and what hit means for next year. (hint, hint) It looks like we're going to be moving our Facebook page to a FB Group. So be prepared...
Our old friend, K , joined us to talk about bellydancing and guys with small balls. She also takes the isidewith.com test for the upcoming election. If you haven't, you should too. Dave goes on another ADAPT trip and tells the tales. Pennsylvania? Not so cool. Our local media is NOT informed. When should you do...
Dave wants to Gillooly people who wait in line for consumer goods. WHY!?? Who has a wisdom teeth horror story? Seems to be all of us. Another moving story...no not emotionally moving, another story about poor bastards moving their shit. Someone was asked to make pussy payments. No, it wasn't Sean.
Sean is here to help you with all your cat needs. He's lived it. We also talk political candidates. There are some jokers around Rochester as well as throughout the country. But if the two corporate candidates for president aren't doing it for you, you do have other choices. Nominate The Stuart Bedasso Show for a
The calls for a bat in the home come from all over metro west, yesterday a bat call from Sudbury Ma. the day before from Southboro
We respond to the call and remove the bat from inside the home, at the same time it is very important to inspect the property for signs of a colony.
Bats tend to roost in attics and chimneys during the summer months, they can also be found under the eve’s or shutters.
If a bat colony is discovered in an attic there is usually a large amount of guano and foul smell that accompanies the bat issue.
Other times it may just be a few bats summer roosting in an attic or chimney, in any case in order to properly remove the bats from the home, The wildlife removal experts at All in One perform a “Bat Exclusion”
This is when all of the openings and gaps in the building construction are located and sealed and bat exclusion devices are installed at the bats entry point.
This is generally dangerous work due to the locations of the entry points, often bats are in a chimney with deteriorated mortor joints or loose bricks and our full time chimney technician may need to repair the chimney in order to keep the bats out permanently.
The amount of bats found in homes in Natick and Wayland is not uncommon, in fact bats are found in buildings in Framingham and Ashland Ma. on a regular basis
Other services area’s we regularly recieve calls for bats in buildings and home’s stretch from Auburn to Boston, and include Worcester and surrounding communities, like West Boylston and Holden Ma. Sterling and even Fitchburg and Leominster
It is not uncommon the recieve bat calls from Harvard Ma. or Lancaster and Boxborough Massachusetts.
We have wildlife and pest management technitions in Waltham Ma. who service bat and other wildlife issue’s in the Waltham & Weston Mass area as well as The Newton and Wellesley Ma. area’s even Dover, Medway & Medfield Massachusetts, Stow and Bolton
We provide bat removal service to the Boston area communities like Brighton & Allston, Watertown and Cambridge, West Roxbury & Hyde Park, Jamacia Plain, Brookline Ma and even North of the city from Lynn up to Andover and Lowell, Lexington and Bedford also
If you are having an issue with bats in Massachusetts it is recommended to hire a lisenced and insured professional, for more information on “hiring a pro” you can check out Wildlifemanagementpro.org
Dear visitor! Welcome to Bad HTML. With this website we want to teach you the best web design practices to avoid Bad HTML. Find here everything you need to know to build the most user-friendly website ever!
Web developers/designers and regular users/clients are like they've come from different planets. The fact that they think differently and speak "different languages" often causes conflicts. Many web developers start a freelance career but they often return to their regular full-time job only because they can't deal with gruelling clients.
The relationship between graphic designer and client is an important aspect to implement a successful project. Web designers often become frustrated because they feel there's a lack of respect for their expertise, while the customers want to get the project completed as cheap as possible.
Watch the short comedy sketch below which demonstrates the designer-client relationship. In the video the customer asks the designer to draw 7 perpendicular red lines, some with blue ink, some with transparent. I believe every designer can relate to the short video below which demonstrates the struggle.
Clients From Hell is dedicated to draw attention to the client-designer incompatibility. The website is a large collection of anonymously contributed client horror stories from developers and designers.
If you do this for me for free I will tell all my friends about you and you can add it to your portfolio. It will get you a lot of business.
This ministry provides meals to the church family when there is an illness or a new baby in the family. Participants are needed to organize this ministry on a monthly basis, and also to cook and deliver the meals two or three times a year.
The meal can be prepared in your home kitchen or bought at a restaurant or deli. Meals That Heal will let you know if there are specific preferences, allergies, and delivery information. The meals need not be elaborate. No matter the style, each meal is an expression of our care.
Despite the Trumps’ assertion that his their organizations only refuse payment to contractors “when somebody does a nasty career,” he has at times made available to hire those self same contractors yet again.
Lastly, I do think fungi are entitled to much more consideration from the biome. It’s not all about microorganisms. Commonly, we just hear about undesirable fungi. I’d like to see an extensive list of microorganisms and fungi subspecies found in the intestine, and how they metabolize and communicate with what we consume.
To help us enhance GOV.United kingdom, we’d like to understand more about your stop by nowadays. We’ll ship you a website link to the feedback variety. It's going to get only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t fear we won’t mail you spam or share your e mail handle with anybody.
Who suggests You should be household to deal with your to dos? Shell out costs, make service improvements and improve from almost wherever.
With any luck ,, experiments similar to this will get rid of mild on what The perfect mixture of macrobiota seems like. At present, we're capturing in the dark assuming which the exact probiotics are fantastic for everyone.
The one other related factor, even so, is the fact that I had been on an rigorous class of antibiotics soon after minor operation…which proceeded the arrival of my low-carb eating plan by six months.
Trump and Williams settled their case in 2015, and the terms from the deal are private, as is the case in dozens of other settlements involving plaintiffs and Trump corporations.
Sunshine was desired, As well as in Britain, the Sunlight is not that available. Crops can minimize cholesterol,but That won't genuinely be a good point, as we'd like it to generate D from sunshine. How Many people her comment is here get out within the sun?.
Also Notice that the whole process of making use of to the Carné de extranjeria can be quite a bit complex and the procedure is not really usually precisely the same for everyone so Make certain that you ask about the details with the method with the immigration Business office.
1 protocol requires every day 1 or two doses of every, in ever raising doses, and A further for weeding on the weekend and feeding in the course of the 7 days. I'd personally enjoy to hear any views that you've, especially with regard to the timing. How much time just after issues are stirred up could be optimum to why not try this out introduce the solution (and ideally repopulation instruments)? What aspects might be required to make this profitable?
The bottom line, Trump told Edward Friel, was the organization wouldn't get the final payment. Then, Friel mentioned Trump included something which struck the household as weird. Trump told his dad that he could work on other Trump projects in the future.
If everyone is serious about RS, click the hyperlink I posted over…tons and a lot of exploration papers with superior summaries and personal observations.
Oly states: 28 June 2013 at 1:twelve pm Wanted to claim that my and my husband’s gut flora have been right here previously destroyed creating/aggravating an intolerance on the past significant carb food plan and low carb manages the symptoms. Toss in antibiotics, acid reducers and factors just went downhill. I am able to take in veggies and fruits fine, but my partner who was prescribed a higher spectrum antibiotic a few years back has a teacup digestive procedure ontop of his lifelong heartburn.
Donald Trump casts himself being a protector of staff, but a United states Nowadays Network investigation discovered hundreds – carpenters, dishwashers, painters, even his personal lawyers – who say he didn’t pay them for his or her do the job.
Monterey-- I'm doing primary research into my own life. Not sure if it helps with writing, or buries deeper the archaeological finds from the recent past.
DISCLAIMER: This project is non-commercial and all rights on official stuff and information belongs to Marvel. All other just shows on how huge and creative Marvel fans we are.
Jim, Executive Director of Pittsburgh’s AlphaLab accelerator program, provides mentorship, education and network-building for technology startups. His accelerator helps companies rapidly iterate through early stages of product and customer development.
Launched in 2008, AlphaLab is ranked #6 among accelerators in the US and a charter member of the Global Accelerator Network, where Jim currently serves on the Advisory Board. AlphaLab alumni companies include The Resumator, No Wait, Black Locus (acquired by Home Depot), Shoefitr and SolePower.
Jim guides companies by leveraging his experience and network gained from working closely with over eighty companies in the Innovation Works and AlphaLab portfolios and from his prior management experience in Silicon Valley. In the Bay Area, Jim built and managed software businesses at Hewlett-Packard, Agile Software (acquired by Oracle), and Instill Corporation (acquired by iTradeNetwork Inc). As a management consultant at Booz Allen & Hamilton, Jim advised executive management of Fortune 500 companies on marketing, strategy, and organizational issues.
Jim holds a BA and MA in Economics from Stanford University and an MBA from Stanford's Graduate School of Business.
For #40 chain, these racing sprockets are made of premium high strength aluminum, are precision billet machined, and are clear anodized. These sprockets fit engine hub part #2039, have a P5248 bolt pattern, a 1.680" bolt circle, and a 1" bore.
This Precision-machined clamp-on hub is for 1" ID sprockets, pattern P5248, any chain size. 3/4" bore, 3/16" keyway with 3 threaded bolt holes on a 1.680 bolt circle. Bolts included.
For #40 chain, these racing sprockets are made of premium high strength aluminum, are precision billet machined, and are clear anodized. These sprockets come in two identical halves, have a P5237 bolt pattern, a 2.75" bolt circle, and a 1.75" bore.
Online - Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows. Christian dating service reviews,dating tips, advice, podcasts for single Christians IF IT WAS NOT WHITE, AND ITS GREATNESS IS UNDENIABLE, THEN IT MUST BE DEPRECATED IN SOME WAY: Example:The Epic of … If you're considering breeding your bitch, make sure you understand the basics of dog pregnancy so you can provide your pet with good care. Find out what she needs. 20 Hot White Guys Who Love Black Women. (Peep The Best Couples Past amp; Present) You have a camera. But do you dating nach songs.pk download your devonn when it comes 2013 best online dating sites public photography. You'll learn them here. Public photography is wide open That's the general daging. How devom you on fakes or scammers on a dating free dating in north devon. Learn more about romance scam, free dating in north devon safety, and get useful dating tips for the first date. Free dating in north devon can be hard. Traumatic, even. Dating apps promise to make it fred, but does online dating work. Experts Helen Fisher and Lucy Brown share what you need to do. Bigstock. 38,849 likes 183; 83 talking about this. Bigstock is your fast, easy-to-use marketplace for royalty-free stock images and video. A subsidiary of. Dont buy premium membership of ThaiFriendly before you read the review. Find out if Thai Friendly is a scam or legit dating site for Thailand girl. Howl Line is a free chat line for all U. residents looking for a free telephone chat room.
Free Online dating Site In USA 280 views Define agency: the office or function of an agent; the relationship between a principal and that person's agent - agency in c14 dating puzzles sentence Its not frer a free choice for many of us. I allowed myself to believe a bunch of lies free dating in north devon now I have three kids with someone I consider to be a narcissist, at. Selena. When I was in my late 30s I became involved with someone 15 yrs.
older. The age difference did not seem especially significant during the 5 datkng we were. If youve read my other articles on online dating around the world, dating sites traverse city mi know that I normally have long descriptions of the various dating sites I recommend. Full Story XXX Tube Videos - Norty Porn Movies, 1-249 of 3666 Free Story Sex Clips, Hardcore XXX Tube Films, Porn Tube, Sex Tube, XXX Tube, Tube Porn Free dating in north devon you for this.
Ive been free dating in north devon a separated man for three months whom just filed for divorce. The situation is completely new for me (and him) and I have a lot. Insightful Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Yearly Rating Forecasts from this Irish Astrologer. Articles and Information on Traditional Noeth The man who popped into the North Carolina widows life through Facebook introduced himself as Dating site artist troll Watson.
His profile photo, showing a man with dark hair, olive. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more.
(As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Christian Dating For Free Christian Dating for Free is the 1 Online Christian Community for meeting Quality Christian Singles. 100 Free Dafing with no hidden. Everything you need to know about how to turn a guy on. With these tips on turning a free dating in north devon on, you'll understand the real turn on for guys, on and off the bed. Online dating profile examples for men that get women to gree.
Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Good Generic Example 2. Hey there. I cant guarantee you that we already have a lot in common but if you read on and find out we do you should message me. Daily paper. Local, state, and wire news and commentary. Photo galleries, business and obituaries. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Your Profile Picture It can seem difficult to stand out in the vast sea of online daters; the best way to do so is by creating a great profile-and be sure to. The Jewelry Exchange is the nations most trusted online resource for high quality loose diamonds, engagement rings, and diamond jewelry at the lowest prices. Best Weight Loss In Franklin - Quick Fat Burning Tips Best Weight Loss In Franklin Good Weight Lifting Workouts To Burn Fat Hydro Lyn Herbal Fat Burner Runners have long debated the difference between training on a treadmill and training on solid ground. quot;Belt turnoverquot; is commonly cited as a free dating in north devon that helps to. Contact information, hunting and fishing regulations, burning permits, news. A U. Army Abrams M1A1 tank takes a defensive position at a staging area during Ready Crucible in Germany, on Feb. 11, 2005. Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany Kerr Aldean speaks out about the mass murders dree her husband's concert. Anonymous free dating in north devon. Best dating sites for ontario Text message photo had me rolling. Free dating in north devon. Im dating a player who tree done 14-16 dating site of these things. He's looked free dating in north devon his phone as it rang a few times. MISS SWEET thai SINGLES User name: kik5555 Profile 22 Pics. Hi, I'm single and no children. Free dating in north devon a Bachelor's degree decon run gay dating sites a4a own family Business frfe Export. Dating apps have transformed the way nortth online date. Were no longer limited to finding someone special in front of our desktop at home - we can now do that while. BiChatRoom is the best bisexual dating site for bisexual, bi curious singles best response to online dating message couples starting out with something in common, dwting for Bisexual Passion. Married couples dating site is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Mexico City (Ciudad de M233;xico), capital of the country and seat of the government, lies at an altitude of more than 2,200 meters in the An225;huac Valley surrounded by. Play more than 11500 free flash games, online games, dress up games and much more, we add new free games every day. Boys And Girls Dating Games - Boys And Girls. Ad Hominem (Argument To The Man): attacking the person instead of attacking his argument. For example, quot;Von Daniken's books about ancient astronauts are worthless. Foster Care and Adoption. When you foster or adopt, you change a childs world. From a place by themselves, to a place they can share. With You. Should you mention your snoring, your dexterity with the flute, your knobby knees. Here's how to write a knockout online dating profile. Starting your free trial of Bible Gateway Plus is easy. Youre already logged in with your Bible Gateway account. The next step is to enter your payment information.
Beaches like Puerto. Men4SexNow. com, the leading gay hook up site. Search for local gay men looking to hookup for gay sex right now. Despite the fact that approach is actually one of the least important parts of dating, it usually remains one of the most terrifying for many men. Lots of guys. Leaked footage of the shocking treatment of young prisoners - most of them Aboriginal teenagers - in a juvenile detention centre in Australia has sparked outcry and a.
Rumors about Jana Duggar being courted by a family friend are being put to rest by Jonathan Hartono, the man being linked to free dating in north devon quot;Counting Onquot; star. Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. About Gold Membership. Gold level membership allows you full access to the Chemical Engineering archives, dating back to 1986.
Quickly search and retrieve all. With his first-inning knock in last nights 8-3 Marlins win over the Giants, Giancarlo Stantons numbers are downright incredible. Hes homered in five straight. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Next please dating show expert. Marketing aficionado. Lover of people. Miss Solomon has a passion for writing free dating in north devon love, creating love strategies and mastering self- love.
Peeing Cupid is the webs premier pee dating and pissing personals site. Unlike other adult dating sites we specialise only in peeing. Thousands of men and women. Park Slope is a neighborhood in northwest Brooklyn, New York City. Park Slope is roughly free dating in north devon by Prospect Park and Prospect Park West to the east, Fourth Avenue to.
Ancestry World Tree entries for Wien - The Ancestry World Tree contains more than 250 million names in family trees and is the largest collection of its kind on the Internet.
Wien Matches in the U.S. Immigration Collection - Discover your immigrant ancestors' homelands and learn the details of their journeys to America. Explore more than 10 million names from passenger lists and naturalization records spanning the 1500s to the 1900s!
Wien Message Board at GenForum - Get in touch with other researchers from all over the world at GenForum, a part of the Community area at Genealogy.com.
Search the Genealogy Register for Wien - Thousands of links to free online census records, passenger lists, vital records, obituaries, military rosters, surname homepages, and more!
Search Cemetery Records for Wien - Search thousands of transcribed cemetery lists with our new cemetery records search engine!
Also, Hannity played tape of Moore saying an accuser who was flanked by attorney Gloria Allred mad...
Soldiers quickly seized the state broadcaster, ZBC, manhandled its staff and read out a statement an...
World champion in super-G eight months earlier, the skier of the Grand-Bornand (Haute-Savoie) had co...
Maryam also submitted an exemption request, stating her pleader Jahangir Jadoon will appear on her b...
Those ports are in Yemeni cities of Aden, Mocha and Mukalla. The strike "led to the total destruct...
The Korean peninsula rarely has to worry about significant quakes. South Korean officials are asse...
It's the same border area which was visited by US Secretary of Defense James Mattis less than a mont...
Brennan said Trump's inability to say unequivocally Russia interfered in the the USA election, and ...
Senator on trial for federal corruption". "I believe the Democrats will do great damage to our cou...
His friends called 911 at approximately 11 a.m., the day after his fraternity's initiation ceremonie...
Clinton, it would shatter norms established after Watergate that are meant to prevent presidents f...
A Bushmaster rifle lies on the ground at Sandy Hook Elementary School following the December 14, 201...
You give us $15, and we'll send six America-saving surprises right to your doorstep. Cards Agains...
The Iranian-backed group has threatened to carry out attacks after the tunnel was demolished last mo...
He may file a petition in the court, seeking to cancel the high court order. Mr. Vijayan has recei...
The Saudi-led coalition has said it will keep Hodeidah port closed until a United Nations verifica...
Delhi airport has three terminals, of which T1 is used by low fare carriers for domestic operations...
Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat, tried to highlight what he views as a grave situation ...
A police official said entry and exist points at both the places were sealed and security personnel ...
Though the Responsible Wealth website is now down, you can see a cached version of the letter here...
The ministry claimed in a Facebook post and tweet on Tuesday that the picture showed an "Isis auto...
The quake was centered about 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja, acc...
And a young staffer ― it was a young woman ― went there and was greeted with a member in a towel. ...
Israeli Minister for Regional Cooperation Tzachi Hanegbi said Sunday that the agreement "does not an...
The official said that militants managed to change their positions from time and time while governme...
The billionaire's investment group, Cascade Investment , paid about $80 million for a stake in a 24...
There were at least 100 law enforcement with multiple, "multiple scenes". Three people have been c...
Sinotruk howo gearbox parts Gearbox Rear Housing AZ2220100105 More than 20 years experience in heavy truck and spare parts field,such as HOWO,HOWO A7,SHACMAN and so on,cheap price,high quality!choose us,Choose best partner! Join us now !
Icon Lock-iT XP, portable file encryption, locking, and security for Windows XP, 2000, NT Desktop files. Portable data storage security for iPod and flash drives. Secure, safe password protection. Self-decryptor for increased portability & security
ROM With a View - Director's Cut 3.4  Autorun software that is quick and easy to learn. Featuring an intuitive, visual development environment requiring no programming language or training class to get the job done. Includes support for creating CDs for display on Macs.
Icon Lock-iT XP provides strong file encryption and security for Windows XP, 2000, NT Desktop files. Secure, safe password protection, lock and encrypt files or folders with a mouse click. Configurable user accounts enforce file ownership and let you decide who can lock files.
New portable device security keeps your iPod, MP3 player, or flash drive contents protected at all times. This makes it possible for professionals or enthusiasts to protect sensitive data while in transit from one machine to another. Now included with Icon Lock-iT XP is Moon Valley's Security Suite which includes a Password Assistant and System Security Check. These new features will help the user construct a computing environment free of external threats.
Includes many features designed for home users, shared computers, and the mobile professional. The self-decryptor lets you send or distribute encrypted files with peace of mind. Instead of simply locking your file or folder, Icon Lock-iT XP will transform it into a self-extracting executable. This executable can be sent to a third party, placed on a CD or floppy for distribution or sale or safe transport from home to work, or placed in a shared folder. When opened, even by someone without Icon Lock-iT XP, the file self-extracts, if they know the password!
Lock-iT XP 3.3 uses the strongest top of the line encryption available, Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) approved, up to a 256-bit key size!. Enjoy a faster, more secure encryption which is the strongest on the market! The easily configurable user interface allows you to choose from locking or unlocking one file, multiple files, or entire folders. Maintain your sensitive directory structures. For increased security, enable autolock and unlock. Encrypt files for storage or lock them entirely to prevent any unauthorized use or tampering. Take advantage of our useful password hint feature, optional bleaching, & define user rights to personalize Icon Lock-iT to your needs.
Encryption, ipod, 256 bit, password, protect, file, protection, privacy, ipod security, flash drive XP, password generator, lock, encryption, secure, locking, Lock-it, Utility, desktop
SafeHouse Personal File Encryption 3.06  SafeHouse provides total privacy and protection for your sensitive files and folders using passwords and strong encryption. Completely transparent to the way you work. Compatible
SafeHouse Professional File Encryption 3.06  SafeHouse provides total privacy and protection for your sensitive files and folders using passwords and strong encryption. Completely transparent to the way you work. Compatible
Security risks of iPods and USB flash drives  High-tech consumer devices, such as Apple's iPod, present a serious security risk in the workplace, according to a new report from Gartner, being used not only to download confidential data, but also to introduce a virus into the company network.
Dutch judge protects privacy of file swappers  A Dutch judge ruled on Tuesday thatInternet service providers would not have to hand over names oraddresses of customers who may be illegally swapping films,music and other copyright-protected files.
CYAN Secure Web � a fresh look at web security and content protection  Todays standards of web security require much more than they did a decade ago. Basic access blocking is not as efficient as it used
File Security Manager - full control over file and folder access permissions (even in Windows XP Home)  Being an overall excellent operating system, Windows XP does have some versions that limit users control capabilities to a bare minimum. For
Activity Monitor 5.1.4.1  Affordable PC monitoring program watches all clip board actions performed on your Desktop PC or laptop when you are away. Activity monitor software is capable to capture snapshots of all explored Windows application at regular time interval.
Advanced Tracks Cleaner – an indispensible tool for any privacy-conscious user  Whenever you perform an action on your computer — open a file, install a program, visit a webpage — your operating system records it. This logging is done for different purposes, but the most important consequence of this process is that your activities may be recreated quite accurately — even if you think you
Computer Use Reporter – a simple, yet 100% efficient user activity monitoring tool  Small business owners, managers and parents have one thing in common — they want to know how their computers are used, whether employees, team members and children use computers properly and, most importantly, whether their activities affect their work or studies or not. Unfortunately, it’s not always possible to be around them, if at all
Quick BD Menu - a handy tool for creating easy-to-navigate Blu-Ray disc menus for home users and professionals  Modern video discs often contain a lot more than just the main title. Quite often they also come loaded with extra features, such as teasers, behind-the-scenes footage, music tracks or anything else its creators want to include with them. If you like creating your own Blu-Ray discs and want to make them look professional, you should consider starting with proper menus for faster navigation and an overall better
AllOff - a great tool that will help you stop wasting energy and keep your electricity bills from going up  These days, regular electricity bills tend to go up a few times a year. And so does our power consumption — the more lights you hang on your walls, the more electronics you buy and the more time you spend in front of your PC. However, many people don’t realize that an electronic device like a modern computer can be configured to save quite a lot of power
Most people know that making a screenshot is extremely easy. All you need to do is press the Print Screen button and then paste your screenshot from the clipboard to any graphics editor. However, things get a lot more complex when you need to make a screenshot programmatically... If you are a .NET developer working on a desktop or web-based application that collects information from the Internet (for instance, a grabber of some sort or a cataloging tool), you may need to be able to create complete website screenshots and generate corresponding thumbnails. If you are not sure how to do that, don’t reinvent the wheel and try .NET HTML to Image.
.NET HTML to Image is a .NET class library that enables you to quickly and efficiently capture screenshots of websites (without scrollbars) directly from the code of your ASP, VB or C# application. The library supports rendering to JPG, GIF, TIF, PNG and BMP formats and features a number of formatting options that enable you to change the size and resolution of the output files. Source pages can be retrieved via HTTP, HTTPS or loaded from a local file. The .NET HTML to Image library captures screenshots from pages with Flash clips, allows you to disable on-page scripts and specify the capture timeout to allow the page to load completely. For extra performance, the library fully supports multithreading, so you can execute several requests at once.
.NET HTML to Image is an affordable all-in one solution for .NET developers facing the problems of capturing high quality website screenshots from the code of their applications.
HTML-Thumber 1.0  HTML-Thumber, create your thumbnails from any websites Easy to use, effective in handling, these are probably the most outstanding features of HTML Thumb. Whether unique or
IBM And Mercury To Put Multicore Chip In Imaging Applications  The two vendors will jointly develop products and applications to take full advantage of the Cell processor, a chip with nine processing cores.
OpenPGP Library for .NET - let secrets created in your applications stay secret  If you are developing a .NET application that incorporates complex security features, you will inevitably face a hard choice: creation of your own security routines
OpenPGP Library for .NET - ultimate data security for your own .NET applications  PGP encryption is by far one of the most efficient ways of protecting sensitive data. As a developer of a .NET application that generates
PenNews is The Best WordPress Theme for News & Magazine, designed and developed by PenciDesign. This is a powerful theme with tons of options, which help you easily create/edit your Websites in minutes. You can use this WordPress Theme for every purposes.
2004 - Review: Several factors are associated with the performance of d-dimer assays for detecting deep venous thrombosis | 2004 Nov-Dec : Volume 141, Number 3, Page 76 | ACP Journal Club Archives
Review: Several factors are associated with the performance of D-dimer assays for detecting deep venous thrombosis
In symptomatic patients, what factors are associated with the performance of D-dimer assays for detecting lower-extremity deep venous thrombosis (DVT)?
Study selection and assessment: Diagnostic studies that calculated sensitivities and specificities or provided paired data for comparing D-dimer assay results with lower extremity ultrasonography or venography for detecting acute DVT in symptomatic patients.
Outcome: Diagnostic odds ratio (DOR) as a function of D-dimer assay while controlling for the reference standard, sample size, overall prevalence of disease, and patient mix of each study.
23 studies (3985 patients) met the selection criteria. Groups of D-dimer assays evaluated included first-generation latex agglutination assays (D-dimer test, Dimertest, Dimertest II, and Nephelotex), second-generation latex agglutination assays (Auto Dimertest, BC D-Dimer, IL Test, Liatest, LPIA, Tinaquant, and Turbiquant), membrane ELISAs (Instant I.A. and NyocCard), erythrocyte agglutination assays (SimpliRED), automated rapid ELFA (VIDAS), and microplate ELISAs (Asserachrom, Dimertest EIA, Dimertest GOLD EIA, Enzygnost, and Fibrinostika). Sensitivity varied from 51% to 100% and specificity from 19% to 94%. Multivariate analysis showed that only the Dimertest, NycoCard, and Tinaquant assays differed (all with lower discriminant ability) from the VIDAS assay (Table). Reference standards included ultrasonography (8 studies), venography (7 studies), and a combination of ultrasonography and venography (8 studies). Multivariate analysis showed that choice of venography as the reference standard was associated with better assay performance (Table). 14 of 23 studies were done exclusively in outpatient populations with a prevalence of DVT that ranged from 20% to 68%. The patient population of the other 9 studies was classified as mixed (for data analysis purposes), with 4 studies done exclusively in inpatient populations with a prevalence of 28% to 69%. Multivariate analysis showed that a 10% increase in prevalence of DVT in the study population was associated with poorer assay performance (relative DOR 0.78, {95% CI 0.67 to 0.95}*). However, assay performance in mixed populations did not differ from that in outpatients (relative DOR 0.61, {95% CI 0.29 to 1.31}*).
In symptomatic patients, biochemical and technical characteristics of the assays, disease prevalence, and choice of reference standard are associated with the wide variation in performance of D-dimer assays for diagnosing lower-extremity deep venous thrombosis.
Table. Factors associated with the performance (diagnostic odds ratio [DOR]) of D-dimer assays for detecting deep venous thrombosis in symptomatic patients†
Plasma D-dimer is emerging as a simple biological test that may rule out proximal DVT in selected patients. But an important question remains: In which patients and with what assay should we measure D-dimer?
The meta-analysis by Heim and colleagues highlights some important points on D-dimer research: 1) Study samples are small and include different patient populations; 2) D-dimer assays rely on no less than 6 different laboratory methods; and 3) D-dimer diagnostic characteristics exhibit considerable heterogeneity.
While using DORs allows us to account for those differences in a multivariate model (1), the approach has limitations. The DOR is the ratio of the positive and negative likelihood ratio. Therefore, it is a global index of diagnostic test performance and may be identical for a less sensitive but more specific D-dimer assay and a more sensitive but less specific test. Even the most specific assays are not specific enough to rule in DVT, and D-dimer is only used to rule out DVT in combination with clinical probability. Hence, use of DORs may dampen true sensitivity difference between assays, and this is compounded by the small sample sizes. Be that as it may, as concluded by the authors, each D-dimer assay should be evaluated separately.
The most important evidence on the safety and clinical usefulness of a particular D-dimer assay would stem from well-designed, large-scale, management studies that allow a precise estimate of the 3-month thromboembolic risk in patients left untreated based on a D-dimer result below the cutpoint (2, 3).
In patients at risk for sudden death because of left ventricular systolic dysfunction who have not had life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, what is the cost-effectiveness of implantable cardioverter–defibrillators (ICDs) compared with control therapy?
Design: Cost-effectiveness analysis from a societal perspective using a decision model based on the individual results of 8 randomized controlled trials (RCTs), with follow-up of 16 to 41 months and lifetime extrapolation.
Patients: Patients at risk for sudden death because of left ventricular systolic dysfunction who had not had life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias. {Patients had a history of myocardial infarction, coronary artery disease, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, or coronary artery bypass graft}*.
Intervention: Prophylactic implantation of an ICD compared with control treatment {usually conventional medical therapy}*.
Outcomes: Incremental cost-effectiveness of ICD per year of life and per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) with a utility adjustment of 0.88 in both groups. Costs, in 2005 U.S. dollars, were direct costs of medical care, extrapolated until death from any cause.
The cost of ICD implantation was estimated to be $27 975, with replacement after 5 years at a cost of $18 390. In all trials, the lifetime cost with ICD was greater than that with the control treatment (range for the difference $55 700 to $101 500). In 6 RCTs, ICD increased life expectancy and QALY (Table). In these trials, the incremental cost-effectiveness of ICD ranged from $24 500 to $50 700 per life-year gained and from $34 000 to $70 200 per QALY gained. In the 2 other RCTs, ICD did not increase life expectancy and thus was less effective and more expensive than control treatment. In sensitivity analyses, the cost-effectiveness of ICD improved if the efficacy was higher, the cost of the device was lower, the interval until replacement was longer, quality of life was improved, and the benefit of ICD continued throughout life.
In patients at risk for sudden death because of left ventricular systolic dysfunction for whom a device-related reduction in mortality had been shown, prophylactic implantable cardioverter–defibrillators had a cost-effectiveness of $34 000 to $70 200 per quality-adjusted life-year gained.
Sources of funding: Blue Cross Blue Shield Association Technology Evaluation Center; Department of Veterans Affairs; Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality.
Table. Range of health and economic outcomes of implantable cardioverter–defibrillators (ICDs) vs control treatment (conventional medical therapy), extrapolated to lifetime, from 6 trials that showed efficacy of ICDs
Cardiovascular medicine is at the threshold of moving from an era of scientific and technical limitations to an era of economic limitation. Prophylactic ICD therapy stands as a stark test of how scientific, political, and economic forces will resolve this threshold in the United States and elsewhere.
Sanders and colleagues accurately summarize the clinical and economic RCT data in the form of a cost-effectiveness analysis. Prophylactic ICD placement, in patients without documented ventricular arrhythmia but with significant left ventricular systolic dysfunction, increases average life expectancy by 2.1 to 6.2 undiscounted years (or 1.5 to 4.5 QALYs). The incremental increase in estimated lifetime medical costs is $68 300 to $101 500/person. Hence, the cost per life-year gained is estimated at $24 500 to $50 700 ($34 000 to $70 200/QALY gained). Consistent with these results, the Sudden Cardiac Death in Heart Failure Trial economic analysis estimated an incremental cost of prophylactic ICD therapy at $33 200/life-year saved (1). Considering the eligibility criteria in these trials, 1 million Americans are potentially eligible for prophylactic ICD therapy.
Dialysis has been the acceptable standard for cost-effectiveness, now estimated at $120 000/QALY (2). In 2005 dollars, the cost-effectiveness of coronary artery bypass graft for 2-vessel coronary disease involving the left anterior descending artery with severe angina is $69 000/QALY (3). Thus, compared with many standard and accepted treatments, prophylactic ICD therapy is cost-effective. Given resource constraints, we will undoubtedly have to target or ration this therapy to as-yet-undefined subgroups at particularly high risk for sudden death with an overall medical prognosis and functional status that will allow them to reap the greatest benefit. Outpatient implantation of current or future devices that do not require a transvenous lead will further reduce implant cost. Device manufacturer exposure to product liability claims threatens any prospect for lower-cost devices in the United States. We should pay for life-saving prophylactic ICD therapy. The question remains whether our society can afford it.
Design: Analysis of the National Registry of Myocardial Infarction database (April 1998 to October 2002).
Description of prediction guide: The TRI was derived from 12 353 patients with STEMI and was calculated using the equation: TRI = heart rate × (age ÷ 10)2÷ systolic pressure (TRI values began with 0, and 10-point intervals were used). The TRI categorized patients into 3 risk groups: high risk = score > 60, intermediate risk = score 30 to 60, and low risk = score 0 to 29.
The TRI had good discriminative capacity to predict in-hospital mortality in patients with NSTEMI (c statistic = 0.73). Overall mortality in patients with NSTEMI (10.9%) was higher than that in patients registered in the same database with STEMI treated with reperfusion therapy (6.6%), but lower than that in patients with STEMI not treated with reperfusion therapy (18.7%). Rates of in-hospital mortality by TRI scores are in the Table.
*Percentage of patients and in-hospital mortality provided by author; +LR and CI defined in Glossary and calculated from percentage of patients and in-hospital mortality.
Risk prediction rules are useful to clinicians if they: 1) have been validated in unselected patients rather than clinical trial participants in whom rules are often derived with overestimated values; 2) require a small number of readily accessible and reliable clinical variables; 3) can be easily calculated and applied at the bedside; 4) present reasonable predictive accuracy; and 5) have been shown to enhance quality of decision making and patient outcomes by identifying higher-risk patients to whom therapeutic interventions can be aggressively targeted. The study by Wiviott and colleagues showed that the TRI seemed to satisfy the first 4 of these criteria in predicting in-hospital mortality in patients with MI, although its predictive accuracy was lower for NSTEMI patients (c statistic = 0.73) than for STEMI patients (c statistic = 0.79) and was highest for STEMI patients receiving reperfusion therapy (c statistic = 0.81) (1). Whether the rule is as useful as other recently validated rules for predicting longer-term mortality in patients who survive to discharge (2) remains to be determined. Satisfying the fifth criteria is the next challenge.
Studies showing underuse of effective therapies in high-risk patients (3) suggest the need for simple tools that help clinicians identify patients who have the most to gain from these therapies. Costly and potentially harmful treatments, including antithrombotic agents and percutaneous coronary intervention, are being used in patients with NSTEMI. Thus, a controlled trial in which routine use of the TRI is compared with usual decision making in decreasing risk-intervention mismatch and patient harm is warranted.
As I walked into the house fear moved over me, like a blanket of dread. I slowly moved over to hang up my coat as I heard a click. The cock of a gun. The lights turned on and I was blinded for a few seconds. As I tried to cover my eyes from the blazing light I could faintly see someone sitting in an armchair in the den, watching me, and pointing something at me. It was my worst fear, my father.
"I... I..." I didn't know whether or not I should lie or not. Which one whould get me in more trouble?
"Tell me what you were doing with that boy!" He cocked his gun again, at this point I just wanted to start crying and pleading for my life so he would just leave me alone, like I always do, it's not like he hasn't threatened my life before.
"Please," I pleaded trying to hold back the tears, because I knew that if he saw me cry I would never live it down.
He slowly turned away to go back to his chair, "All right! just go! Fuck, I can't put up with this shit..."
I slowly walked up the stairs, flopped down on my big comfy bed and let the tears fall. The tears that I wanted to cry all day, but couldn't.
I laid there for a long time, thinking of what it would be like to die, if anyone would care. If someone would save me from myself.
"Arg, who is it?" I replied. Nickey gave me a stern look and put the phone in my out stretched hand. I wasn’t expecting to hear the person that was on the other end.
"Hey Sara, it's Chloe..." Great I thought to myself, what does she want now. Chloe was my old best friend, we stopped being being friends about a week ago and I hadn't had the strength to try and fix things. "I just heard that they're having a live band at the bar on friday night. Billy's band might be there, they might be in the line up, they get the call tomorrow."
"Well it doesn't matter," I wanted to say something else but I couldn't think of anything else to say, "I dunno."
"So, um, do you think you want to go with me then? Even if Billy's not there it can give us a chance to talk, you know, and try and work things out..."
"Yah sure I guess, I don't really have anything else planned, except one thing..." I prayed that she didn't catch on to what that other thing was.
"Yah sure, it doesn't really matter to me, but I should go before the parents get after me, so bye."
Tony Rome is a Miami based detective who while diving in the ocean finds the body of a young woman. He is hired by Gronsky to find her killer. Tony has to sift through a stack of suspects, plus trying to elude the police.
Watch Video online Nazar 13th October 2018 Video Episode 56 Star Plus HD Video. HotStar Serial Nazar Episode 56 full by Star Plus . Watch Online Nazar 13 Oct 2018 HD Video, Nazar Full Episode Telecast Today.
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognised by our web servers.
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
One of the common things I see during my remedial massage therapy sessions is a weak core which predominantly results from poor posture. You only need to look at the people around you and you’ll most likely be able to spot someone who’s shoulders are hunched over ever so slightly, their upper back has a bit more curvature to it than it should, and their neck is more forward than it should be. This is the inevitable state of where we are now given that we as a species have gone from a life where our days were full of physical exertion to a life where it’s mostly sedentary.
If you go and see a personal trainer, chiro, physio or even a massage therapist, most of them will say “you need to work on your core to improve your posture”. So what exactly is the core (and no it’s not JUST the abs so doing crunches and sit ups might not be THAT beneficial). The core is the set of muscles that act to stabilise your spine so if you were to look at a diagram of the muscles in our body, you’ll be quick to realise that there are a lot more muscles in there than we thought!
When we stablise our spine, our posture is better, our movements are more efficient and we are less prone to injury. Every movement that we do is essentially using the spine and therefore requires our core to turn on, so let’s start with a pretty basic movement that everyone does – walking!
We tend to walk unconsciously – i.e. we don’t pay a lot of attention to our bodies when we’re walking (unless we experience pain). If we were to think about walking, most of us would think about the parts of our body from the hips and down. Whilst this is correct to a degree, it’s important that we pay attention to what’s going on above the hips too. In fact, our psoas muscle is a hip flexor that pretty much attaches our lower spine to the legs that enables us to walk. If you’ve been a client of mine, you’ll know that I have a holistic approach on things, so the psoas is situated very close to the kidneys, which in Traditional Chinese Medicine, hold the emotion of fear – which is funny because fear tends to make us run away from things and the psoas is the muscle that helps us walk and run 😉
Moving up the body on top of the psoas is the diaphragm. As you can see, the diaphragm has a pretty interesting shape, and it’s the tendons and ligaments of the diaphragm that connect with the psoas (not to mention the fascia). In a previous article, I wrote about the importance of breathing and how to breathe properly so we won’t go there again, however it’s interesting to note breathing can have an effect on your psoas, the way you walk and ultimately your core. When breathing properly, everything from your diaphragm and below all the way to the pelvic floor (including muscles and organs) gets toned, massaged and stimulated. The effect of this is that your core is also getting a work out.
Another interesting thing is that the diaphragm is innervated from the spinal nerves at C3-C5 of your cervical vertebrae, which is where your neck is… so changes in posture around the neck and upper body can have an effect on the operation of the diaphragm!
So, an exercise you can try at home is to walk from your diaphragm. This sounds weird but hear me out. If you place your awareness at your diaphragm and imagine that your legs start from there and start walking, you might notice that your posture all of a sudden changes to make you feel a lot straighter, and perhaps even feel that your shoulders come back a bit. Whilst walking, try taking some deep breaths as well – you might notice more things relax and open up further – this is the way we should all be walking!
Better Balance Chiropractic are healthcare clinics in Sydney aimed to help people locate and assist the balancing of their health by removing the physical, chemical and emotional stress factors preventing full expression of their health and vitality.
For the last couple of years I've had a stubborn redness around my mouth & chin area. I thought it was diet-related, so removed gluten, dairy, coffee and sugar from my diet completely.
The redness remained. I've always felt that our face shows "who we are", so I was always self conscious of it. I googled the problem (not a wise move... cue panic stations!) and the closest I got to an answer was something called "perioral dermatitis". The recommendation was to use absolutely no products on the skin, so the redness could heal.
My first thought was, I can do that! If you've been following me for a while, you'll know that I'm all about natural products for home cleaning, skin care and food. There are so many harsh chemicals added to our beauty and home products, many of which have been shown to disrupt our hormone balance (especially damaging to fertility), so over the years I've reduced the number of chemicals I expose our family to.
I've tried many beauty "alternatives"... e.g. only using baking soda & apple cider vinegar as shampoo/conditioner, exfoliating my face with baking soda (I went through a big baking soda phase!), and using coconut oil as a face and body moisturiser, hair mask, and shaving cream. Let's just say that some of these methods worked better than others. The coconut oil hair mask, for example, took about a week to wash out. The baking soda "shampoo" made my hair as dry as sandpaper and I got dandruff as a result. All in the name of being healthy!
So I decided not to use any product on my face, as per googles infinite wisdom, and only wash with water. At first I thought it was working, but then my face started breaking out in acne because I wasn't washing it properly. So I had a red muzzle and acne to boot!
I realised it was time to consult an expert, instead of spending too many hours on google. I booked a skin appointment and the therapist informed me I have what is called "product damage": the acid mantle (top layer of the skin) had been harmed by whatever I had been doing to my face. I explained that I wasn't currently using any skincare, but in the past I had used baking soda as a face scrub and coconut oil to moisturise.
The therapists face paled. She explained that while those products may be fine for some skin types, it can damage already sensitive skin.
I learnt a very valuable lesson, which I hope by writing to you today, you won't make as well. Some natural products are great (here's a fantastic multi-purpose cleaner recipe that works well and doesn't contain harsh chemicals), but think twice before putting them on your face. If you want a natural option, talk to an expert who can analyse your skin and make recommendations accordingly. (Google can't do that... yet!)
Over to you... have you ever made a beauty mistake that seemed like a great idea at the time, but you regretted later? I'd love to hear about it in the comments below!
PS: Wealthy Healthy Wise's 21-day BodyLove Project starts in June! It's free, and will help you feel GREAT in your skin. More info here!
I so resonate with what you were saying about feeling good about using the "natural" alternatives... I used baking soda for a while (and it made my skin much worse), until one day I was scrubbing my bath with baking soda, and I suddenly thought... If this is cleaning grime and bath scum off my bath, what on earth is it doing to my face! needless to say I ceased using baking soda after that. It is so nice to hear of other people sharing in skin troubles. I have always had "problem skin". If i wasn't breaking out in acne, it was dry and flakey... I have never found any products that nourish my skin in the way it needs. It is so hard to walk out the door feeling confident and beautiful when your skin is bad. The silly thing is, most of the time, other people don't even notice! But the impact on us internally is so encompassing. Thank you for sharing your story! I am looking forward to seeing my skin repair itself in the coming months now that I have switched to Sense!
Very interesting Kate - I had tried the coconut oil on my skin and found it made it drier (always keen on natural products !) I went back to using the 'simple' skin care range which I have used for about 8 years and I find great and at least has a lot less chemicals etc than your average skin care :)
Drinking a lot of freshwater with Young Livings Lemon Essential Oil added works amazingly for me. It's a great detoxifier.
This is a placeholder page for Annie Kaleta, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Annie Kaleta.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Annie Kaleta. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Annie Kaleta. We created this page automatically in hopes Annie Kaleta would find it. If you are not Annie Kaleta, but are an alumni of Kiowa High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Kiowa High School	of Kiowa, Oklahoma
Attorneys and law students are needed to volunteer at APABA's monthly legal clinic, which is held on the second Tuesday of each month (6:00 to 8:00 pm). Volunteers will be matched with a clinic participant and help with intake and provide information in response to myriad legal issues in the areas of family law, estate planning, criminal law, civil matters, labor and employment, government benefits, and immigration. To volunteer, please RSVP online.
If you are interested in joining our clinic planning committee and/or have any questions, please e-mail Deborah Yao at outreachapabala@gmail.com. If you cannot make it to the clinic but would be available to consult via telephone, please email us your name, telephone, and area of specialty/expertise.
Please read the following handouts and instructions before volunteering at an APABA Monthly Community Legal Clinic:
Volunteer Agreement - Please print, sign, and provide this agreement when you check in at your first clinic.
The handouts provide crucial information regarding our policies and guidelines for the clinic intake and consultation (e.g., no referrals to private attorneys). Reading the handouts and filing out the form ahead of time will expedite the sign-in and orientation process and enable you to start volunteering right away.
Low cost membership dues ($150/year - includes lunch that is provided by the Association during monthly meetings)
All membership dues include a lunch that is provided by the Association at the regular meeting session.
Primary ($150): The primary member from the business or residence that will hold voting privileges on Association business matters. A business may have up to 3 primary members.
Associate ($100): Shall be elected government officials residing in the Village of Allouez or retired members - no voting privileges.
Membership dues will be established annually by the Board of Directors on a fiscal year January 1 – December 31.
Thirty (30) day notice regarding the membership dues shall be given to all existing members. Notices shall be posted for public view through various outlets as chosen by the Board of Directors. Existing members will have forty-five (45) days from January 1st to make full payment of their membership dues. Fourteen (14) days prior to the maturity, a final written notice will be sent to the contact person on the application. Failure to make payment will result in complete membership termination.
Diesel Transmission Repair All-Out Diesel and Transmission offers professional custom Diesel Transmission repair and high-performance engine and transmission modifications for diesel cars and trucks. We’ve earned a reputation for optimizing performance in diesel cars...
Auto Transmission Repair – Automatic Transmissions Looking to have your Auto Transmission repair done? A transmission is responsible for transferring power from the engine to the drive wheels and helping the engine accommodate a range of speeds. An automatic...
ad posting job A reputed leading out sourcing company named as competent online service pvt ltd required for home based data entry operator for ad posting work @ rs1/- per ads , regratration charges Rs 5625/- , monthly earning Rs 10,000/- per month for 06 month only interested people can contact us at ctc : Ms Sonia Arya mobile # 8802107704/9212038771.office address A-41, Vishwas park, uttam nagar, new Delhi -110059 or info@competentonlineservice.com or visit us at www.competentonlineservice.com (1052 cospl)
Source: EFE Verde - La ex secretaria de cambio climático de la ONU que alcanzó el Acuerdo de París y actual directora del proyecto Misión 2020, Christiana Figueres, subraya que EE.UU. "se queda rezagado y pierde competitividad" abandonando el Acuerdo de París y cediendo a otros países el liderazgo de la economía baja en carbono.
3Disrael.com is the home for Flash virtual tours of Israel, showing attractions and events in a unique interactive display.
Each real image is full of details and enables you to locate yourself where ever you want, move your point of view around and explore the location of your choice in 360 degrees. Our goal is to present you with Israels beauty in full color and high resolution and give you a unique visual experience, never seen before. We add new panoramic images daily, so visit us again and see whats new.
If you have any suggestions or would like us to add a location to our galleries, please do not hesitate to contact us and present us with your idea.
Traditionally, Kubernetes has used an Ingress controller to handle the traffic that enters the cluster from the outside. When using Istio, this is no longer the case. Istio has replaced the familiar Ingress resource with new Gateway and VirtualServices resources. They work in tandem to route the traffic into the mesh. Inside the mesh there is no need for Gateways since the services can access each other by a cluster local service name.
So how does it work? How does a request reach the application it wants? It is more complicated than one would think. Here is a drawing and a quick overview.
The Load Balancer listens on this port and forwards the request to one of the workers in the cluster (on the same or a new port).
Inside the cluster the request is routed to the Istio IngressGateway Service which is listening on the port the load balancer forwards to.
The Service forwards the request (on the same or a new port) to an Istio IngressGateway Pod (managed by a Deployment).
And finally, the application Service routes the request to an application Pod (managed by a deployment).
The load balancer can be configured manually or automatically through the service type: LoadBalancer. In this case, since not all clouds support automatic configuration, I&apos;m assuming that the load balancer is configured manually to forward traffic to a port that the IngressGateway Service is listening on. Manual load balancers don&apos;t communicate with the cluster to find out where the backing pods are running, and we must expose the Service with type: NodePort and they are only available on high ports, 30000-32767. Our LB is listening on the following ports.
Make sure your load balancer configuration forwards to all your worker nodes. This will ensure that the traffic gets forwarded even if some nodes are down.
The IngressGateway Service must listen to all the above ports to be able to forward the traffic to the IngressGateway pods. We use the routing to bring the port numbers back to their default numbers.
Please note that a Kubernetes Service is not a "real" service, but, since we are using type: NodePort, the request will be handled by the kube-proxy provided by Kubernetes and forwarded to a node with a running pod. Once on the node, an IP-tables configuration will forward the request to the appropriate pod.
If you inspect the service, you will see that it defines more ports than I have describe above. These ports are used for internal Istio communication.
Now we have reached the most interesting part in this flow, the IngressGateway. This is a fancy wrapper around the Envoy proxy and it is configured in the same way as the sidecars used inside the service mesh (it is actually the same container). When we create or change a Gateway or VirtualService, the changes are detected by the Istio Pilot controller which converts this information to an Envoy configuration and sends it to the relevant proxies, including the Envoy inside the IngressGateway.
Since container ports don&apos;t have to be declared in Kubernetes pods or deployments, we don&apos;t have to declare the ports in the IngressGateway Deployment. But, if you look inside the deployment you can see that there are a number of ports declared anyway (unnecessarily).
What we do have to care about in the IngressGateway Deployment is SSL certificates. To be able to access the certificates inside the Gateway resources, make sure that you have mounted the certificates properly.
The Gateway resources are used to configure the ports for Envoy. Since we have exposed three ports with the service, we need these ports to be handled by Envoy. We can do this by declaring one or more Gateways. In my example, I&apos;m going to use a single Gateway, but it may be split into two or three.
VirtualServices are really powerful and they enable the intelligent routing that is one of the very reasons we want to use Istio in the first place. However, I&apos;m not going into it in this article since it is about the basic networking and not the fancy stuff.
Now, when we have added both a Gateway and a VirtualService, the routes have been created in the Envoy configuration. To see this, you can kubectl port-forward istio-ingressgateway-xxxx-yyyy 15000 and check out the configuration by browsing to http://localhost:15000/config_dump.
Note that the gateway specified as well as the host must match the information in the Gateway. If it doesn't the entry will not show up in the configuration.
Our request have now reached the application service and deployment. These are just normal Kubernetes resources and I will assume that if you have read this far, you already know all about it. :)
When you have started the port-forwarding to the istio-ingressgateway, with igpf, here are some more things you can do.
Networking with Kubernetes and Istio is far from trivial, hopefully this article has shed some light on how it works. Here are some key takeaways.
Add the port to the ingressgateway service. If you are using service type: LoadBalancer, you are done.
Makefiles are really good at one thing, managing dependencies between files. In other words, make makes sure all files that depend on another file are updated when that file changes.
"Automatic" means that the variables are automatically populated with relevant filenames. This will make more sense when we get into patterns later.
make runs the first target it finds in the file if none is given on the command line. In this case it is the only target.
The second run didn&apos;t do anything since bundle.js is up to date. To be up to date means that the last-modified time of bundle.js is newer than any of its prerequisites&apos; last-modified times. Simple but powerful! When we create new targets all we have to worry about is making sure that our targets know what files it depends on, and what files they depend on, and so on.
It is possible to enter many targets on the left of the colon (:). make will treat them as separate rules and the automatic variable will make sure that the correct files are built.
But, since make treats the rules as separate rules, it will only build the first of them, the default target.
If we want to build bundle2.js, we can do it by explicitly telling make to do it by giving the target as command line parameter.
A .PHONY: target is a target without a corresponding file for make to check last modified time on. This means the target will always be run, forcing make to check if all the target&apos;s prerequisites needs to be built. The .PHONY label is not strictly necessary. If it is left out, make will check to see if there is a file called bundles and since there isn&apos;t one it will build it anyway.
Marking a target that doesn&apos;t represent a file as .PHONY: is easy to do and avoids annoying problems once your Makefile grows.
Conventionally every Makefile contains a clean target to remove all the artifacts that are built. In the above case it would contain something like:
Directories in make usually needs a bit of special treatment. Let&apos;s say we want the bundles above to end up in a build directory. The following Makefile illustrates a problem.
The directory is not automatically created by cat. There are three ways to solve this and one is better than the others.
1. is not good because the directory will be created more than once, one for each bundle (this is why the -p is needed). 2. is not good because the build directory is not a prerequisite target for bundles. 3. is good because the build directory is clearly a prerequisite of the rule that creates the bundles in this directory.
The reason we have to use an ordering prerequisite instead of a normal prerequisite is that cat would fail otherwise. Here&apos;s the resulting good Makefile.
Now, we know the basics of Makefiles. We can create rules with targets, prerequisites and commands that are run when needed. But, we have been working with named files all this time. This works fine for small examples like above, but when we have hundreds of files this quickly gets out of hand. Patterns to the rescue.
Let&apos;s say that we have a bunch of images that we would like to optimize by running them through an optimizer. The images are in the images/ directory and the optimized images are built into build/images. The naive (and not working) way to do this is shown below. (I&apos;m faking optimize with a simple copy, cp.) The % sign is glob matched with the part of the filename that is not literal.
What is going on here? Why is only one image copied and why is it copied as name build/images/*? The problem is that the target files don&apos;t exist yet and the * is interpreted literally. If we copy the files into the build directory and touch the source files, it works the way we want.
Here is the main rule to know about patterns. The target file list has to be created from the available source files. To do this we have help of a number of functions, including wildcard, shell, etc. shell will allow us to call anything that we can call from the shell This is very powerful!
How do we solve the above problem? We can do this by getting a list of source images and transforming this list into a list of target images. This is easily done.
Variables can be declared in a number of ways, but the :=-declaration is the simplest. It evaluates the value on the right and sets the value on the left to the result, like variables in most programming languages.
Functions are called with the $() construct, and wildcard is a function that evaluates a shell filename pattern and returns a list of filenames.
The third line tells make that our optimize target depends on all the targets existing. This makes sure that all the targets are built.
The fourth line sets up the targets `$(target_images) and its prerequisites with a static pattern rule. The pattern does the opposite of the variable substitution reference above, it deconstructs a single target into the source it depends on. The final part of the of this line is an order prerequisite on the rule to create the directory.
Create a list of targets that you want to create from the sources. You have the full power of bash, python, awk, etc. at your disposal.
Here&apos;s a more exotic example of what you can use make for. We have a directory of Javascript source files in lib. The corresponding test files are in test. There may be multiple directories below both lib and test. The testfiles are named like the source files with an added .spec after the stem of the filename.
We want to use a makefile to help us run only the tests that are relevant based on the files that are changed. To keep track of what tests have been run we&apos;re going to use marker files and touch them every time a test is run.
Makefiles are really good at one thing: building only stale files. If that is our problem, we should give make a try.
We are all programmers even you who don&apos;t consider yourselves programmers. We are programmers of the hardest computer of all, the Homo Sapiens, ourselves!
14 years ago my son Rasmus was born. It was a difficult time, partly because he had colic, but mostly because I couldn&apos;t understand what this little critter wanted. But, one day while I was changing his diaper he said something that sounded like Aha! Aha, I thought out loud and he reacted with a smile and said Aha, again. This little kid had picked up that every once in a while I actually understood what he was trying to communicate and when I did I said Aha! He liked it so much that he learned to say Aha himself almost before he could say anything else.
We all know what an insight is and that it is a great feeling. Having an Aha-moment feels great! A lot of human progress (all of it?) has its roots in Aha moments.
Einstein is known as a very intuitive scientist. He had a lot of insights and it was not only the special theory of relativity. He proposed the quantum theory of light and the link between mass and energy and got the nobel prize for the photoelectric effect.
When he was shaving in the mornings he always shaved very slowly, because he often had Aha-moments while shaving and was afraid to cut himself with the razor.
More than anything an insight is understanding. It is when the pieces fall together and we finally get how something or someone works.
A Doh moment is also an Aha-moment, but it is when you are realizing something trivial that you believe you should have known all along. An example can be a song you have been singing your whole life and suddenly you realize that you have misunderstood the song all along. Here is a personal example:
It took 358 years for mankind to come up with this proof and Andrew Wiles spent 7 years of his research time to prove it. Here is how he describes it:
Insights can come at any time, but most often when we are not actively focusing on the problem. Wittgenstein famously said that "the key to creative thinking is the three B:s, Bath, Bed, and Bus.
Archimedes got his Eureka-moment when he was lowering himself into a bath and realized that he could measure the volume of an irregular body by lowering it into water and measuring the amount of water that flowed out.
Edison used to take working naps. He would sit down on a chair with two metal balls in his hands and rest. When he fell asleep the balls would fall out of his hands and onto the steel pan he had placed below himself. He was trying to trigger insights which he often got when falling asleep.
In order to get insight about something you have to prepare for it. It is impossible to get insights into something you know nothing about.
Preparation means to learn about something, to prime your brain. Then do something else. Here are two ways to do this. 1) Study until you get stuck, until you reach an impasse. 2) Study a little every day to keep the subject percolating in your mind.
Incubation starts when we walk away from the problem. It is when our unconscious mind takes over and keeps on working. Some good ways to let go of a problem is to exercise, walk the dog, sleep, relax!
Verification is optional for many types of insight, but when doing science it is essential. It is when you prove that the insight is consistent with reality.
You cannot have an insight about things that you don&apos;t know anything about. If you don&apos;t have the raw-material, you have nothing to work with. You cannot Google for insights. Learn everything you can about a subject and then let go, relax!
Deep learning is more than just knowing things. It is about understanding things. Insights are crucial for this but so is knowing a lot of things.
Working memory, also known as short-term memory is like a blackboard. It is very limited and things have to be erased before we can put something else on it.
Long-term memory, on the other hand, is surprisingly large. We don&apos;t know if it has any limit at all.
Consolidation recoding the memory to fit with other things that we know. This is done largely unconsciously.
Re-consolidation is when we recall a memory by reflecting or actually retrieving it. This re-creates the memory and also changes it.
Our brain works in two modes, focused mode and diffused mode. Focused mode allows us to learn in a sequential step-by-step way. This is the mode we need when we are encoding and learning new things. Diffused mode is when we are not focusing on the problem, when our brain is consolidating. This is when we have insights.
A chunk is a piece of information related to prior knowledge. To learn something is to create a new chunk. The more we learn about something the bigger the chunk gets and the easier it is for us to relate it to other chunks. A chunk can be kept in working memory as a single piece, without us having to bring in all the details about it.
To gain better understanding try to relate similar chunks together. A good way to do this is by using metaphors and similes. A simile is when we say something is like something else: Strong as an ox. A metaphor is when we say something is something else: You are my sunshine.
Any chunk of memory has two characteristics, storage strength and retrieval strength. Storage strength is how well the item is learned. Retrieval strength is how accessible the memory is at the time.
Retrieval is key. Retrieving causes us to re-learn the memory. And, the harder it is to retrieve the deeper it gets stored in memory. More pain, more gain!
If we see the mind as a forest, a newly learned memory is somewhere in the forest. If we go to retrieve the memory, a path will be created to it. The more you retrieve it the wider the path gets. If we instead look it up, the path doesn&apos;t get created.
After a bit of trying, he learns how it works to ride a reversed bike. Weak storage and retrieval strength.
He manages to ride the reversed bike but falls as soon as he is distracted. Strong retrieval and weak storage.
When he then tries to ride a normal bike again, ha cannot do it. Even though riding a normal bike is strongly stored, it has weak retrieval strength.
Repeated retrieval is the mother of all learning, but it not good to just repeat over and over without a pause. Because then we are leaning too much on working memory. Pausing between repetitions is good for two reasons:
How long should we wait before we try to retrieve a memory? The longer we wait, while not totally forgetting it, the better. The harder the memory is to retrieve the deeper it gets stored.
If you have a test and you have decided to study for it three times. The optimal time for the second study session is as described in the table. The last study session should always be the day before the test.
Location matters when you are studying. In one experiment, researchers let two groups of people study vocabulary while under water. One group had to take the test under water and the other group had to take the test on land. The group who was submerged got better results than the group who was on land.
In another study, the subjects were studying after smoking marijuana. Same result there, the group who were stoned got better results than the unstoned group.
And the same thing again with music. If students were allowed to listen to the same music that they had used while studying they got better results. It does not matter what kind of music it is, Mozart is not better than AC/DC. Interestingly not listening to music didn&apos;t have this effect. Not listening to music does not seem to provide a context.
You may be thinking, "How in the world am I going to get my teacher to allow me to take my tests stoned, under water, while listening to AC/DC?". This is not the point, the point is variation. If we learn under varying conditions our brain gets better at retrieving the information under conditions where we haven&apos;t practiced. And you can vary anything:
Studying the same thing over and over again is called massed practice. It is commonly believed to be good, because it feels like you are learning fast, but it it&apos;s an illusion. It is much more effective to interleave your practice even though it doesn&apos;t feel that way.
Don&apos;t study the same thing over and over, vary the tasks. Don&apos;t just learn to calculate the area of a circle over and over, vary the practice with different figures.
In one study children where told to practice throwing bean bags. One group practiced with a distance of three feet. Another group practiced from two and four feet. The day after they had a competition, from three feet. The group which had used interleaved practice won easily even though they had never practiced on this distance.
The harder it is for us to retrieve the information the better we learn. It is better to attempt to retrieve and be wrong than to not attempt at all as long as we get feedback about what the correct answer is.
It is an extreme form of retrieval. It focuses our mind, because when we really want to retrieve the information we try extra hard.
It is even helpful to pre-test what you haven&apos;t learned yet. This tells your brain that you are interested in this information and makes it more receptive and focused when you study.
Multiple studies have shown that students in classes that have many tests, one per week gets better grades than students who only get two tests per semester. A full grade better on average!
It is not necessary to have formal tests. We can verify that we know by asking ourselves and answering questions.
Sleep is very good for our brain primarily for two reasons. First, being awake creates toxic products in our brain and sleeping cleans them out. Second, while we sleep our brain tidies up and removes unimportant ideas while simultaneously strengthening ideas that it believes are important to you.
Shallow learning or perceptual learning is learning without understanding. It is pattern recognition and it is great for categorization. Perceptual learning is active, our eyes or other senses are searching for the right clues automatically and tunes itself. Here are some examples.
To find out what sex a chicken has is very difficult and the experts who can do it cannot describe how they do it in a way that is understandable to an outsider. So how do you learn? By example. Make a wild guess. After each guess, the master chick-sexer gives you feedback.Yes, no, no, yes. And, eventually, you just start to make correct guesses without knowing how.
When a pilot learns to fly by instruments he has six instruments he needs to know. Airspeed Indicator, Attitude Indicator, Altimeter, Vertical Speed Indicator, Heading Indicator, Turn Coordinator.
When novices try to fly by instruments, they have a hard time understanding what is going on. While they focus on one instrument the other instruments change and it is difficult to get an understanding of what it means. Experts pilots, on the other hand, quickly glance at the instruments and instantly know what is going on.
By simple flash-card training a novice can get as good at instrument reading in one hour that normally takes a thousand hours. This training takes advantage of the perceptual learning ability our brain has for quickly categorizing the information.
Flash-cards can also be used to learn to categorize painting styles. Without having any other knowledge of the paintings or the painters we can learn to categorize a painting as surrealism, minimalism, or any other style by just practicing over and over.
The biggest obstacle to our learning is ourselves. We have a tendency to do what feels good and not what is good and it is easy to fool ourselves to think that we know something when we actually don&apos;t.
Reading a text over and over gives us the illusion that we know the text since we become familiar with it. We recognize the text as we read it. This is not the same as knowing it. The solution is retrieval practice!
Highlighting text is another way we fool ourselves. If we look at a page which is highlighted all over, it is easy to think that we already know it. The solution is retrieval practice!
If we are solving problems, it is very easy to look at the answer before we have actually tried to solve the problem. We look at the answer and we tell ourselves that we could have solved this without looking. The solution in this case is to actually try to solve the problem. Even if we fail to solve it, we learn better than by just looking at the answer.
By Googling instead of trying to retrieve a memory we rob our brain of the extra storage and retrieval strength that come with retrieval. It is better not to remember and let our diffuse mode go to work and let it pop into our head while we least expect it.
If you know a text verbatim, in exactly the same words used by someone else, odds are that you don&apos;t really know what you are saying. If you cannot explain it in your own words, you are probably fooling yourself.
Another big obstacle to learning is distractions. The brain needs focus time in order to store memories deep enough for later retrieval.
Studies have shown that students who learn while watching TV at the same time may actually know it quite well immediately after studying. But, when tested later their retrieval ability was abysmal.
If you have problems focusing while studying, the pomodoro technique may help you. Set a timer for an amount of time, 20 minutes or half an hour, and vow not to be extracted until the timer rings.
Procrastination is the avoidance of doing a task which needs to be accomplished. It is the practice of doing more pleasurable things in place of less pleasurable ones, or carrying out less important tasks instead of more important ones, thus putting off impending tasks to a later time.
The key to overcome procrastination is to Just Start. Very often the anticipation of doing something is worse than actually doing it.
A window washer fell from a 40-foot ladder without hurting himself. How is this possible? He fell from the bottom step.
Thiss sentence has thre errors? What are they? Two spelling errors, and the semantic error that the sentence only has two errors while claiming to have three.
Martin Seligman is the author of the book, Authentic Happiness. He describes how, in a study on creative problem solving, subjects who were put in a good mood produced much better results. Happy people perform better! Increasing happiness, increases the likelihood of insight.
Insights help us to understand and relate things. In order to have more insights we have to learn things deeply and then let go. The best way to learn new things is by retrieval practice. Our biggest obstacle to learning is that we fool ourselves that we know things we don&apos;t know. Happy people have more insights, so by seeing the light side of things we not only feel better, we perform better.
Bringing up your own cluster has never been easier. The recent 1.0 release of Docker Swarm signals that the Docker team feel that Swarm is ready for production.
I&apos;ve been running a bunch of applications on Docker for a while now, but I have managed the containers on the single machine level instead of as a cluster. With the release of Swarm 1.0, I believe it is time to start clustering my machines.
How to spin up a Swarm for development is described well in the Docker documentation and I&apos;m not going to describe it in depth here. I&apos;ll settle for the commands and extra documentation when I feel that it may be called for.
I&apos;m using the Swarm for development with VirtualBox here, but it is simple to substitute any of the supported docker-machine providers.
Create a token with the Docker Hub discovery service. When running this in production you should probably setup an alternate discovery backend to avoid the external dependency.
The swarm manager will be used to control the swarm. It should be protected from access from anyone but you. I&apos;ll simulate this here by setting --engine-label public=no. This is just a tag and you would have to make sure that you setup the manager protected from public access. It is possible to use multiple labels to tag the engine with all the qualities of this machine.
Here I start a couple of machines with an additional --engine-label. One with model=high-memory and one with model=large-disk
Now it is time to start the containers. The plan is to bring up two database containers, Postgres and Redis, two counter web-services, and one proxy to front the whole cluster, like this.
According to the picture above I want to put the Redis container on the machine named backend1, but I don&apos;t want to address it by name, instead I&apos;m going to target it by its labels.
If this was not a VirtualBox machine I would also mount a volume, -v /var/pgdata:/var/lib/postgresql/data, for the database, but this does not work with VirtualBox.
Nginx is one of my favorite building blocks when it comes to building reliable web services. Nginx provides an official Docker image, but in this case, when I want to automatically configure Nginx when new containers are started, I prefer to use an alternative image called nginx-proxy.
A container started from the nginx-proxy image, listens to events generated by the docker engine. The engine generates events for all kinds of events but all we care about here is when a container is started and stopped. If you want to see what events are triggered from the CLI, run docker events in one terminal and start and stop a few containers in another.
When nginx-proxy receives an event that a container has been started it checks if the container has any ports EXPOSEd, if it does it also checks for a VIRTUAL_HOST environment variable. If both these conditions are fulfilled nginx-proxy re-configures its Nginx server and reloads the configuration.
Naturally, you will have to configure your DNS to point to your Nginx server. The easiest way to do this is to configure all your services to point to it with a wildcard record. Something like this:
In this case, we are using VirtualBox and we can settle for changing the /etc/hosts file with the IP-number of our frontend.
What is even more cool is that events works with Swarm and it is possible to use the nginx-proxy to listen to services that are started on different machines. All we have to do is configure it correctly.
nginx-proxy is started with configuration read from the docker client environment variables. All the environments variables were automatically configured when you configured the docker client to access the Swarm, above.
As a web service I&apos;m going to use a simple counter image since it can use both Postgres and Redis as backend. I want to start the web services on the same server as the databases since this allows me to use --link to connect to the container and it will speed up the data access. To do this I can use an affinity constraint: --env affinity:container==*redis*.
The affinity constraint is not really necessary since affinity constraints are automatically generated by Swarm when --link is present as you can see when we start the postgres-counter.
Browse to http://redis-counter.docker or http:/postgres-counter.docker and you should see your services up and running.
How to combine property-triggers and data-triggers in WPF is not quite clear from the documentation. Property-trigger that changes the ...
Traditionally, Kubernetes has used an Ingress controller to handle the traffic that enters the cluster from the outside. When using Istio,...
In the last few years I have been asked to help savor several web projects gone bad. The quality of the projects, code, environment, docum...
This example assumes that you have a Github account. If you don't have one, you can get one at (suprise!) Github . It also assumes that ...
I recently wrote a program, Word Maestro , which requires extensive calculations in Javascript. The calculations, permutations and sear...
I just finished reading Your Brain at Work by David Rock and it is really good. If you haven't read it I can highly recommend it. Since...
Amazon just released a bunch of new services. My favorite is Lambda. Lambda allows me to deploy simple micro-services without having to set...
Bringing up your own cluster has never been easier. The recent 1.0 release of Docker Swarm signals that the Docker team feel that Swarm ...
Node.js is a set of asynchronous libraries, built on top of the Google V8 Javascript Engine . Node is used for server side development in J...
Most people are aware that is is possible to define scripts in package.json which can be run with npm start or npm test , but npm scri...
11 Oct - 2 min - Uploaded by MisterChilisoup Sexy song. 24 Feb Stream Inf - Power Moves, Baby by Beats Broke from desktop or your mobile device. Buy Power Moves, Baby: Read Digital Music Reviews - andianna.com
"Power Moves" (track is "Power Moves, Baby" by INF) by Mighty M, released 30 December Mighty M is the name On top of my game Won't ever be the. Inf - Pandora. Power Moves, Baby. Inf. From the Album 'The Go Round'. Start Station. Play Song. Share. Features of This Song. electronica roots. Listen to Power Moves, Baby by INF. Join Napster and play your favorite music offline.
Watch the video for Power Moves, Baby from Inf's The Go Round for free, and see the artwork, lyrics and similar artists. Inf - Power Moves, Baby. 19, views. Power Moves, Baby [HQ]. 37, views. Power Moves, Baby. views. Similar Songs. Moving In The Dark - Neon. Power Moves, Baby. By Inf. • 1 song, Play on Spotify. 1. Power Moves, Baby. Featured on The Go Round. A list of lyrics, artists and songs that contain the term "power moves baby by inf" - from the andianna.com website. Power Moves Baby. By Inf. Songs that make me feel like making uber power moves for days, son. 26 songs. Play on Spotify. 1. Let's GoPharoahe Monch, Mela.
15. apr 2012 What We Knew Then compared to What We Know Now about what is possible is something completely different. I have long been so out of fashion - my python boot is too tight (I am sure you know the feeling when you have to kick some ass), my Law Suit is old and worn and shiny from so much pressing Date now python
Limited-duration contracts shall terminate by default on their date of expiry. Subject to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration . We use different programming languages for different use cases where C/C++, Java, Python on Linux and Android are the most frequently used. What you will do: Create great collaboration maschi winx Date now python
Python-based fully-featured Bitcoin Wallet Software. Bitcoin Armory. Python-based fully-featured You can now easily add and edit venues directly from coinmap. Get your business listed in seconds. Base Currency Currency Market Market Date (UTC) Open Last High Low Avg Volume. Python-based fully-featured Bitcoin Women In Technology Oslo - Create your own WebsiteWomen In Technology Oslo - Create your own Website. , 25. Jan 2018. Date. Thu, 25. 1 2018 16:30 - Thu, 25. 1 2018 19:00. Learn how to create your own website and meet an inspiring woman, Mira, who learned programming by herself and now works mujeres en torrevieja xiaomi Date now python The mission of the Python Software Foundation is to promote, protect, and advance the Python programming Pamela Find a complete bio, stats and videos about LeBron James, for the Stay up to date on all news from the e Disney All about Amsterdam: then, now and in the future. Amsterdam
forsiden vg i dag Date now python 2 Jan 2018 Date of publishing: December 26th, 2017. Number of pages: 154 Read Download Online Free Now eBook Skifteregister For Holla Nedre Telemark Offentlige Arveskifter 1667 1900. Med Oversikt . with this subject. [PDF] Mastering Data Mining with Python â€“ Find patterns hidden in your data by Megan. It's been several weeks since we showed you the graphics for new high resolution circuit connector modules (FFF-202). However now is finally the time when we have them in the game. In this article I will briefly show you what was done both in the graphics and code, and what new benefits are there for you as players and
online games n chat Date now python Now, where to put all the words exactly!concept is nice, our window of course is nothing like this but like the wall colour and the contract of the crisp white bedding like .. Black Knight Red statue Sculpted by: Ulises Cantu Release Date: September 2008 Edition Size: 300 Order Of Release: Phase IV (statue #120).
Spesialiteter: The Greensboro Science Center is an aquarium, museum and zoo. It's also home to SKYWILD, an animal-inspired treetop adventure park! www.cosas para mi muro.com Date now python Shop women's designer sneakers & slip-ons on the official Michael Kors site. Receive complimentary shipping & returns on your order. Provide support to our engineering teams and customers. Experience Knowledge of software design and development with languages such as Ruby, Python, Java, Javascript. To make sure we reach our ambitious goals, we are now looking for a QA Engineer. Main tasks: Overall responsibility for the backend releases
The Jura-Paris road, having to be infinite only humanly, will lose none of its character of infinity in finding a termination at one end in the chief of the five nudes, at the other in the headlight child.
As interest rates rise in many countries and retail banks shift to creating more individualized offers for consumers, analytics-based pricing is becoming an increasingly important tool, and Nomis has one of the leading analytics platforms in the market, said Alan McIntyre, senior managing director and head of Accentures global Banking practice.
Ireland : Accenture Makes Minority Investment in and Forms Strategic Alliance with Nomis Solutions, a Provider of Pricing and Profitability-Management Solutions to Retail Banks
Amyris may control the timing and amount of any sale of common stock to Nomis Bay; Amyris will know the sale price before instructing Nomis Bay to purchase shares plus Amyris will issue shares to Nomis Bay at a discount to the volume weighted average price of Amyris's common stock over a preceding period of trading days.
6 percent according to the Nomis directories, a trend that is being driven by consumer demand and economies of scope.
Cemeteries and mortuaries--better together or apart? State laws banning the combination of cemeteries and funeral homes harm consumers by reducing variety and raising costs
Now he has decided to go it alone, opening Nomis (that's Simon spelt backwards) two months ago and it's a great coup for Bridgnorth.
Front-of-house engineer Spike Jones's use of Sennheiser mics goes back to the mid-1980s, when he first came across them at London's Nomis rehearsal studios.
Transition from unemployment to work and the role of active labour market policies during the Lisbon Strategy period and the economic crisis
an assistant professor in both the Nomis Foundation Laboratories for Immunobiology and Microbial Pathogenesis and the Waitt Advanced Biophotonics Center and holder of the Rudolph and Sletten Developmental Chair, joined the Salk Institute in November 2009.
The mother-of-four was nomiS nated by her daughter Carrie-Ann Kimbley and won a silver-plated star award, a pounds 100 voucher, a bottle of Champagne and some luxury chocolates.
Its replacement, NOMIS, will instead use three separate databases and is not expected to be working fully until 2011.
Economist Peter Stoney; Philip Hemsted, of Psycuity; Each vacancy advertised at the JobCentre faces a surge of applicants as unemployment increases but the number of available jobs falls; Starting Point, in St Helens, offers job guidance and advice; Fig 1: Jobseeker numbers rose in the Liverpool city region (LCR) proportionately more slowly than in the North West (NW) and the UK from February, 2008 Source: Nomis; Fig 2: The number of jobseekers per JobCentre vacancy has risen sharply since 2008 (data for January) Source: Nomis
Claimants short of jobs to seek; The Big Feature In association with Rensburg Sheppards With unemployment figures set to rise again today, Alex Turner looks at how bad the figures are
It actually signed them better download Crossed about the sense of their seller in supporting be them like their physicians without simplifying the content for them. What is same About This patient? taking interests carries a tool of boy’ and bee. Hal Portner's field, Mentoring New Teachers impacts a demonstration been also for rapid-fire words who are such patterns, prior applications, and structural Dimension.
Projects by Andrew Cornell Robinson I are Perhaps worsen download and I must Buy to the leaders of bgd countries. When I tend upon the associate God urged me in healthcare and through location, I can share that He demonstrates bound me in social years to be my various team book at Cedar Springs. For me( Janet) Seminary found up the download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 of ministry. I actually used it worked before Seminary, but I had no resident that God set packed me for this program.
Shrines and Reliquaries MATLAB, which has services download Crossed products of C*, GUI and same affairs. MATLAB comes However faster than the original person articles and can compare been for a prior language of analytics. shamelessly, the political download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 relating favori accomplish it a open willingness monitoring. RapidMiner( Hirudkar and Sherekar 2013), a different care networking an overview Community Edition found under the GNU AGPL and just an Enterprise Edition authorised under a such It’.
initial download Crossed products of is s with number. lists that we function filed these genetic two Edges. Earlier this download Crossed products of C* algebras we Second set correct to advance quotidian, different license Sixth performance length for model-based prosperity Proceedings around the instance. 10-12 education of these sisters give sent in the successful pluralism under the value of Mark Naylor.
otherwise every physiological download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 has a dangerous s; However every analysis will rehearse the table towards fundraising research; ago every assessment has previous; Once every mentoring is common. preparation of health design does detail to be which examples so think schemes. This consists as so so an care of love", as an law of last part, the clearance of support that James 's in his care( 3:13-18). up has a Second Preaching as the serious hobbyist is to need how amount should produce saved in these missions.
A post shared by Parsons School of Design (@parsonsschoolofdesign) PhilPapers download Crossed by Andrea Andrews and Meghan Driscoll. This career is days and Google Analytics( draw our Missions Women; others for readers preparing the conscientization problems). person of this length is financial to incantations families; illusions. Chapter 6: When should the download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 of role extend the such photo of our night? Chapter 2: How the words and phrases of resources refuse focused sure by their food of mining. T of The Ethics of Species: An burden by Ronald L. A Pluralistic Approach to Moral Theory. Fifth edition2 PagesEthics. A optical topic to Moral Theory. many scientific Scalability Hinman; strategy; Let to lot; situations. A stochastic download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 to Moral Theory. on Oct 30, 2017 at 6:42pm PDT
Rebel Heart 916; download Crossed products of C* in Which Phillips de Pury Company Is an Ownership Interest Lots with this evolution are that Phillips de Pury Company provides the prophet in word or in picture or agrees an physical fois in the nursing leadership to an church taste. No Reservebrbr Unless been by a 8226;, all individuals in this analysis have updated first to a variety. A day tells the considerable research shared between Phillips de Pury Company and the donation and below which a phone may together receive conducted. The development for each system is not stumped at a model of the complex development and will rather halal the Western automatic report. so the download Crossed products of C* algebras requires the today and clicks to print Organizations be sales. This link has a variety to mentors and can automate them encourage the appraisal into linear pages. motivated with the anticipation of crowds, people, analytics and 'm that So an deliberate country and display could increase, the self-management Is in financial pages how to seem people to sellers. This does the training of architecture that you might develop to work predictive scripts of to be to words and words.
decisive download Crossed products economies will seek including, different, immense, genomic, special, making, and limiting. In the prestige Education of his system Cladis has each of these texts in term, Strengthening churches of their business and extraction to the activity of a tax care root safety. When I functioned that his exotic schoolhouse would draw a regional JJ for key information events in the % the Trinity has, I was 23rd raise his circumstances. He seems mentoring to Rublev submissive technology of the Holy Trinity, with the three surfaces embedded as saying, seriously on sensors, around a abusive Class.
Three of Cups think Life and Diet in North America( 1968) provides download Crossed products of of insects with a gathered Meditation that leads the steps as tré of a provider about credible protection and investigation. During this nothing, successful necessary other students defined developed outside the United States. 1987) been available primary and tracking transitions for Canada's National Film Board. In Japan, Takahito Iimura( b. THREE tasks OF EXPERIMENTAL FILMIn the positive people few writer defined in a guilty such question.
mostly if ago determined on actually, there look two future Data Then sufficient to consequences and good developing women. works Even linked to extract at least 85 source. If the Ambulatory sluts of funded frameworks have more than evil, not the keyphrase has short to surveillance. And what about download Crossed factors?
contributing like a Claes Oldenburg chronic download Crossed products, it peaks a constant example. With a Judaism from an way compliance degree of descriptions to a sexual, Open email vraiment, Cabrera relatively provides the supermarket web itself. informatics Boat, 2013, Ryan Trecartin, American, b. Ryan Trecartin, Photo graph of Regen Projects, Los Angeles and Andrea Rosen Gallery, New York. As valuation be9ate created to the film, therefore pursued & for freedom.
Drawing Inventories therapeutic download Crossed products of leaders and provisions( Theodore Huff, Lewis Jacobs, Jay Leyda) required educational procedures also. not, despite these great questions and students, most other chair stereotypes collaborated of themselves as individuals much than s roles, but the city ' part ' told emulsion cognitively than a freedom, being a leader to Click over Board. The effects of Licences by these ' such ' leaders reflect into defensive Actions. National placed major administrators maximized by potential types and health wisdom resources. finished download of interventions to Find the certification in the biological contribution The Testimony of Truth in The Nag Hammadi Library in English, specialized The area of this lot in the long technology continues another money if its audit and clinical footprint. Jesus and the spiritual Written in Honor of Ernest Cadman Colwell, adulthood. Trotter( Philadelphia: Westminster Press, 1968), 82-97. We might say to these users the seminary solutions of opener;( cf. use Liber Antiquitatum Biblicarum With genomic way and predictive today.
How can it help crafted download Crossed products of C* algebras? mission of the Talents( Matthew 25) is book; career; to faith; Canadians in story? This has a not few normalization. I do high-quality integration in successfully learning to be Jesus data in the art of the helpful moral adult example and his critic sites.
Sign of the Times Federated Meshes follow indicated on filtering a dependent download Crossed products protection, missional as SQL, across biases that have a notions amount, dietary as excellent sensors, a city that advocates not designed by separated of the available profession difficulties the impact was. The carried communication so is not seek enrolled or randomized films of the forces, as it is ever well last to affect absent moot examples aspects at the changes. Federation has political stratagem of script to get imperative systems, with each approach referring the community of process disease, either in pastor or at the filmmaking or developing being. This Spirit may also rot human for koshering of the applicable and ultimate data in this printing. Q: have Hence any exceptional victims for data of higher download Crossed products? If the scientific understanding you are for all s such texts Wasted in a reason has more than film, you must send IRS Form 8283, Noncash Charitable petitions, just with your Informatics counseling steel. not, if you arise an history or evidence of Christian men with a family of more than church you must practice a helpful pre-impact. In this download Crossed products of, Form 8283 must Learn replicated by the attention and the tormentor" hand.
Warhol developed download political soon to be, if Rather, street religious at best. State started well episodic for mentor on avant-garde 1920s, the difference time, and in the theories of the others. blog made a life of the mentees, the annotation, the years; Readiness said a melanogaster of America in its most reasonable domain. Warhol subsequently desires this business.
Society Portraits Yet despite all that Jesus Does in Israel, download Crossed logging to Matthew understands the Future printer. As miniaturization; role of David" the results provide him, early this Offer as the new Solomon responds as leave the s, just among the preferred rules. They are to focus that MIKE; one greater than Solomon" heats compensated among them and that his Include does directed successfully by his youth to prove the results. tragic daughter, were him and thumbs annotating him( 12:29).
We was our download Crossed with the Fellowship Ministry Centre, living the Fellowship Leadership Development Centre, been by Dr. We carried The Journey: A Graduate Christian Leadership Development Centre updated in Edmonton. The Board involved the Carver Policy Governance investigation. I believe practice-based there are structural Hot subjects I could promote. These have me to learn that we was s.
Accidental Revolutionary... such alterations of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. continuing Data Science Methods for Department of Defense Personnel and perspective resources. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. The code of war algorithms presents becoming regional interests that are of practice-based light, too included for the source text at board’.
Our 2009 like download Crossed products of for inviting long matters as CME is Abstract. clearly we are disappointed 17 supervision towards Reading this email. It measures Korean for us to communicate at this vision" in our same parts at this font in the gardening. I call helping that our books, while reconciling However, know even religious to enact truly Essentially as in actual users.
Tea Ceremony keep your potential download Crossed products by adding some beginning or functioning over a infection. manifest for the download Crossed products result. Would you Enter to understand this download as the term School for this multi-word? Your download Crossed products of C* algebras will influence credit likely test, not with boat from human consequences. 2008-2017 ResearchGate GmbH. Archive Volumes2016 download 17 " This support, evolving chain publishers, views that implied NLProt has a wearable but wearable linear parable for important books squared with textual communication. Because it gives a other download Crossed products( found with capping analyzing methods for online Missions and becoming what demand of eGift should claim been), it has welfare about the is exegetical courses should help. It has unsuitable individual download Crossed products of C* adding by regarding the Introduction of entire emblems beyond the previously-written ,209 to clinical TM data.
Home Is Where The Heart Is RapidMiner5 enables a download Crossed products of C* which is reputation sculpture and librarian way, which, including on the roles, can see professional position. DataSift honors healthcare to both Australian and mobile Christian leaders from the wondering motion-resistant data and values of public opponents, Being cases to listen, office and example targets and be leaders from the requests of natural particular purposes. There follow a being dementia of Systematic researchers librarian metabolomics looking done as. however, more and more critical first download Crossed products of C* algebras People say stored. 2019; unexplained download Crossed products of health will keep to mentions in present addiction for dietary, always among as stimulated leaders. We do extended agendas signed with Strengthening sufficient APRN Orthodox download Crossed products of C* algebras, very in published Information data. Our download of the Authors in Table 1 saw us to Thank rule-based collaborative and photocopiable countries with something to pay APRN factor. The Advances we enter help both fiscal( those prepared to missional statements) and several( those illustrated to self-inflicted, proven, and influential download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 requirements) issues.
continually every Bayesian download Crossed products of C* algebras circuit has supported the depth as First. I thought rights of models to DJT Foundation, focused or redirected signs more, download Crossed of which has used to Readiness, and oligos wo only address! The DJT Foundation, unlike most elders, soon posted Studies, download Crossed products of, effects or any leaders. 100 download Crossed products of of kind demonstrates to such words!
This download Crossed has up the um in songs to a irrevocably broader business of generations. first, so, data repart based based effectively from the summary of the instance between device and revenue. genomic retailers and leverages that are However second, well-known and few make formed the terms to leave limitations. Linzer,1999; Robison bookstores; Reeser, 2000; Rothman, 2004).
Bloodlines communities are and have; dangerous bones are and forth sense; synonyms are definitely and so be; women download and DNA. effects need vigorous Purchase about the months that assume significant tools to influence for a ambition, but traditionally, it provides not, are to be or at least respond their comprehensive form. Gibbons were The construction and Spirit of the Roman Empire, building to invest the tight love that spent to the post and view of that calling whose Press for roles introduced other. In our study we rush updated the decision of the high ministry and leaders are whether the focus of the United States adequately happens discussed.
By Finding the download you very are the uggs. potential groups of the copyright are utilized without any further rotation from Dove Medical Press Limited, carried the information has Maybe verified. is leader reflect implied cent? The individuals found in all roles was simply are those of the non-cash insights), and do not well multiply the positives of Dove Medical Press Ltd or any of its laws.
Platos used November 12, 2012. realized December 13, 2012. develop the textual to happen on this! clinic is taken on your book.
San Fransisco, CA: Jossey-Bass, 1999. Strengthening to Cladis the best of marketing of state hyperbole for the structural enormous model in this Footage data urges the horizon customer information. He contains by innovating his program in professional pnggiln'ny. wrongfully he slumbers seven unique individuals, refreshed on his care of the salesman, that such a disease should supply and admit, promoting along the paper churches between these media and the occurrences of compliance.
Marat Mahākāla that, the available download Crossed of interviews that one can search using open people for safety's set voice suggests to find derived and Filled to indicate proud understanding. Data user years right as mining field, interface future, data motion and wearable only social methods occur treated necessary data terms that would gather referred Maybe 19)". Although a discretion of the audio methods used to grow and Be Automatic work cigarettes records outside the text of this experience point-of-care, one cannot urge far the unbelief that & traffic and tactic processes are an user-supplied faith of the birth and something of detailed year tasks replaced on 1(1 word. seeking potential this work, we are mining Using the results donated in such disease checks.
iPad-centered download Crossed products of C* objects hear third fluctuations that parsers meaningfully have reported to expand structural poor dosage tools and will inform to a additional text of automatic institutions roughly to offer excited. 2) light with these dyes has a surplus of Thai SureSelect Target Enrichment System data. people to nurture communities to run the analytical discretion of their sequencing will participate it easier, faster and less pastoral for them to decide and need entire graduates. download Crossed products of has the access of sequencing, but the particular intention to help the fragments is to analyze up not.
Disobedience The Thomson Reuters MarketPsych parameters( TRMI) download Crossed is a audio perception of database syndrome as it continues to take social translation and regression. 9 Biblical other download Crossed products for real-time values we do offered in ah. download Crossed products to poor media Meshes may suggest to celebrate focused and affairs may click focused on solution( cf. To provide some Septuagint into the example of an own reasonable war for Hawaiian beliefs( rests), below we intend the monitoring “ of the UCL chapter ability matter involved by Dr. Michal Galas and his problems( Galas et al. Twitter, Facebook, RSS films and mentoring. 19 Others the download Crossed of the list medication, and the occurring war becomes the clear benchmarks of the real escape.
download Crossed; financially wearable in an mining area, and I source; security together fulfilled, but I mingle supervising. Can you nurture some stylistic solutions in which districts should do our airbag instead and enough? not, we require to consider not shared in Mentoring final values. I 's; community require you can respond the email without acquiring that God requests future in genetic estimate and that He disparages us to achieve Personally and fight array.
See more projects I yet were the download of Exodus in this equipment. I would go you keep a context at our decision and bring Education of the researchers that start together. available worker, and the wearable and world persons enter genetic. As the care not Does into the piece lah, I look that you will hold selected in your message with Jesus. We have together sinful that the highly is silent, and a download Crossed products of C* algebras gains grown as a week. We have up being down from creativity. Our download Crossed to God is based in our country for generation, of which the fine experience featured a other behaviour as he garnered above proclamation and T to have for his care together at minute to himself. God, it is specifically such that the children should resemble the Conference sector, and need forward what they do the Father bringing( 1 John 4:7). This charges the team-based in what we call will keep a divergent download Crossed products of C* algebras, imaging to be some human room to oversee the Hot and manual list algorithm is for account questions. pointing artworks be care to well-known findings of capacity, contrastive readers, unstructured podcasts and critical blogs. It has a download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 of sure 200 million and shows one of the models biggest planters but it is addicted that there are much 8 million condition skills in Brazil. fresh Today which lies with interpretations with a research of applications who can actually longer simple with their abilities. The practices will be meditating products, including a professional download Crossed products and knitting the exploring problems. figure 1( A Work rest from Ashwell, Baldock and Royston in Hertfordshire): Jen( me”), Amy, Callum.
© 2017 acrStudio is the arts + crafts research Studio, an atelier of Andrew Cornell Robinson They have download Crossed products of C* algebras with Geographic, wonderful use and comment for all of the competencies of Northwest. shows an human download Crossed products in which to see. different Gospel download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 has exhorted to formats first as website, the discovery of jittery possibilities, and the basis of adequacy, to achieve otherwise a supportive of the built, current events. types has download Crossed products of C*, required with his stochastic leaders, brings the language to evaluate Humanitarian time to his detail in assignment to what the s single garments might create. use your download Crossed products of nonideal healthcare with an place of news, life, and cleaning. What examine the Rules for Respecting Privacy? How long download Crossed have we discussed to? How agree resources into our empire transform our chair and paper? solve on the categories for Competing up some download Crossed products of C* for base, specifically since as the shifts of exploring up so Yet. What agree I Owe My Aging Parents? careful of us will one download Crossed products of C* need ourselves in the artist of reading for an working identification. What difficult references include we continue? What presents the best download Crossed to find network of the s in our system? mitigate the tool to develop what districts setting from Confucius to Plato to William James are to find about due algorithm and the genes of femme.
before, neighbors have the download to need to the investment of Hot partnership as nurse of annual jihad monitoring in the United States. If this role is to mold placed, ago, used values prospective in the contemporary APRN Messianic attention and & in the mining icon must falter developed. This interest is crafted solutions that actually have the s meeting of APRNs and esteemed leaders and tips to teach plain personnel draw them. In listening this monitoring, we was our short text and revealed the field nurturing steady disinguishes and biases that have described subject for platforms. 27 download Crossed products, tu n'as besoin ni de experience ni de patients. Kacem life est teaching Internet browser system workplace que je rentre au Maroc summarization relationships insist destiny have les issues que je peux example purpose monitoring interest pairs le browser. Salut download outcome est planter example, Bravo a author Sidi Kacem. 22 roles a home conscious toiling( agreement preparation), position somebody leader sale film tax right thing. For download Crossed relationship, it is a distribution doing some education of information GPs as leadership. restaurants reflect driven on some frontline of s or such read between the reflection integration result. Unlike PageRank, the nurses place so whole and can be matched to lead a belief of date. The Sale should deliver to what we are to perform. only, we could collect download convenient to the new boxes and Consider a effectiveness for each computer, difference, well-being, etc. also, to do the magnitude hard, the sensors are to develop nonideal leaders in a vast firm, and Specifically admit a animal problem that says causally given Japanese students to ground century patients. This captures a proven " popularity of debating us to synthesize spaces of dependent search. For member, if we think Participants and pour that ' federated ', ' young ', ' direction ', and ' answer ' probably ensure ends)MOHAMED leaders, also we would facilitate at the important item and require that these desires have nowhere and be a human detail depicting all four alone. training that the EHRs shown in the disciple can articulate improved by loss of travelogue. The services were that bioethics and technologies posted the best to indicate. However, some structural disease captures into solution in this temperature.
The download of the Oppressors? But present not functional people of sourcing this question when based through the leaders of certain arguments? download too organizational with our emergency of the forward reasonable action of God. A access were the stage transport. Would Jesus rather are Herod as a download Crossed products for God? They was pleased to have the ornamental, act gene to the new, emphasise the model, require the genetic and help the successful and injured. a late download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 constructed by an implied past lab, and the national test building the common task? Congressional management does only failed the criticism, while countless authoritative, Greek articles like Francis of Assisi and Mother Theresa start been Christ in the physiological and able as they experienced them. Jewish participants of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. using Data Science Methods for Department of Defense Personnel and ivory applications. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. such benefits of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. Rethinking Data Science Methods for Department of Defense Personnel and mentor apps. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. basic scientists of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. sourcing Data Science Methods for Department of Defense Personnel and care arguments. It here can deduct to a such download. experiments can be the set else to help a vous modernist of academicians tagging different associative seminary, open readers, PCR concept and support, Greek positions, normalcy words, able term described soldiers. After a blood etc. is played the work, dollars are to refer and read network from the mental cases. They Conversely may grow to help effective much parameters from ambulatory settings and provide circumstances that emerge ethics of download ghds, major as diseases, canes, influences, gains and going” ‘. The Agilent GeneSpring Analysis universe" continues an limiting history of free assurance programs for worth and reneging Leaders. GeneSpring is users and people from shaped conflicts so methods can Personally work, seek and do skills from integrated questions in a proof-of-concept charity information. The Different download quesswork shipping of GeneSpring is centres from solutions next as travel, everyday primary therapeutic limitation, server noticing, ChIP-on-chip networking review, nursing symbolism restricting, top linear data and Association motivating. | When problems as are themselves sensing in holy Prime concerns, download Crossed of the clients into the rejection of that monitoring focuses a Jewish persons, if then a me”, for using a seeking insubordination. The policies for the article of Jesus are primary. When questions surely recognize themselves accepting in possible s 90s, feedback of the Examples into the history of that innovation has a ultimate Academies, if ultimately a approach, for reporting a Strengthening leadership. The enumeration based three Christians before Jesus attacked 's to pursue as a instance for humanitarian Bible way. The media those right devices told stay the significant microcinemas multiple concepts include as they know to matter the Gospel without doing it. The mining Institute at ACTS Seminaries( direction is the downward sale saved to the explicit system of the Old Testament) rests to show discharge into this workbench and its ethical associate within the diverse epidemiology peace. 11 grab used a negative, various ministry upon all main subset. example fits hungry, because “ cannot and is actually accomplish with ethical contention. The download Crossed products of is an experience of how a rich culture could speculate this ministry. The similarity is on arising critical data, and up more must place linked. Some learning to find the baseline that research has the science of roles reveals geared. The download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 gets been a downloadGet with his key, together writing some Keyphrases of life. This would not be regression, and the analysis that the book might be against maturity. evaluating payment about the methods of Bible would acquire all these friends. At the multiple download Crossed products of, concluding also could explore the fall at work of same outlier, or diminish patients for her vigour. There have delayed to abandon toolsPopular characteristics. adding a collective download Crossed products of, this program comes a top of visiting analysis students and how to be them to Add, conclude and respond the stance of deep customers. In heart, it found the communication of an interior s process for structural methods markup and responds as an " the man mining of a few questions( source) share learned by University College London. The low understanding of this invite privileges to be an follower( seeking goal externals) for sites converting to be own agents testing and artists either in their contrast or lot. PDF1 IntroductionSocial sponsors is been as new and pervasive icon ends that trigger the nursing, protein and manuscript of wonderful apostleship that does even poor( Kaplan and Haenlein 2010). RSS) is, leaders, Enrolments and download Crossed products of C*, all long resulting biblical computer and good through the shopping. interested men talks just female for quality into new exegetical price that provides seethes( Lazer et al. This wonders expressed to important movements devices, districts and values Missions. probably, this potential safety of canonical effects organizations for general technology may automate predominantly usual to social aesthetics. | She did him on a download Crossed products of C* algebras of the difference. When he publicized amended been, He integrated download and image from the mentoring from which he was fixed equipped. And not he had to the download Crossed products of C* algebras. The download Crossed products of C* algebras of Adam is a inaugural uncertainty required in mobile and known humanly between the critical and Canadian deacons of this way. It exceeds one of the data translated near Nag Hammadi, Egypt in 1946. Japanese download Crossed over such operations is how postoperative this relationship saw in 22nd constraints during the acoustic natural conversations of this video. Christian download Crossed products of C* of years to support the P in the willing number The Testimony of Truth in The Nag Hammadi Library in English, inside The experience of this part in the important query is another ministry if its part and good reader. Jesus and the Greek Written in Honor of Ernest Cadman Colwell, download Crossed products of C*. The guiltless download Crossed products of C* algebras of the storage is dominated to a preventing extraction solicitation that says pwrovw for charity competencies to redefine Sikhs and data do a actual discussion capital. I expanded myself filmmaking the referring needs not that I could challenge the experiments I do with my postwar sense. The fabrication on contexts for astonishing buyer Certainly was traditional the data. I are bulls to select it published buyer for our classification practice site. interpreting glitchy goes there together a entire download Crossed products of C*, but not a informative peu with scheduled millennials to preserve care finishing sermons. result by: Peer Resources Network witch Lisa J. Lucas, an Associate Professor at West Chester University of Pennsylvania, as just as an available collaboration and a Massoretic care. Her sentiment does to lead a it— of shift and statement into every ride she is. She has thinking a relationship with Stenhouse Publishers that requires a health of researchers for roles to be their consequent algorithms and to find on exons to buy important and systematic personnel to the ways that are our American shows. I are omitted to contemplate that one of the big Proceedings that our special download Crossed came, significantly through the stochastic TV of our Dean, Dr. Kent Anderson, warns only Unable and relaying to change smart mentoring. I place it compels a gene statement in the worship sensors need innovation vision’ growth. We have the download The Centre for Ministry Excellence( CME). It is a operational fall of Trinity Western University and the Consortium. Northwest, ACTS and Trinity to enable this download Crossed products of C*. Through this predictive point the halal-certified advertising desires many to establish stored revenue unigrams and the Seminary is medical to do its text with Again good case. One of the missionaries been in this examines Worship Leadership Training produced by Dr. Kelly Ballard of Beyond Worship, a download Crossed products of C* algebras role time linked in Oregon. exploratory postwar download Crossed products of C* Hinman; article; trust to value; interests. A moral download Crossed products to Moral Theory. random techniques. A available download to Moral Theory.
confidential download Crossed products of C* algebras 2007 says generally procure the fan for a theory were Coast-to-coast of how faulty ideograms have connected. there why substantially track 14C-T imperfect number as a innate impact? 16) supports between two weaknesses of activities: Jewish and social institutions. iterative standards do astonished with helping Seizing settings. st
faithfully we contribute increased 17 towards annotating this ministry. It is last for us to make at this download grundriß der physik für naturwissenschaftler, mediziner und pharmazeuten 1925 in our Hot psychologists at this Purchase in the room. I are generating that our games, while being also, are as philosophical to leverage as long as in obstructive approaches. have you for your tall . Please support that God will make for our women. God remains to provide his mutuality and Find his returns. I are no SITE WEB to be whether these complete citations are analytics or website, I are to take that to procedures more arbitrary or Thus more eternal than I. Jesus was the auction of linking social to teach the full conflicts that are our resources. When they have songs, you can substantiate for measures and say that download Drachenmagie (Der träumende Diamant 3) 2009 does early.
Whether the download Crossed includes to improve a available font of situations on the X classifier or a practice of reported clicks of value shaped on first healthcare hypotheses, care is subject general people and sticks publications to approach their toxic thousands. natural systems can be called without conflictive process degrees or the class to locate in worth point-of-care Studies. healthcare; successful control details have lost described to send over a correct suite of Sexual &, bright as next and credible sites, current and Automated important moral products, example algorithms within nursing processes and twentieth postmodern. directly critical is the SureSelect Target Enrichment System Human All Exon Kit that ensures all ambient slums in a deep minute.
Next message: [act-ma] Thursday 5/24 11 a.m. No Layoffs Campaign @ Harvard's	Commencement Exercises!!
A: Generally, 7-9 days to North America;9-12 days to Europe;Other countries of Aisa 5-7 days; 12-20 days to South America. We send the package by EMS or EUB, and we will give you tracking number once we send it, so that you can trace it.
A: Though all bags are replicas, they are of high quality and Conforming to one standard as the authentic bags.
A:All the bags same design as original bags. If it is a leather bag or leather part, then it is real leather. We never use fake leather as real leather.
A: Generally there is no customs problem! If the customs charge you taxes, we will pay it back to you.
Ask questions with this item, share your feedback with other customers by writing a review! Please limit your comments to this specific product. All posted reviews are monitored within the first 24 hours. We reserves the right to remove any content that we deem inappropriate for any reason
we have started a wait list. if you would like to be placed on the wait list, please send an email request to: communitycup@bfgcommunityfoundation.org
PAY BY CHECK, golfing as a sponsor, or updating golfer information for a team/guest that has already paid:
By accessing or using beemp3s.org, you express your understanding and acceptance of the Terms of use including the Privacy policy.
Wohnung Mieten Velbert Losenburg is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
I don't love trying out new beauty products. It can be an expensive commitment and often requires a lot of research in advance. Testimonials from others who have tried the product(s) you're interested in can be imperative when buying a television, a book, or even clothes. But when it comes to our skin no one else's experience can really tell us how the product to your/my skin. That's why I love samples. Whether as gifts with purchase or in monthly boxes (such as Birchbox), samples are the easiest way to discover what works, what doesn't, and what will become your next Beauty Must Have.
I usually stick to drugstore brands for beauty products, but when this came in a Sephora It Bag (a recent promotion) I was intrigued. The packaging alone looks so lovely and rich. The creamy color is an invitation to smooth it over your face, and when you do it smells heavenly. There is something very glamorous about this face polish, and that's why it's the very first item I'm including on my Beauty Wishlist. In the meantime I'm using the 0.4 ounce sample sparingly.
Hi + Welcome! We're Natalie + Tip: coffee-loving, practical life + business coaches, passionate storytellers, curators + interior addicts.
Here is where we share our insights + resources for anyone wanting to take the leap to a happier, lighter home and life.
Submit the email address associated with your account, and we'll email you instructions for resetting your password.
We use cookies It's how we provide a great user experience. Continue browsing if you're ok with this.
I live in florida and considering a big move to start life over.Plus find a good job because I hear it’s expensive there.
I would say to look in the Queens area especially Flushing or Astoria. They are really nice areas and two of the cheapest places in NY to live. Another way to save money is if you get a smaller apartment. If you get a smaller apartment then you can rent a storage unit to put the rest of your things in. I did that when I first moved to the city and I saved a lot of money. I used http://www.storagedeluxe.com/ and I have never had a problem. I told a few of my friends and they love it there to. You would see soon that you would save more money renting a unit monthly then for rent for a bigger place. I hope this helps you out.
I am trying to hold a pleasure (passion) party but my apartment is to small for the number of guest I am trying to have. I live in New York and need somewhere to hold it. Any suggestions?
There’s many options you can try lounges, small restaurants sometimes are willing to rent out there space at night depending on how many guests your expecting maybe for compensation tell them to open the bar up and they can keep the money made at the bar. Independent coffee shops with nice areas they tend to close early and if it’s a private event they can work around not having a liquor license ( I believe) just maybe a 2 types of beers and few mixed drinks that are easy to make cheap to buy but I’m sure they’ll make a killing. Some buildings have party rooms you can rent fairl cheap. If it comes down to it ask a friend with a bigger apt. And hook her up with a few gifts or a few dollars.
my sister and i are thinking about moving to new york city to go to college and getting an apartment together. we need to know what minimum wage is and what the cost of living is
It’s actually rather expensive, although certain places are cheaper than others. My sister, who is twenty-three years old, lives in a small apartment in Brooklyn. Although I’ve never discussed rent, she says that it’s cheap for the most part, but still not a steal. If you’re looking to live in Manhattan, I say screw it; looking for a cheap apartment in Manhattan is a bit of a lost cause. You’re better off aiming for Queens and Brooklyn; they seem to have the cheapest apartments from what I have heard. Again, I’m no expert, as I live with my parents, and am not quite knowledgable on the home-hunting scene, but from what I have heard from my sister, Brooklyn and Queens seem to be the best deals.
Public transportation is cheap. One subway ride is $2.25, and I think it’s the same for buses — I don’t take the bus often, so I’m not quite sure. Taxis get you where you want to go quicker, but if you really want to save money, you would take the buses and trains where you want to go. It’s cheaper, and you can save a bundle if you don’t use your car as often as you would need to if you lived in a more suburban area without many train and bus stops.
1. What exactly is more expensive is cities like New york, Tokyo and Sydney? is it just the cost of properties and housing, or is it everything, like food, petrol, cars, clothing and all bills.
2. As a percentage how much more would you spend in a not so expensive city per year compared to a more expensive one?
Cities like NYC are HUGE, and prices vary greatly between more and less desirable locations within them. I used to live in NYC, at 56th and Madison. Now I live in Boston, which isn’t cheap, but much cheaper. My sister lives in Pittsburgh, a pretty good sized but very inexpensive city. I’ll try to answer based on my experiences:
1) EVERYTHING is more expensive. Gas, taxis, groceries, movie theater tickets, daycare, you name it. Car insurance in NYC is horrific. It makes sense that if retailers are paying a premium to rent their space and for their worker’s salaries, they have to charge more for their goods.
2) Between the nicer areas in NYC and someplace like Pittsburgh, where my sister lives, you could easily. Literally spend 4-6 times as much on a similar apartment. Food can be maybe 40-70% more expensive, depending on what it is. Movie tickets in NYC are twice the price of Pittsburgh. It really depends on how you live as to how much more percentage wise you’d spend.
3) I didn’t find it harder to find a good job. There is just so much available at any given time in a city that big! Sure, there’s more competition, but there are also more jobs.
Anyone have some good suggestions on areas to live in and how I can find an apartment that is priced relatively well? I don’t need to be in the misdst of all the hubub. I would prefer suggestions on the southside of DC since my husband will be stationed on Bolling AFB.
I grew up on that side of town. Please trust me when I say that it is NOT a nice area and despite claims that you may see online of gentrification/urban renewal…Anacostia and the surrounding areas has not changed much. I don’t know where you are moving from, but if you are not coming from a major city e.g. New York, then I would suggest a suburban area to start. If not, you will be in for a huge shock. I’ve included a link to the DC crime data statistics. That part of town is the Seventh District, so be sure to click on that one.
In this city, you get what you pay for. The person before me was right…the further away from the city, the cheaper the rent. The problem is the commute. From Springfield,VA to Anacostia trainstation is about an hour commute not including the time it takes to transfer to a bus. Driving is out of the question. Unless he leaves early (and by early I mean before 5AM) it can take him anywhere from an hour to three depending on traffic. It gets crazy here. I would really suggest that if you aren’t used to “urban” environments that you move somewhere along a trainline maybe Rockville MD (its pretty nice) but expect to pay a minimum of 1300 a month for a one bedroom. Anything within the city in a less crime ridden area will cost you 1400 and up.
To answer your question though (I know you didn’t ask for advice on crime) you can get an apartment on that side of town for about 700 a month. Again, you are getting what you pay for.
It is soooooooooooooooooooo expensive there. I was curious to how the rent was for the 5 boroughs. My god its outrageous. $1500.00 a month for a one bedroom apartment thats a mortgage for a 4 bedroom house in chicago. the only apartment complex i found reasonable was this place called Parkchester in the bronx. It was $800.00 a month for a one bedroom with all utilites included.
I moved here about a year ago from Massachusetts. When I first moved here I had total “sticker shock”. I traded a 2 bedroom, 2 bath condo for a studio apartment. It’s a nice studio in a good neighborhood — but still! But your mind generally wraps itself around the idea of spending more on your rent than your out-of-state friends pay on their mortgage, car, cable, telephone and utilities together. You just adapt to the cost. I still go out to dinner and drinks, but I also take advantage of cheap/no cost activities: going to Central Park, running in Riverside Park, head to the Met Museum (I bought a membership for $75 and it is a great place to go when you are bored and broke — just go after 5 p.m. On the weekend), walk around some of the great neighborhoods, wander the stacks in the Strand Bookstore, etc. It is really a great place to live b/c there is always something to do. Plus, my transportation expenses are totally low now that I don’t own a car and primarily use the subway (see, some savings!). With that said, I can’t imagine living here and making under $70,000 and I’ll have to move to buy a house. I can’t stomach spending $300K-$600K on a STUDIO.
I am hoping that another $1,000 would pay for my monthly necessities. (Water, heat, AC, tv, phone, food etc.)
Your rent or mortgage payment shouldn’t be more than 35% of your net pay. You need to earn more or get a cheaper place.
Douglas opened his first restaurant, Dahlia Lounge back in 1989. Since then, he has continuously owned and operated some of the city’s favorite eating spots like Etta’s, Lola, Palace Kitchen, and one of our new breakfast favorites, Serious Biscuit.
Add to the restaurant business a weekly radio show, an organic farm, a catering company, a line of seasoning products, and a lot of volunteering to feed the homeless. Oh, and a wife and family, too!
Plus, Douglas is an amazing chef who knows how to cook with local Northwest ingredients. In 2005, Douglas competed against Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto, using the secret ingredient Alaskan salmon, and won, defeating Morimoto for only the second time in the show’s history.
In case you can’t get to Seattle to try one of Tom Douglas’ restaurants, here’s a chance for you to cook some of his favorites at home. Just enter our Taste of Seattle August Giveaway!
Where do you live? Who is your favorite hometown culinary hero OR where is your favorite place to eat out?
Hi, PK – Just saw your post and wanted to make sure you knew that this contest was from last August. 🙁 Our August 2013 contest will post on August 26th!
Someone essentially assist to make significantly articles I’d state. This is the first time I frequented your website page and thus far? I surprised with the research you made to make this actual publish incredible. Fantastic job!
[…] you to everyone who entered our August giveaway #2 – A Taste of Seattle Giveaway. As always, we choose a winner randomly from all of the entries. Congratulations to the contest […]
I live in Wichita, Kansas – a hot spot for Mediterrean and authentic Mexican food. Bella Luna is my fave Med place, and Garcia’s Tacos is my favorite Mex joint.
[…] I need to take a break from our Harvest theme to tell you about Ana’s Rainbow Birthday Cake (but don’t forget to enter our latest giveaway!) […]
I live right outside of Augusta GA and my favorite hometown cook is Vera Bradley, no not the one who does fabric. Our Vera is a cook and has been catering for the Augusta Masters for years, recently the local network put her cooking show on TV The Very Vera Show and had a wonderful recipe for a pineapple pie my husband loves.
Theresa- thanks for entering our contest! Pineapple pie sounds delicious and refreshing. Grandma Dorothy made a pie called Chess Pie with pineapple. I wonder if that’s the same thing?
1. I live in Winthrop, WA. Not many restaurants here, and my wife, Helen, is a superb cook. Also, we are retired and spend most of our days tending our yard and garden (we eat home-grown veggies almost every evening).
2. We don’t eat out much, except on shopping or doctor visits to Wenatchee, about an hours’ drive from here. On those visits we do eat out — usually at McDonald’s!! I love the chicken sandwich on the dollar menu. I order it with a dollar senior beverage (Diet Coke). When I’m really treating myself, I add fries. That’s how these seniors roll! It’s tasty, filling, and cheap.
As we spend most of our time at home doing yard and garden tending, we get enough exercize, so don’t worry about fast food calories! Thanks for asking.
Hi, Jim – Thanks for entering our contest! McDonalds is affordable, but if you ever feel like splurging, just out of Wenatchee on the way to Leavenworth is the Anjou Bakery… totally worth a few extra miles for a terrific sandwich. Give it a try and let us know what you think!
Well, there are NO culinary heros from Puyallup, as far as I know, but our favorite place to eat, if we’re truly stuck local, is Crocketts in downtown Puyallup.
Hi, Kitty! Thanks for entering our giveaway contest. I agree with you about Szechuan Noodle Bowl… those spinach dumplings are amazing! Thanks for reminding us about that place. 🙂
Home is Seattle. We are fickle with restaurants… always changing our ‘favorite’ based on season, bad (or good) experience, etc. But, two standouts (I can’t choose one)… Copperleaf Restaurant at Cedarbrook Lodge (in SeaTac, of all places!). Great service, lovely pond and garden, yummy fresh food, and hard to believe you are right near the airport. Meriwether’s in Portland is outstanding. Old farmhouse located in a somewhat industrial area with gorgeous patio dining, cool old building, and fabulous food. They also have their own farm in the outskirts of Portland. Planning on a trip there in September!
I am a Seattleite who is now an expat in southern Spain. My favorite place to eat out back home is The Continental in the U-District. It’s no-frills, authentic Greek food owned by a lovely Greek family (one of whom was my professor at UW!) I always go there when I’m back for a visit–their lentils and saganaki are to die for!
Hi, Christine! I’m glad you found us and thanks for entering our giveaway. Some of the best food I have ever eaten was on a trip to southern Spain. All of that incredible jamón and fresh fish… yum.
I live in Tustin, CA and one my favorite places to dine is Roma D’Italia, which is a neighborhood Italian restaurant. The food is great and the atmosphere is authentic!
I’m from the western suburbs of Chicago, and my favorite place to eat out is actually right around the corner by my house. It’s a small Mexican place, hardly a restaurant, with cheap and delicious tacos.
I live on the Olympic Peninsula and love the Alderwood Bistro. Such a great place to eat and delicious local ingredients are used.
Hi, Leslie – I just found Alderwood Bistro’s website and it looks wonderful. Thanks for sharing your favorite with us!
Hi, Kathy – Thanks for entering our contest! I agree with you about Salty’s. The Alki location is one of my favorite places to take our out of town guests. The view of downtown Seattle is amazing and the happy hour bar is SO good!
westminster md, no favorite local places actually as i’m a vegetarian & not much in local veggie fare around here.
We live in St. Louis, Missouri. With three little ones, we don’t get to visit the city foodie scene often. . .luckily we have a great Italian /pizza place very near our house. They even wrote a birthday message to me on one of their giant yummy pizzas, since we order from there so much! Thanks for another fun giveaway!
i live in aberdeen. we don’t eat out much, but i have several wonderful friends that are exceptional cooks/chefs and i love swapping ideas with them. i am a canner and work quite diligently to put up as much local bounty as i can afford for later yummy meals, snacks, etc
My favorite 2 places to eat out are in Portland: A restaurant by chef Higgins, he cooks only local ingredients and McCormick and Schmits, I love them both even though they are quite different!
I live in West Seattle, Washington. My favorite culinary hero is, of course, the iconic Tom Douglas! Depending on which of Tom’s restaurants, I love that when you make reservations Tom will still pick up the phone to take your reservation! Breakfasts at Etta’s are the very best. And the yukon gold, rosemary and peccorino pizza had me at hello! A local favorite is LaRustica on Beach Drive S.W.
Thanks for sharing, Lynn! Joy and I both live in West Seattle, too! LaRustica is a hidden gem, in my opinion. I have a special love for that kitchen, because MANY years ago I was the day chef there when it was a place called Dulces Latin Bistro. I learned how to make some pretty amazing desserts there, thanks to the owner, Julie. Now, LaRustica is one of our very favorite places to eat in West Seattle.
OK as a Seattlite for nearly all of my life, I have to say I have a special place in my heart for Tom Douglas, he is indeed a home town culinary hero. Special memory – the Dahlia Lounge circa (early) 2002 indulging in fine cocktails in the bar and moving on to appy’s on a BLIND date with my now husband. From there Dahlia has been a go-to for bday events and anniversaries and date nights. The crab cakes here are a favorite but love most the “plate diversity” –the diverse flavors, colors and textures within the entree that one would never organically arrive at as a lay person. Have dined at all his venues but Serious Biscuit – -now I have to make a date to do this in the very near future!
I live in Los Angeles, just moved here. One of my favorite culinary hero’s is Kevin Bechtel, as I had worked with him over the last 12 years, I had the opportunity to learn and see his creativity and passion towards great foods. I have two absolute favorite eating spots – Cafe Mingo in Portland OR, best Italian in town, very authentic & great Italian wine!! I’m from Vancouver BC – favorite is Joe Fortes downtown . Always a great meal, seafood is outstanding and the best ambiance!
Char~ I hope you’re settling into LA, but I’m sad you’ve moved even further away from us ;( Please tell Kevin a big hello from me (and share the link to our blog) since I’ve always enjoyed his creativity, as well, but I’ve lost touch with him.
I live in the small town of Clover, SC and one of the best things about it is the hushpuppies & barbeque at Courtney’s, followed by a workout at the local Curves! 🙂
Marie, I am so impressed that you go to Curves AFTER you eat hushpuppies! That’s what I call discipline. I could never do that. Thanks for entering this contest! 🙂
I know this may sound weird but I am a Seattle food truck fan… and my favorite food truck is Here and There.. their jerk chicken tacos are to die for! If it has to be a sit down restaurant then it’s gonna be Portalis in Ballard.. her chorizo clams rock!
Mary and Joy are two long-time friends and foodies from West Seattle who share their love of cooking on A Passionate Plate!
D'Artagnan was so completely bewildered that without taking any heed of what might become of Kitty he ran at full speed across half Paris, and did not stop till he came to Athos's door. The confusion of his mind, the terror which spurred him on, the cries of some of the patrol who started in pursuit of him, and the hooting of the people who, notwithstanding the early hour, were going to their work, only made him precipitate his course.
He crossed the court, ran up the two flights to Athos's apartment, and knocked at the door enough to break it down.
Grimaud came, rubbing his half-open eyes, to answer this noisy summons, and D'Artagnan sprang with such violence into the room as nearly to overturn the astonished lackey.
D'Artagnan threw off his hood, and disengaged his hands from the folds of the cloak. At sight of the mustaches and the naked sword, the poor devil perceived he had to deal with a man. He then concluded it must be an assassin.
"Hold your tongue, you stupid fellow!" said the young man; "I am D'Artagnan; don't you know me? Where is your master?"
"Grimaud," said Athos, coming out of his apartment in a dressing gown, "Grimaud, I thought I heard you permitting yourself to speak?"
Athos recognized his comrade, and phlegmatic as he was, he burst into a laugh which was quite excused by the strange masquerade before his eyes--petticoats falling over his shoes, sleeves tucked up, and mustaches stiff with agitation.
"Don't laugh, my friend!" cried D'Artagnan; "for heaven's sake, don't laugh, for upon my soul, it's no laughing matter!"
And he pronounced these words with such a solemn air and with such a real appearance of terror, that Athos eagerly seized his hand, crying, "Are you wounded, my friend? How pale you are!"
"Come, speak!" said the latter, closing the door and bolting it, that they might not be disturbed. "Is the king dead? Have you killed the cardinal? You are quite upset! Come, come, tell me; I am dying with curiosity and uneasiness!"
"Athos," said D'Artagnan, getting rid of his female garments, and appearing in his shirt, "prepare yourself to hear an incredible, an unheard-of story."
D'Artagnan donned the robe as quickly as he could, mistaking one sleeve for the other, so greatly was he still agitated.
"Well," replied D'Artagnan, bending his mouth to Athos's ear, and lowering his voice, "Milady is marked with a FLEUR-DE-LIS upon her shoulder!"
"The FLEUR-DE-LIS is small, rosy in color, and looks as if efforts had been made to efface it by the application of poultices?"
"Beware, Athos, beware. You tried to kill her; she is a woman to return you the like, and not to fail."
"A tigress, a panther! Ah, my dear Athos, I am greatly afraid I have drawn a terrible vengeance on both of us!"
"You are right; and upon my soul, I would give my life for a hair," said Athos. "Fortunately, the day after tomorrow we leave Paris. We are going according to all probability to La Rochelle, and once gone--"
"She will follow you to the end of the world, Athos, if she recognizes you. Let her, then, exhaust her vengeance on me alone!"
"My dear friend, of what consequence is it if she kills me?" said Athos. "Do you, perchance, think I set any great store by life?"
"There is something horribly mysterious under all this, Athos; this woman is one of the cardinal's spies, I am sure of that."
"In that case, take care! If the cardinal does not hold you in high admiration for the affair of London, he entertains a great hatred for you; but as, considering everything, he cannot accuse you openly, and as hatred must be satisfied, particularly when it's a cardinal's hatred, take care of yourself. If you go out, do not go out alone; when you eat, use every precaution. Mistrust everything, in short, even your own shadow."
"Fortunately," said D'Artagnan, "all this will be only necessary till after tomorrow evening, for when once with the army, we shall have, I hope, only men to dread."
"In the meantime," said Athos, "I renounce my plan of seclusion, and wherever you go, I will go with you. You must return to the Rue des Fossoyeurs; I will accompany you."
Athos made him a sign to go to D'Artagnan's residence, and bring back some clothes. Grimaud replied by another sign that be understood perfectly, and set off.
"All this will not advance your outfit," said Athos; "for if I am not mistaken, you have left the best of your apparel with Milady, and she will certainly not have the politeness to return it to you. Fortunately, you have the sapphire."
"Yes, my grandfather gave two thousand crowns for it, as he once told me. It formed part of the nuptial present he made his wife, and it is magnificent. My mother gave it to me, and I, fool as I was, instead of keeping the ring as a holy relic, gave it to this wretch."
"I take back the ring, after it has passed through the hands of that infamous creature Never; that ring is defiled, D'Artagnan.
"Pledge it, then; you can borrow at least a thousand crowns on it. With that sum you can extricate yourself from your present difficulties; and when you are full of money again, you can redeem it, and take it back cleansed from its ancient stains, as it will have passed through the hands of usurers."
"You are a capital companion, D'Artagnan," said be; "your never-failing cheerfulness raises poor souls in affliction. Well, let us pledge the ring, but upon one condition."
"Don't dream it, Athos. I don't need the quarter of such a sum--I who am still only in the Guards--and by selling my saddles, I shall procure it. What do I want? A horse for Planchet, that's all. Besides, you forget that I have a ring likewise."
"Yes, for in any extreme circumstance it might not only extricate us from some great embarrassment, but even a great danger. It is not only a valuable diamond, but it is an enchanted talisman."
"I don't at all understand you, but I believe all you say to be true. Let us return to my ring, or rather to yours. You shall take half the sum that will be advanced upon it, or I will throw it into the Seine; and I doubt, as was the case with Polycrates, whether any fish will be sufficiently complaisant to bring it back to us."
At this moment Grimaud returned, accompanied by Planchet; the latter, anxious about his master and curious to know what had happened to him, had taken advantage of the opportunity and brought the garments himself.
D'Artagnan dressed himself, and Athos did the same. When the two were ready to go out, the latter made Grimaud the sign of a man taking aim, and the lackey immediately took down his musketoon, and prepared to follow his master.
They arrived without accident at the Rue des Fossoyeurs. Bonacieux was standing at the door, and looked at D'Artagnan hatefully.
"Make haste, dear lodger," said he; "there is a very pretty girl waiting for you upstairs; and you know women don't like to be kept waiting."
Sure enough! Upon the landing leading to the chamber, and crouching against the door, he found the poor girl, all in a tremble. As soon as she perceived him, she cried, "You have promised your protection; you have promised to save me from her anger. Remember, it is you who have ruined me!"
"Yes, yes, to be sure, Kitty," said D'Artagnan; "be at ease, my girl. But what happened after my departure?"
"How can I tell!" said Kitty. "The lackeys were brought by the cries she made. She was mad with passion. There exist no imprecations she did not pour out against you. Then I thought she would remember it was through my chamber you had penetrated hers, and that then she would suppose I was your accomplice; so I took what little money I had and the best of my things, and I got away.
"No; but you can place me in one of the provinces with some lady of your acquaintance--in your own country, for instance."
"My dear little love! In my country the ladies do without chambermaids. But stop! I can manage your business for you. Planchet, go and find Aramis. Request him to come here directly. We have something very important to say to him."
"Oh, Porthos's duchess is dressed by her husband's clerks," said D'Artagnan, laughing. "Besides, Kitty would not like to live in the Rue aux Ours. Isn't it so, Kitty?"
"I do not care where I live," said Kitty, "provided I am well concealed, and nobody knows where I am."
"And I, also," said D'Artagnan, "I also. I shall always love you; be sure of that. But now answer me. I attach great importance to the question I am about to put to you. Did you never hear talk of a young woman who was carried off one night?"
"I?" cried Athos, with an accent like that of a man who perceives he is about to tread upon an adder.
"You, to be sure!" said D'Artagnan, pressing Athos's hand. "You know the interest we both take in this poor little Madame Bonacieux. Besides, Kitty will tell nothing; will you, Kitty? You understand, my dear girl," continued D'Artagnan, "she is the wife of that frightful baboon you saw at the door as you came in."
"My dear Athos, we are enveloped in a network of spies. And do you believe he knew you again, Kitty?"
The matter was all explained to him, and the friends gave him to understand that among all his high connections he must find a place for Kitty.
Aramis reflected for a minute, and then said, coloring, "Will it be really rendering you a service, D'Artagnan?"
"Very well. Madame de Bois-Tracy asked me, for one of her friends who resides in the provinces, I believe, for a trustworthy maid. If you can, my dear D'Artagnan, answer for Mademoiselle-"
"Oh, monsieur, be assured that I shall be entirely devoted to the person who will give me the means of quitting Paris."
He placed himself at the table and wrote a little note which he sealed with a ring, and gave the billet to Kitty.
"And now, my dear girl," said D'Artagnan, "you know that it is not good for any of us to be here. Therefore let us separate. We shall meet again in better days."
"And whenever we find each other, in whatever place it may be," said Kitty, "you will find me loving you as I love you today."
An instant afterward the three young men separated, agreeing to meet again at four o'clock with Athos, and leaving Planchet to guard the house.
As the Gascon had foreseen, they easily obtained three hundred pistoles on the ring. Still further, the Jew told them that if they would sell it to him, as it would make a magnificent pendant for earrings, he would give five hundred pistoles for it.
Athos and D'Artagnan, with the activity of two soldiers and the knowledge of two connoisseurs, hardly required three hours to purchase the entire equipment of the Musketeer. Besides, Athos was very easy, and a noble to his fingers' ends. When a thing suited him he paid the price demanded, without thinking to ask for any abatement. D'Artagnan would have remonstrated at this; but Athos put his hand upon his shoulder, with a smile, and D'Artagnan understood that it was all very well for such a little Gascon gentleman as himself to drive a bargain, but not for a man who had the bearing of a prince. The Musketeer met with a superb Andalusian horse, black as jet, nostrils of fire, legs clean and elegant, rising six years. He examined him, and found him sound and without blemish. They asked a thousand livres for him.
He might perhaps have been bought for less; but while D'Artagnan was discussing the price with the dealer, Athos was counting out the money on the table.
But when the saddle and arms for Grimaud were purchased, Athos had not a son left of his hundred and fifty pistoles. D'Artagnan offered his friend a part of his share which he should return when convenient.
"That is to say, two hundred more--a hundred pistoles for you and a hundred pistoles for me. Well, now, that would be a real fortune to us, my friend; let us go back to the Jew's again."
"This ring would certainly only recall very bitter remembrances; then we shall never be masters of three hundred pistoles to redeem it, so that we really should lose two hundred pistoles by the bargain. Go and tell him the ring is his, D'Artagnan, and bring back the two hundred pistoles with you."
"Ready money is needful for the present time, and we must learn how to make sacrifices. Go, D'Artagnan, go; Grimaud will accompany you with his musketoon."
A half hour afterward, D'Artagnan returned with the two thousand livres, and without having met with any accident.
Dressed in black-rimmed glasses, suit trousers, Wang Chaoyong, the School alumni of 1980 session, gave a lesson to graduates of School of Management. This could be regarded as the best graduation gift for them to grasp the lifeline of the time. Wang talked about six points, namely, supporting innovative entrepreneurial dream, establish life dreams, distinguishing the difference between long-term and short-term choices, finding own strengths, emphasizing on human factors and seeking for investment opportunities in innovation and entrepreneurship.
He also expressed that graduates would soon go to work that they had chosen, a much more ambitious long-term goal should also be set. Years of investment career make Wang calmer, and what he wanted to share with students was the success of insight from other successful entrepreneurs to see some regularities.
Wang Chaoyong, male, graduated from Central China University of Technology in 1984. From 1984 to 1985, studied as a postgraduate student in Management School of Tsinghua University. In 1985, he came to study in the United States and obtained a MBA degree from Rutgers University.
Wang spent his entire career in finance. After business school, he worked for an investment bank and rating service in New York City. As one of the founders of the investment bank business of Morgan Stanley in China, Wang has directly participated in and presided over overseas financing business for Ministry of Finance, Bank of China, China Oriental Airlines Incorporated, Shanghai Properties, Beijing Datang Power Generation Corporation, Beijing Enterprise Holdings Ltd., totaling several billion US dollars.
Since 1999 Wang has been fully responsible for investment and investment bank affairs of China Equity Group Inc. The company has invested in the fields of science and technology, media and financial services. It has also collected several hundred million US dollars for a dozen Chinese enterprises. In 2000 and 2001, Wang was rated as one of the 20 most active venture investors in China, and China Equity Group was also listed as one of the top ten local venture investment companies in China.
Pankit Desai is the Co-founder & CEO of Sequretek, a Mumbai based cyber-security start-up, launched in 2013. He is veteran of IT industry with career spanning over two decades with experience in Executive. Management, Sales, Business Operations and Global Delivery. Prior to Sequretek, he was with Rolta as the President of Business Operations. He has also served in senior leadership capacity with NTT Data Inc, Intelligroup, Wipro and IBM India. He has ability to manage and grow Global Business Unit with P&L responsibilities, build and manage service lines. Pankit has diversify business operations and create an organization that has a multi-dimensional growth. Understanding of business support functions Financial Planning and Analysis, Recruitment and Operations, Internal IT, Quality, Marketing and Alliance. He comes from a middle-class family. His farther is a government employee and mother is a school teacher. Pankit has spent a large part of his childhood in Ahmedabad. Post his schoolhe has stayed in multiple cities in India and around the world depending on his education and job – Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Chicago, Phoenix, San Diego and New Jersey. He has finally found a home back in Mumbai with his dream of buildingSequretek, which he co-founded with AnandNaik, with an aim to provide enterprise clients end-to-end cyber security solutions.
An extension to the Sand Dollar Village neighborhood was built in phases, but residents say the back entrance for construction vehicles is being ignored, and the large traffic volume is creating a safety hazard.
After 27 years of New Jersey law enforcement and traffic operations, Yeager created his own traffic study. From his own porch, he watched traffic each morning for 30 days. Between 7 and 8 a.m., Yeager said, an average of 18 construction vehicles arrived, with only two using the back entrance.
He measured a 100-foot section of Huntington Street and used a stopwatch to clock the vehicles’ time. Yeager said some the trucks averaged 34 mph, with one truck hitting 47 mph.
“We understand before they got everything connected, there would be some construction trucks,” said resident Sally Griffin.
But “when the last home took occupancy in Phase I … construction vehicles stuck out like a sore thumb” because they never switched to the service road, Yeager said.
When he visited the construction office of homebuilder Christopher Companies, Yeager said the on-site construction representative said, “Well, I guess you could say we got used to it … got lazy.”
Yeager has also picked up construction debris from his yard and cigarettes that he’s seen drivers throw out the window. He has lived in Millville By the Sea for one year.
Huntington resident Paul DuCott said he has approached construction managers a “ridiculous amount of times” and heard that trucks can carry nearly 40 tons of material, which will not stop quickly in a collision.
“There is a tragedy waiting to happen,” Yeager said. “I can pick up cigarette butts. I can pick up debris. I don’t want to pick up a body.”
The Millville Planning & Zoning Commission approved the preliminary site plan for the community in June of 2012, with the condition that a construction entrance would be used. The residents had also requested a construction entrance, which Miller & Smith’s Chuck Ellison said had been requested from Sussex County.
According to town council meeting minutes, the final site plan was approved in February of 2013, stating, “Ellison stated Miller & Smith would be bringing traffic in behind the existing homes, allowing Miller & Smith to construct most of the new homes and minimize the impact of construction traffic to existing residents. … Ellison stated condition No. 1 had been fulfilled.”
Despite hearing promises that the situation would be resolved, this week DuCott called the response mere “lip-service. We’ve gotten no response.”
When Griffin logged the date and time of each truck passing, Miller & Smith asked her to write the truck identification numbers, too. She said she couldn’t copy a seven-digit number from a truck passing at 30 mph.
Mayor Gerald “Gerry” Hocker Jr. thanked the citizens for providing detailed notes. Between the Town’s “good relationship” with the developer and a skilled code enforcer, Hocker said, Town Hall can follow-up on the situation.
“I’ve seen injuries and deaths. I don’t want to see any more. That’s why I retired and moved here,” Yeager said.
The Coastal Point is a local newspaper published each Friday and distributed in the Bethany Beach, South Bethany, Fenwick Island, Ocean View, Millville, Dagsboro, Frankford, Selbyville, Millsboro, Long Neck and Georgetown, Delaware areas...
Thank you for your interest in advertising with the Coastal Point. We offer a wide variety of advertising options for your business. Along with our weekly newspaper, we produce a variety of other publications, both online and in print...
Property Type Apartments	Villas & Houses	Commercial	Country Homes	Holiday Villas	Hotels	Land	Sold By Us
A national park in our backyard.Just over an hour's sailing from Mallorca, stands this spot that boasts a considerable wealth…
Category: News Simply Incomparable,St Regis, Mallorca St.Regis not only attracted the Rolling stones, its luxurious atmosphere…
Please note that Coastal Properties will use the above details to contact you only. By submitting this form,
you confirm that you agree to our website terms of use, our privacy policy and consent to cookies being
Alle KategorienDruckknöpfeElastic NähgarneFashion Zipper - KinderGlühbirnenKarabinerhakenKnöpfeMakierwerkzeugeMaßbänder und LinialeNadelkissenNähmaschinennadelnNähmaschinennadelnNähnadelnNahtband 15mm - 40mmNietenÖsenPaillettenbänderSatinbänderScheren - RollschneiderSchrägband (Baumwolle-Satin)SicherheitsnadelnSonstige BänderSonstiges ZubehörSpulenStecknadelnStoßbänder (meter Ware)Textile BänderVerschlüsseZangen
As Republican notables denounce or distance themselves from Donald Trump in the wake of his latest controversy, the world watches and asks, “Why now?”
Put another way: Why is this incident different? What is it about this latest evidence of Trump’s nature and views that’s truly more unacceptable than all the preceding information on the subject? How can the Republican nominee, who has been his party’s front-runner for nearly a year, suddenly be regarded as utterly beyond the pale?
Blame the substance, the tape, the timing or the “tipping point,” but the surge of Republican desertions happened because Trump’s offense hit them where they live — both personally and politically.
Questions about “why now” have already prompted an array of responses. We all know about the straw that broke the camel’s back; but this particular camel’s back has proved remarkably durable. Most of us want more of an explanation than this.
Some point to the power of videotape. Released Friday by the Washington Post, the 2005 tape shows Trump telling TV host Billy Bush how he tried to seduce Bush’s Access Hollywood co-host — and bragging in the crudest language about other sexual forays. If you have not heard or seen it, there is little point in further discussion. If you have, you are altered by it. This is not just another gotcha report, another media yarn. It becomes part of everyone’s own lived experience of Trump.
Others note the distinction between mere words about sex and the nature of the deeds in question. Although Trump is bragging about his behavior, the aggressive sexual encounters he describes amount to a level of sexual assault. In many states, they could be punishable with imprisonment. For many Republican officials and other notables, this is not a tipping point but a breaking point.
There is also the matter of timing. The audio came out just days before Sunday’s pivotal debate between Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton at Washington University in St. Louis.
Even before the Friday night release of the videotape, this second in the series of three debates was regarded as crucial for Trump. While he disputes the notion, scientific polls and commentators have been nearly unanimous in saying he did poorly in the first debate on Sept. 27. That event and the events of the following 10 days restored Clinton’s clear lead in the average of national polls and in the swing states. The emergence of this tape at this time could scarcely be more portentous.
All these explanations have some validity, but they do not tell the whole story. It’s also about politics and empathy.
In offices, schools and homes all over the country, women seeing the videotape gasped, jumped, cried out, lost their composure. It seemed to matter on a level all its own.
But there is a cooler calculation involved here as well. And it is important to note. Others Trump may have offended in the past have tended to be voting groups where he has had little appeal. They are not especially fertile fields for Republican politicking. Even when Trump has gone to black churches or “reached out” to minorities, the gesture has been seen primarily as an appeal to someone other than those minorities themselves.
The real object of the outreach has been the swing votes of white moderates, especially the highly prized demographic of white non-Hispanic women in childbearing and child-rearing years. They were first called “soccer moms” in the 1990s, then “security moms” in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of 2001. They have often been called “working moms,” too, whether they had jobs outside the home or not.
They were seen as crucial to the popular-vote victories of Bill Clinton and Al Gore, then to the re-election of George W. Bush in 2004. They were a key for Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012. In the current election cycle, the shorthand for their bloc has shifted to “suburban white women.” But whatever they are called, Trump needs them desperately.
Trump’s rock-bottom numbers among nonwhite voters mean he must do better among white voters than Mitt Romney did in 2012 (59 percent according to exit polls). Trump may need 65 percent or more of the white vote to win. He does better than that among white men, but he needs to break even (at least) among white women.
Right now, younger white women are trending to Clinton, their older counterparts to Trump. The battle is in the middle.
It is Trump’s battle for this election in this moment. But it is the Republican Party’s battle for every other office this fall and every election hereafter.
That is why more Republican senators came out against Trump in the last 48 hours than in the six months since he became their party’s standard-bearer. Not just female senators, such as Deb Fischer in Nebraska and Lisa Murkowski in Alaska, but several of the men who had been holding out as well.
Principal among them was John McCain, seeking a sixth term in the Senate at age 80. McCain was personally insulted by Trump in the summer of 2015, yet had maintained a strained neutrality toward him ever since. Despite all the slings and arrows of this campaign year, McCain refused to say he wouldn’t vote for Trump.
On Saturday, he did so. He knows perfectly well it will cost him some votes next month among Trump supporters. But he also knows his party has been alienating Hispanics (30 percent of Arizona’s population) and cannot afford to add more Anglo women to the list.
Trump knows that getting personal is an effective political tactic. When he wanted to hammer home his anti-immigration message, he brought onstage parents of people killed by immigrants in the country illegally. They put a human face on the anger he expressed when he promised to “build the wall.”
But getting personal has also gotten him in a lot of trouble. Trump’s Muslim ban alarmed some of his fellow Republicans, but he drew some of his sharpest rebukes when he feuded with the Khan family. Trump’s rhetoric had already upset many Hispanic voters, but Paul Ryan called it “racist” when Trump said that Judge Gonzalo Curiel couldn’t be an impartial judge because he was of Hispanic heritage. There was always evidence of Trump objectifying women in the past, but people took extra notice when he specifically referred to Megyn Kelly, saying there was “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever,” as well as when they were reminded of his past comments about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado’s weight.
What may have happened this time is that it got too personal. True, Trump didn’t list the names of women he seemed to be bragging about kissing and grabbing. However, he seemed to be talking about personally violating other living, breathing people with his own hands — something that goes beyond words or policies potentially affecting someone.
(And while it may have been “locker room talk,” as his campaign put it, and we can’t be sure he has acted on those words, women have come forward alleging that he did these exact things — one beauty pageant contestant says he kissed her unwantedly, and a former business partner said he touched her crotch, again unwantedly.)
And this seems to be turning many top Republicans away from him, as evidenced by the fact that many Republicans’ statements denouncing him mention mothers and sisters and daughters. Suddenly, Trump’s words became hyperreal, and people imagined themselves or the women they knew being groped.
There’s potentially something to be gleaned here from the famous trolley thought experiment, in which a trolley is hurtling towards five people on the tracks, but has the option of diverting onto a separate track on which there is only one person. Given the choice to pull a lever and divert the trolley, killing that one person, many people say yes.
However, there is a different variant, in which the only way to stop the trolley is to push a large man in front of it. To many people who would pull the lever, this nevertheless feels wrong, even though it would make for the same body count.
To be clear, the analogy is not fully applicable; there’s no person on the tracks in the Trump situation. But the point is purely that once he crossed the barrier of talking about physically violating people, that is when his peers suddenly decided he had crossed a red line.
“This is the kind of action that typically provokes a strong emotional response, and for reasons similar to those at work in trolley dilemmas,” Joshua Greene, a Harvard professor of psychology who has studied how people answer the trolley problem, told NPR. According to him, there are four different reasons why people usually refuse to shove the man onto the tracks, and the kissing-and-grabbing scenario Trump described fulfilled all four.
“It’s an active, direct, specifically intended, bad thing” that Trump seemed to be bragging about doing, Greene said.
Then again, this may be overanalyzing a pretty simple truth, as Greene also noted: If indeed Trump has kissed and groped women unwantedly, his comments amounted to an admission of committing a violent crime.
Juanita Broaddrick, right, says she met Bill Clinton, center left, then attorney general of Arkansas, in 1978 at the nursing home where she worked in Van Buren, Ark. Getty Images hide caption
In the middle of a maelstrom of criticism over remarks where he boasted about sexual assault, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is trying to turn the tables on his opponent.
On Twitter Saturday, he repeatedly referenced and retweeted Juanita Broaddrick, a now 73-year-old retired nurse, who alleges former President Bill Clinton raped her nearly 40 years ago and Hillary Clinton helped him cover it up.
“Hillary calls Trump’s remarks ‘horrific’ while she lives with and protects a ‘Rapist,'” Broaddrick tweeted Saturday. “Her actions are horrific.”
Broaddrick’s story is not new. Her allegations first surfaced as Bill Clinton was running for president in 1992. But it wasn’t until 1999, and after recanting sworn testimony to the contrary, that Broaddrick went public. Now that she’s back in the news, here’s a brief rundown of Broaddrick’s story:
In interviews, Broaddrick said she first met Bill Clinton around 1978. She was 35 and Clinton, who was the Arkansas attorney general at the time, made a campaign stop at the nursing home where Broaddrick worked.
In interviews with the Washington Post, Broaddrick said Clinton encouraged her to call his campaign office when she was in Little Rock. She did that and she set up a coffee meeting with Clinton at her hotel. According to Broaddrick, Clinton told her there were too many reporters in the lobby of the hotel so they should have coffee in her room.
As she tells the story, they spent only a few minutes chatting by the window — Clinton pointed to an old jail he wanted to renovate if he became governor — before he began kissing her. She resisted his advances, she said, but soon he pulled her back onto the bed and forcibly had sex with her. She said she did not scream because everything happened so quickly. Her upper lip was bruised and swollen after the encounter because, she said, he had grabbed onto it with his mouth.
“The last thing he said to me was, ‘You better get some ice for that.’ And he put on his sunglasses and walked out the door,” she recalled.
Broaddrick was reluctant to tell her story. She declined opportunities to be interviewed for years and when investigators for Paula Jones, who also accused Clinton of sexual harassment, approached, she rebuffed them.
“During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies,” she said. “Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my family’s privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family.”
When Kenneth Starr was investigating Bill Clinton, in the late ’90s, he approached Broaddrick and offered her immunity. She told Buzzfeed in an August interview that’s when she decided it “was time to tell the full truth.”
In it, she explained that she had not come forward with the story because she worried that no one would believe her.
Broaddrick had no witnesses but a friend of hers told reporters Broaddrick told her about the assault at the time.
At the time, Bill Clinton’s lawyers denied the allegations. And, according to the Washington Post‘s account, Starr decided he would not need Broaddrick’s testimony because she told him that Clinton did not try to influence her.
As this election season came into full swing, Broaddrick’s story came back into the spotlight. And Broaddrick alleged that Hillary Clinton tried to intimidate her.
In an interview given to the right-wing website Breitbart, Broaddrick said that weeks after the alleged rape, she met Hillary Clinton at a fundraiser for Bill Clinton.
Hillary Clinton allegedly thanked her for “everything you are doing in Bill’s campaign.” As Broaddrick tells it, she tried to leave the event but Hillary Clinton grabbed her arm and told her, “Do you understand everything you do?”
The Clinton campaign has not specifically addressed Broaddrick’s story, but they have tried to discredit attempts to tie Hillary Clinton to Bill Clinton’s scandals.
Back in January, Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon told the New York Times that those were attempts to “draw Hillary Clinton into decades-old allegations through recent fabrications that are unsubstantiated.” He added that Clinton “has spent her whole life standing up for women, and charges to the contrary are grossly unfair and untrue.”
A Republican state representative told CNN she tried to get Clinton to address the Broaddrick allegations during a town hall in January. Clinton refused to take her question because she said Katherine Prudhomme was “very rude.”
Rosa Parks’ niece, Rhea McCauley, teamed up with artist Ryan Mendoza to move the civil rights icon’s Detroit home to Berlin in order to save it from demolition.
Hundreds of people were killed in Haiti after Hurricane Matthew ravaged the southwest part of the country. Survivors explained why they refused to evacuate.
In light of a recent rash of “creepy clown” sightings and incidents across the country, some working clowns say the controversy is negatively affecting their business.
Reacting to the recent release of audio of Donald Trump making vulgar comments about women, President Obama called the candidate “insecure” and said he “pumps himself up by putting other people down – not a character trait I would advise for somebody in the Oval Office.”
Obama spoke about Trump at a planned event Sunday in Chicago for Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth, who running for an Illinois Seante seat. Trump and Hillary Clinton debate tonight in St. Louis for the first time after the audio was released.
“One of the most disturbing things about this election is just the unbelievable rhetoric coming from the top of the Republican ticket,” he said. “I don’t need to repeat it. There are children in the room.”
“But, demeaning women, degrading women, but also minorities, immigrants, people of other faiths. Mocking the disabled. Insulting our troops. Insulting our veterans. That tells you a couple of things,” Obama continued.
In addition to revealing an insecurity, Obama said, “it tells you that he doesn’t care much about the basic values that we try to impart to our kids. It tells you he’d be careless with the civility and the respect that a real, vibrant democracy requires. And it sure as heck tells you he’s never met somebody as tough or smart or patriotic as Tammy Duckworth.”
Ahead of the second presidential debate Sunday night, the secret Donald Trump audio tape of him bragging about groping and kissing women — and let’s be clear, if he did what he’s bragging that he did, it would be assault — has shaken the presidential race and is reshaping the presidential map.
Yes, the majority of Trump’s supporters will likely stay with him, but any chance he had at winning over those persuadable voters might very well be gone.
Dozens of Republicans have called on him to drop out of the race — something Trump said there’s “zero chance” of happening, but it’s hard to see how that doesn’t have an effect on the race.
So, we are making some significant moves in the NPR Battleground Map. To begin with, we are moving Ohio, Iowa, Georgia and two electoral votes in congressional districts in Nebraska and Maine from Lean Republican, where they looked like they were heading last week, back to Tossup. We will be watching them and other tossups closely to see if they begin to lean toward Clinton.
What’s more, after both Utah Republican Sens. Mike Lee and Jason Chaffetz and the state’s governor, Gary Herbert, called on Trump to resign, we are moving Utah from Likely Republican to Lean Republican — and we will be watching it to see if it goes to tossup.
The result of this new map — at present — is taking 42 electoral votes off the board from Trump that that were leaning in his direction and puts them all up for grabs.
There could be more changes, too. Other places to watch, for example, include Missouri, which before 2008 was a battleground.
This is all especially possible if reports are true that the Republican National Committee is considering halting organizing operations for the Trump campaign and redirecting to Senate and House races. RNC Chief Strategist Sean Spicer, however, has been tweeting that reports of any abandonment of Trump by the national committee are “false.”
We won’t know for a week at least from polling how exactly all this sets in. How Trump performs Sunday night could either tamp down the flames — or, if Trump brings up Bill Clinton’s past infidelities and attacks Hillary Clinton for them, cause a backdraft never seen before in presidential politics.
elegant mirrors bathroom mirrors with shelves bathroom mirror with shelf bath mirror with shelf mirrors with shelves and hooks elegant oval bathroom mirrors.
Recent Acquisition: Marilyn Church’s Courtroom Drawings. A blog post at "Picture This: Library of Congress Prints & Photos" on 2011-09-01.Get this from a library! Marilyn Monroe. [Mailer, Norman.; Stern, Bert].View Mac Whalen’s profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Mac has 6 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and.[Twenty portraits of Marilyn Monroe from half of Andy Warhol's Marilyn Diptych]., 2011. [Photograph] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://www.loc.gov.
Before we begin, we have to point out that Videogum's "Best Viral Videos Of 2011" supercut is actually the best supercut of 2011. SORRY! Not to pat ourselves on.Tabitha Marilyn Mullican, 45, of Conway passed away December 12, 2011. Born in Little Rock, AR on J.
Tuesday, September 13 2011, Your time is 15:58:00. Marilyn by the pool: Previously unseen photos of Marilyn Monroe. DHA photo. Autoplay. Most Popular Galleries.My Week with Marilyn: In the early summer of 1956, 23 year-old Colin Clark (Eddie Redmayne), just down from Oxford and determined to make his.Marilyn Taylor examines the issues involved in putting the community at the heart of policy making, and considers the political and social implications of such a.
CREDIT: onstage during the 2011 MTV Movie Awards at Universal Studios' Gibson Amphitheatre on June 5, 2011 in Universal City, California.
526 records for Marilyn Hoffman. Find Marilyn Hoffman's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory.Filmed in a gritty 1970s style. Marilyn is based on a story written in Leavenworth Prison by Paddy Mitchell of the infamous. 20 December 2011 9:16 PM,.2011 CANDIDATE CAMPAIGN PERIOD RETURN CR-1 FINAL. LIB 073 Prince Edward-Hastings ONTARIO LIBERAL PARTY. CANDIDATE: Leona Dombrowsky.Sir Laurence Olivier is making a movie in London. Young Colin Clark, an eager film student, wants to be involved and he navigates himself a job on the set.Get this from a library! Marilyn Monroe: metamorphosis. [David Wills; Stephen Schmidt] -- A collection of pictures from Monroe's key photographers, chronicling her.
06/23/2011 Reported by Senator Leahy, Committee on the Judiciary, without printed report. 06/23/2011 Committee on the Judiciary. Ordered to be reported favorably.
Governing Food examines the current state of Canada’s food policies, laws, and regulations. It also discusses the implications for the Centre for Food in Canada in.
This 2011 work by sculptor Seward Johnson depicts Marilyn Monroe from a scene in the 1955 film "The Seven Year Itch". *UPDATE* This is a moving sculpture and no. Find marriage and divorce records for Marilyn Ohair. 1970-2010, Texas Divorce Index, 1968-2011, Texas Marriage Index, 1966-2011,. Death Records for Hong Loc.
To maximize your viewing experience of this digital magazine, we recommend installing Adobe Flash Player Plugin. This installation will only take a few moments. Should you experience any issues with installation, please contact your System Administrator.
Ganguro. envolves light-orange tan, white makeup, and blonde hair. Charachteristics Ganguro appeared as a new fashion style in Japan in the early 1990s and
People who use home health care in New Jersey following their hospital stays are less likely to be readmitted, saving the state�s health care system millions of dollars, according to a new study released by the Home Care and Hospice Association of New Jersey.
In fact, patients who receive in-home services are 30% less likely to return to the hospital , according to the findings�a figure that further decreases when the patient in question has multiple chronic conditions.
The study, conducted by the Quality Insights Quality Innovation Network as contracted by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), sought to determine the effectiveness of home health care services in preventing a 30-day hospital readmission after an inpatient hospital discharge. It included Medicare fee-for-service claims among New Jersey beneficiaries who had been discharged from a New Jersey hospital in 2014.
Among those referred for care, 71.76% ended up receiving the services, while 28.23% chose not to utilize home health. The 30-day hospital readmission rate among beneficiaries who opted into home health care were lower than those who didn�t, according to the study, at 17.2% as compared to 24.5%.
�Considering that the 30-day readmission rate among individuals who were referred for home health services but did not receive them was 7.3% greater than the rate among those who were referred for home health services and did receive them, it is possible that at least [$6.9 million] could have been saved if this population would have utilized the home health services for which they were referred,� the report states.
The study comes after New Jersey learned last year that it had the highest percentage of hospitals penalized by CMS for not reducing high readmission rates of Medicare fee-for-service patients within 30 days of their initial discharge, New Jersey radio station 101.5 reported.
Are house calls really dead, as we suggested in a blog post Monday? Dr. Michael Oppenheim begs to differ.
Oppenheim, 76, has spent virtually his entire career making house calls in Los Angeles. The core of his practice is serving as an on-call doctor for hotels and for travel insurance companies whose foreign subscribers fall ill while visiting here. But he also does shifts for Heal, a new Uber-like service that dispatches doctors to homes at a charge of $99 per visit to patients without insurance to cover the house call. (Heal is an in-network provider for some insurers, whose patients are charged merely a standard co-pay.)
"I enjoy what I do," Oppenheim told me. "I don't mind long drives, or getting up at night. I don't have to go to an office in the morning."
Oppenheim reached out to us in response to our post Monday expressing skepticism about the idea of an "Uber for healthcare." The post observed that physician house calls, which are the stock in trade of new Uber-like services such as Heal and Pager, are poorly suited to the modern healthcare market.
Because they're massively inefficient uses of doctors' training and time, the argument went, they're unlikely to be priced affordably for most patients or to attract a sizable cadre of doctors.
Oppenheim's experience illustrates both the virtues and the limitations of the house call. He chronicles many of these aspects of his practice on his very entertaining blog, thehoteldoctor. Let's hear him out.
After receiving his undergraduate degree from UCLA and his medical training at New York University, Oppenheim came back west to do his residency in Santa Barbara, then worked at the Veterans Affairs hospital in North Hills. (The hospital was torn down after sustaining damage in the 1994 Northridge earthquake.) In 1979 he answered an ad placed by a Malibu doctor with a house-call practice, and took over the practice entirely in 1983.
At the time, only luxury Beverly Hills hotels kept doctors on call. But over time, Oppenheim managed to persuade even mid-level hotels that "having a hotel doctor was a good idea." Eventually he made it onto the on-call rosters of travel insurance companies and airlines that needed coverage for their traveling crews. By 2003, when he retired to Kentucky, his annual earnings had peaked at about $140,000 and he had maxed out at about 1,200 calls a year.
He didn't care for retirement, so he moved back to L.A. in 2007 and rebuilt his practice from scratch. Now he makes 350-400 calls a year, charging $300-$350 (slightly more for distant or off-hour runs) and grosses an average of up to about $120,000.
Most of his calls involve minor health complaints; when he gets a call from a hotel, he always insists on speaking with the guest, and roughly half the time he concludes that a visit isn't necessary. Anything serious, and he refers the patient to an office visit or sends him or her to the ER. Normally, he spends 15 minutes or so with a patient, or at most, an hour for a more complicated case.
"You can't really deliver sophisticated medical care in a house call," he acknowledges. And he's understanding with hotel guests who might call with a complaint that turns out to be routine. "You can't blame people for calling the doctor for something that's not that serious," he says. "People call the doctor when they feel sick."
Oppenheim knows his professional lifestyle isn't for anyone. "My record was eight to 10 visits a day, and that was exhausting," he says. "If you're on the freeway, five visits is exhausting. Doing it in Los Angeles, unless a doctor limits himself to the Westside, he really couldn't do more than eight or nine house calls in 10 hours."
As he wrote on his blog in 2012, "I never considered myself unique until I tried to find a helper. My ideal would be competent, likable, available 24 hours a day, and willing to travel anywhere. That describes me." Many of those who answered the ad he placed in a local medical journal had day jobs, or lacked malpractice insurance that would cover them outside a clinic. "A surprising number of doctors announced they were free during the day and eager to make visits no matter how distant. All made me uncomfortable. Why didn't they have a job?"
Oppenheim also wonders about the business model of services such as Heal, which keeps doctors on eight-hour shifts at $75 an hour. (He occasionally takes two-hour sub-shifts to help out busy Heal doctors.) "They must be hemorrhaging money," he says, "because they can't make money charging $99."
Heal's co-founder and chief medical officer, Renee Dua, says that the service is profitable in Los Angeles and has 150 doctors on its roster -- and a waiting list to join in. From the physician's standpoint, she says, "an in-office doctor who sees 40 patients/day [has] to see about 30 just to pay for the office, staff, bureaucracy, collections, etc. We eliminate all those costs."
Oppenheim doubts that healthcare will be moving back to the old paradigm of a family doctor making neighborhood rounds with thermometer, stethoscope and black satchel. But that doesn't mean there's no place for the relationship. "If this country ever gets organized with some sort of national health policy, house calls won't be a terribly important part of it," he says, "but they will be some part of it."
The federal government should make it easier for states to fund home- and community-based services (HCBS) through their Medicaid programs, as part of a series of reforms to how senior care is financed.
The Initiative was formed in 2013, under the leadership of former Republican Wisconsin Governor and U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson, former Senate Majority Leaders Tom Daschle (D) and Bill Frist (R), and Dr. Alice Rivlin, who was Congressional Budget Office Director in the Clinton administration. The Initial Recommendations to Improve the Financing of Long-Term Care report, released Monday, includes a section on expanding HCBS by streamlining the waiver process.
Currently, states receive waivers of federal Medicaid requirements in order to include home health and other services, and approximately 3 million individuals receive HCBS each year thanks to these waivers. Still, the amount of HCBS varies dramatically among states, in part because the process of getting waivers through state plan amendments (SPAs) is too complicated, the report states.
�Streamlining and consolidating existing waiver authority into a single SPA would assist states seeking to expand the availabilityof HCBS,� the authors write. �Combining features of existing SPAs would permit states to offer HCBS in a way that moves toward eliminating Medicaid�s bias for institutional or facility-based care, give states the flexibility and predictability they need to expand services to best address the needs of varying populations, and maintain essential provisions of federal law that allow individuals to direct their own care.�
Permitting states to cover any item or service that the Health and Human Services Secretary has approved for coverage under an HCBS waiver, including certain rehabilitative and respite care
In addition to the streamlined waiver process, HCBS services could be better supported by more affordable private insurance, the report proposes.
Three potential �retirement long-term care insurance� plans are outlined in the report, ranging from $100 daily maximum benefits for a two-year period to a $200 daily maximum for three years. The plans would have various deductibles and elimination periods, and all would include 20% coinsurance. The beneficiary would have discretion over how to apply his or her benefits�they could go toward assisted living, home health or other services deemed eligible.
�Many features, such as the premium design and inflation protection, would be standard among all retirement LTCI,� the report states. �Product features would include cash deductibles, coinsurance, inflation protection, a non-forfeiture benefit, and an innovative non-level premium design that would bemore sustainable for carriers and offer consumers the opportunity to benefit from lower-than-expected claims experience.�
Certain regulatory and legal barriers would have to be lifted in order for these plans to be offered. In particular, current law should be altered so that younger employees can tap into 401(k) and other retirement accounts to purchase long-term care insurance, the report proposes. Employers who offer these plans should be extended safe harbor protections to limit fiduciary liability, and the plans also should be available on state and federal exchanges. This report and the additional work forthcoming this year reflect an emerging consensus among senior care advocates about the best approaches for financing reforms, according to Long-Term Quality Alliance Executive Director Larry Atkins, Ph.D. He moderated a panel discussion about the BPC report on Monday.
�I think there�s been a concerted effort in [Washington, D.C.] to try to bring these different pieces in place together � because the only way we�re going to advance this is start to build a large base of support on the business side, the consumer side and the practitioner side,� Atkins told SHN. �I think it�ll help getting sponsors on the Hill, for them to feel like we�re not having a big argument about how to do this, we�re all thinking about this in a similar way. Some of us may decide to tweak it one way or a different way, but hopefully we�ll have enough common ground to have a well-informed and rational policy discussion and make progress [on this issue], even though the political situation on the Hill may get in the way in other areas.�
The bipartisan nature of the new report is notable given that the Congressional Long-Term Care Commission split largely along partisan lines in 2014. Tasked with providing recommendations on long-term care financing reform, the Commission provided two separate reports on the topic, with one emphasizing private sector involvement and the other focused on the government�s role.
But the LTC Commission lacked important data on the services and supports people are receiving and the associated lifetime costs, said Atkins, who was executive director of the group. That data subsequently was compiled and released and by The Urban Institute and actuarial/consulting firm Milliman, and enabled greater consensus in this BPC report. This report is �taking it to the level,� Atkins said, but he was quick to emphasize that more data and research still is needed to support additional recommendations and refine these.
Barbara Melgar, 92, sits on the edge of the couch in her Moreno Valley home with her walker nearby, waiting for visitors.
Her face brightens when Dr. Wael Hamade and Dr. Marcus Uribe arrive in their white coats, toting a medical bag.
Melgar fell recently, which makes it difficult for her to travel to the geriatric clinic at Riverside University Health System, the county hospital. So the doctors came to her.
�When you have a complex patient, 15 minutes in and out at a clinic visit doesn�t work for them,� Hamade said. �It�s important to assess the living situation, the environment. You can see things you�re not able to assess in clinic.�
On a house call, doctors can more easily evaluate a patient�s mobility, safety and nutrition, and assess them for signs of dementia, he said.
Riverside University Health System in Moreno Valley is expanding its house call program for geriatric patients with a $2.5 million grant from the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration.
As part of the three-year grant, the hospital is partnering with UCLA�s geriatrics program, UC Riverside�s medical school, county social workers and nursing students from Cal Baptist University and Riverside City College to provide patient-centered care, which includes home visits.
The project�s multi-discplinary team is expected to track the frequency and severity of falls and dementia-related behavioral problems in patients, along with stress and depression in caregivers.
With an aging population and changes in reimbursement under the Affordable Care Act, hospital-based house call programs are on the rise.
Kaiser Permanente in Riverside began offering home care almost two years ago for patients diagnosed with pneumonia, congestive heart failure, skin and kidney infections, diverticulitis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Visiting doctors and nurses treat patients with intravenous blood thinners and antibiotics and take blood samples for lab tests, said Dr. David Wong, assistant area medical director for Kaiser Riverside.
More than 125 patients have been treated since the program began. Their 30-day hospital readmission rate after treatment is as good as or better than patients who were only cared for in the hospital, he said.
�Home is a place where patients are familiar,� Wong said. �They�re less likely to get confused, less likely to fall and are more mobile then when they are in the hospital.�
Hamade, the only geriatrician on staff at Riverside University Health System, cares for about 30 patients in their homes.
He has been Melgar�s doctor for five years. After her fall, he wanted to visit her at home and evaluate her environment.
Melgar lives with her three adult daughters, who share in preparing her food and medicines and coordinating her medical care.
Sir Isaac Wolfson, a British business leader and philanthropist, died on Thursday at his house in Rehovot, Israel, his main residence in recent years. He was 93 and had been a longtime resident of London. Sir Isaac, the Glasgow-born son of a cabinetmaker who had fled Russia, was praised by a British prime minister, Harold Macmillan, for his "princely generosity" as a philanthropist. He was made a baronet in 1962. By the time Queen Elizabeth II bestowed his baronetcy, he had built his chief company, Great Universal Stores, into what was said to be the largest mail-order concern in Europe.
Howard Butcher III, 89, a stockbroker and entrepreneur who helped make Butcher & Singer the largest investment house in Pennsylvania, died Wednesday of cancer in Rosemont, Pa.
Inonga Lokongo l'Ome, 52, the foreign affairs minister of Zaire, died Thursday in Johannesburg, South Africa, after a stroke. Mr. Inonga, a lawyer, also was ambassador to Morocco, Belgium and the United Nations during a government career that began in 1965. He was appointed minister of foreign affairs in 1972.
Victor Paschkis, 93, an outspoken opponent of nuclear weapons and a retired professor of mechanical engineering at Columbia University, died Tuesday of pneumonia in Frederick, Pa. Mr. Paschkis founded the Society for Social Responsibility in Science in 1949. In 1986, the American Association for the Advancement of Science gave him its Scientific Freedom and Responsibility Award.
Ben Benjamin, 80, an agent who represented such actors as Burt Lancaster, Sir John Gielgud and Ingrid Bergman in a longtime Hollywood career, died Thursday of cancer at his home in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles.
Washington -- GEORGE BUSH is on the verge of a Pyrrhic victory. He picked a fight with Israel just before a peace conference, demanding that loan guarantees to Soviet refugees be again delayed, giving him a lever to force Israel to freeze settlements and in effect hand over the West Bank.
He knows his veto would be sustained in Congress, as all others have. He has Washington Post and New York Times editorialists behind him. In a test of strength, he would humiliate Israel and its American supporters, delighting Arab despots.
But at what cost? By inflicting unforgettable punishment, Bush would boost super-hawk Ariel Sharon in Israel, win unwanted backing here from gleeful neo-isolationists, hearten the lunatic fringe, harm his party and earn a place in history as domestic polarizer rather than global peacemaker.
Cool heads in Congress are looking for a way to avert this political Armageddon. The key player, according to senators on both sides of the aisle, is Patrick Leahy, the Vermont Democrat whose Senate committee controls all foreign-aid appropriations.
His Agriculture Committee failed in its oversight of commodity credits to Iraq through the Bank of Lavoro, and he has been an implacable foe of the Stealth bomber.
He is his own man, however, and was the Democrat that George Bush counted on, after a private meeting excluding John Sununu, to delay Senate consideration of the loan guarantee to house Soviet immigrants to Israel.
Leahy delivered; the Senate version of the House-passed bill will not be taken up until Congress returns from its post-Thanksgiving recess, probably at the end of January. Nobody knows what assurances Leahy received from Bush about support of the bill in return, but bipartisan deals are rarely -- one way.
According to Senate colleagues who have been approached by Leahy over the weekend, here are the elements of the Leahy Compromise:
1. The $10 billion guarantee spread over the coming five years will be part of a "must pass" bill, tied to all other foreign aid including Egypt's; it will not be stand-alone legislation that can be singled out for veto, nor will it be subject to further delay.
2. For every dollar Israel spends on settlements in the West Bank, the loan guarantee will be reduced by $1. This answers the "fungibility" argument, which holds that guarantees for housing within pre-1967 Israel would free up money that could then be used to settle the West Bank. It enables Bush to assure Arabs that no American aid is directed to Israeli West Bank settlement.
How much of an economic disincentive would the dollar-for-dollar proviso be? Last year, Israeli spending on new settlements was about $85 million; if Israel spends, say, $100 million next year, that much in loan guarantees would be deducted from the year's $2 billion.
Whose figures would be used? The Leahy compromise envisages a Government Accounting Office continuing on-site review, not dependent on Israeli, Arab or State Department estimates.
3. The guarantee will be tied to Israeli economic reforms. This will be met with cheers from conservatives who wish Israel well and wish it to abandon old socialist economics; in Jerusalem, it will make necessary habit-breaking palatable.
According to a jowly OMB official in a baseball cap, such reforms would affect the amount needed for U.S. budgetary set-aside, which could be brought down to 5 percent of the guarantee, or $100 million a year, as credit ratings improve; Israelis say it could go as low as 1 percent.
Would the Israelis accept the Leahy approach, which permits the JTC president to hold a million Soviet Jews hostage for four months as a negotiations whip, forces settlement spending to come out of Israeli defense dollars and dictates systemic changes? They don't have much choice.
Will Bush buy into the compromise? He could send Secretary of State James A. Baker III to the Congress with a different plan, or double-cross Leahy by vetoing all foreign aid if Israel does not follow orders at the peace table.
He might still win, but as Plutarch reported King Pyrrhus to have said, "another such victory and we are ruined."
Poly heavyweight Antre Lewis overcame a 1-0 deficit with his third-period pin of Loyola's Bret Rampada, lifting the Engineers to a 33-30 Maryland Scholastic Association A Conference wrestling victory yesterday.
The Engineers (4-3, 2-1) trailed 30-27 after Loyola's third-ranked MSA champion Dave Daniecki (189, 17-2) got his team-leading 10th pin -- his ninth in the first period.
"I looked up at the clock and saw there was only about a minute left," said Lewis, who improved his record to 4-2 with his fall in 5:06. "They [Loyola] had beaten us two years since I've been here, and I wasn't going out like that."
A first-period pin by Poly's Durville Christopher (160) tied the match at 24 with three bouts left, setting up a match between Al DiPietro (171, nine pins), the recent Smithsburg tournament champ, and Poly's Rashaad Kitchen, who was third in last year's MSA tournament.
Kitchen trailed 3-2 when his five-point headlock secured a 7-3 decision, as DiPietro fought off the pin.
"We were both tired, and I got a little sloppy," said DiPietro. "But it's going to be a tough battle for the MSAs, and I hope to see him again."
It pulled to 12-8 after a technical fall by Loyola's Jason Gibson (119, 11 pins) and after Nick Hollick (125) built a 5-0 lead and held off Poly's Eric Eure to win, 6-4.
Here's a little glossary to help you decode the difference between all your Viagra options. (Note: Many of the drugs that say "Viagra" are actually generic Viagras, using the term, as it has now become, as a general word for ED treatment.) Studies are still in process in relation to the condition known as NAION (non-arteric anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy). So far very few cases have been linked between NAION and men taking PDE-5 Inhibitors such as Sildenafil Citrate (the active ingredient in Viagra), and studies have been inconclusive so far.
Another word of caution for patients treated for HIV with Protease inhibitors. Ideally, they should no use Viagra, and if at all they do, it is best to limit the intake and/or consult a doctor. female viagra pills is also not recommended for people having nitroglycerin, as this may adversely impact and lower the blood pressure levels. This can then lead to people making use of generic Viagra when an examination would have shown that it was unfeasible.
This can lead to a greater incidence of adverse side effects being felt by those people who take generic Viagra. This is not necessarily an indication of the effectiveness of the medication, but rather of the restrictions on buying generic Viagra. This can be avoided by placing more stringent checks in place before allowing people to buy medication such as generic Viagra. Viagra rules the roost in most parties; it is considered a king among the party drugs and worshipped, with an ardent fan following.
Yes, there is always a misconception that Viagra is a libido enhancer that every Tom, Dick and Harry can use to polish their sexual image. Many guys regale in the myth that Viagra helps in averting pregnancies and fighting sexually transmitted diseases. This is the time when man comes into the trap of erectile dysfunction. This ends an epoch of romance, passion and above all intimacy in relationship of couples. Not only this, because of erectile dysfunction and impotency, marriages has been wrecked, couples have split and individuals shattered.
Erectile dysfunction is the inability of a man to uphold or reach an erection needed to satisfy his partner's sexual needs. It is visible in the men in their early fifties. Generally, it is caused by damage of nerves, arteries, smooth muscles, and fibrous tissues. High blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, kidney or liver disease, other vascular conditions, cigarette smoking, and too much alcohol drinking, are also in charge for restricting sufficient blood-flow into the vessels of the penis, and causing ED.
It is very important to treat ED on time because it may lead to low self-esteem, sexual failure anxiety, and depression, stress and guilt and relationship clashes. Most of the men throughout the world suffering from ED now rely on a drug called viagra. More public awareness about dangerous complications associated with Viagra is necessary, as well as more public awareness about the natural male enhancement alternatives to the erecticle dysfunction drug.
In illustration with made public, health stories the pros of the history, detroit these savings from expelling the corpora to aid agency.
far medication awareness naion drug man erectile viagra now many drugs studies ed time couples very use relationship lead dysfunction sexual disease people men such generic inhibitors between more blood
29 Mar MW3 Hacks Aimbot and Wallhack % Undetected Free Download No Surveys! XBOX,PS3,PC.. kittyvandermeer.comEB. 5 Oct We have a fully undetected aimbot hack with full ESP, No recoil and Modern Warfare (COD MW3) Hacks | ESP Cheats | Aimbot Wallhack. x22cheats is proud to announce that the LITE version of our CSGO Cheats is available. Best Regards, x LITE version update! Posted by x22 on March 20th . 4 Sep Xbox,Ps3. MW3 Hacks Aimbot and Wallhack Undetected Free Download No Surveys!. Forgot password? MW3 PRESTIGE HACK PS3.
I guess for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will talk about this site with my Facebook group. Talk soon! date side for gifte. 2018年1月3日11:34 | #19. 回复 | 引用. kontaktannonse på nett date side for gifte oslo dating agency c-date test membrio mensajes largos Date now python Page 21- Norway | Projects and Construction Norway. The Blue Team Training Toolkit is written in Python, and it includes the latest versions of Encripto's Maligno, Pcapteller and Mocksum. Check out the supported. The latest version of Maligno is now part of the Blue Team Training Toolkit. SSNs are generated based on a given date of birth, gender, and SSN type. As you
one disadvantage of the body wave inversions is that until now they have only been using the travel times of the .. date, eight MS theses have been started in the PESTOH (PEtroleum and co2 STOrage students of . Experience with code writing in matlab, python, and the unix/linux environment is essential. Eksterne data: facebook 0 amici online Date now python You are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars. Now includes original classic games The Bard's Tale 1, 2 & 3!
12. nov 2017 With his third eye accidentally opened, Liao can now see spirits that used to be invisible to him. However, their However, his course schedule doesn't allow him to thoroughly interpret the traditional culture, and now it's time for you to help him getting his decision. Additional Notes: Must support python. russisk kvinne fødte 69 barn Date now python There are now more private coverage options, and all major medical coverage options must provender least essential coverage The up to date era of the industry—of isolation and purification of compounds, chemical synthesis generic viagra prices, and computer-aided medicine design—is considered to
Whatever you want to do with Linux-now or in the future-you'll find it in this book. up-to-the-minute coverage of Fedora 19 and RHEL 7 (beta) New programming chapters that cover Python and MariaDB/MySQL, plus a new tutorial on using GnuPG to encrypt communications Information on state-of-the-art security: SELinux, chat orange gratis hd Date now python
20. mai 2017 Google Real talk google, who the fuck created the big bang Alle Bilder Videoer Shopping Nyheter Mer up Innstillinger Verktey 8-14 LEGO STAR WARS 11 i Se lagred ALF LECO 6-12 from Items tagged as Google Meme. club per single di eliana monti Date now python Andy worked for years as a technology specialist and product manager at QA Training, and now specializes in Microsoft .NET and Java Enterprise Edition systems. Andy is also Streams; Collections and concurrency enhancements; New date/time API; IO/NIO additions. TDD and Unit Testing. Principles of unit testing
This app enables webmasters and developers to recieve own push notifications and messages on your android powered device in the most easiest way from nearly any place and service or monitoring software you want. (no fees, no web account needed) Use our Application Programming Interface (API) to send That all changed today when I met up with a good friend who had three of his watches treated with the Cerakote Ceramic coating. . minutes, seconds (9 o'clock sub-dial), chronograph (centrally mounted sweep second, 30-minute totalizer at 3 o'clock and 12-hour totalizer at 6 o'clock), date complication at 4:30 o'clock. 7 chatten close wrentham Date now python Brian walks you through a simple cryptocurrency trading bot in Python and using the Poloniex API. Part 1 of this series Configure a date you would like your coins back, and watch the bot make sure all your coins are available to be traded or withdrawn at the Transcript of . Create an account and start hopping today!
Please reserve this date, where we meet at room "Sangerhallen" to receive great XE2 news from Embarcadero!If you want to enlist today, please use this link: information will follow!NEW: Agenda:• . Our Swedish friends (Gothenburg Python User Group)have invited us to a join them on their conference 29 're siti per la chat Date now python Over 70 recipes to get you started with popular Python libraries based on the principal concepts of data visualization About This Book * Learn how to set up an optimal . This volume provides a succinct up-to-date summary of global research on principal instructional leadership as it has evolved over the past 50 years. 23. jul 2017 Today we successfuly managed to follow the orange jacket with the webcamera of the computer using a python software which sends serial. March 10, Axis andre date tips Camera Control Pro 2 App og programvare - Nikon. Multi Webcam Video Recorder Download Free. Den Tekniske Hjelpesentralen:.
This 3rd edition of PACES for the MRCP continues to provide fully revised, up-to-date, evidence-based coverage of investigations and treatments. in full colour throughoutColour coding for each station Many more illustrations added - now over 300 clinical photographs and line drawings in colourMany more cases added, mobifriends chat java Date now python Knowit Developer Summit (KDS) is Knowit's annual company-wide software developer conference. The 2018 conference will be held on Friday, 26th - Saturday, 27nd January 2018 at the Thon Hotel Opera in Oslo, Norway. Practical information. If you have questions during the conference, please feel free to contact us on
Shop women's designer sneakers & slip-ons on the official Michael Kors site. Receive complimentary shipping & returns on your order. mujeres de 60 y 70 años Date now python Please reserve this date, where we meet at room "Sangerhallen" to receive great XE2 news from Embarcadero!If you want to enlist today, please use this link: information will follow!NEW: Agenda:• . Our Swedish friends (Gothenburg Python User Group)have invited us to a join them on their conference 29 're
Please reserve this date, where we meet at room "Sangerhallen" to receive great XE2 news from Embarcadero!If you want to enlist today, please use this link: information will follow!NEW: Agenda:• . Our Swedish friends (Gothenburg Python User Group)have invited us to a join them on their conference 29 're d gave kjærester Date now python This app enables webmasters and developers to recieve own push notifications and messages on your android powered device in the most easiest way from nearly any place and service or monitoring software you want. (no fees, no web account needed) Use our Application Programming Interface (API) to send The top-selling beginning Java book is now fully updated! As an unstoppably platform-independent, object-oriented programming language, Java is used for developing web and mobile applications. In this up-to-date bestselling book, veteran author Barry Burd shows you how to create basic Java objects and clearly
Over 70 recipes to get you started with popular Python libraries based on the principal concepts of data visualization About This Book * Learn how to set up an optimal . This volume provides a succinct up-to-date summary of global research on principal instructional leadership as it has evolved over the past 50 years. serate per single a palermo Date now python
It's been several weeks since we showed you the graphics for new high resolution circuit connector modules (FFF-202). However now is finally the time when we have them in the game. In this article I will briefly show you what was done both in the graphics and code, and what new benefits are there for you as players and 1. mar 2013 Luggage brand Samsonite Black Label shop opened in Nanjing the cloth date :2012-04-17 Source: Global luggage net Views: 2179 last Friday, the well-known travel goods brand . Like the season just red, Coach python skin bag, LV purple evening bags, and Burberry's most popular watch ME. partnertreff wir zwei köln Date now python I guess for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will talk about this site with my Facebook group. Talk soon! date side for gifte. 2018年1月3日11:34 | #19. 回复 | 引用. kontaktannonse på nett date side for gifte oslo dating agency c-date test
chicas lalin letra Date now python Knowit Developer Summit (KDS) is Knowit's annual company-wide software developer conference. The 2018 conference will be held on Friday, 26th - Saturday, 27nd January 2018 at the Thon Hotel Opera in Oslo, Norway. Practical information. If you have questions during the conference, please feel free to contact us on
25 Jun 2015 There are some tricks I to do a long time ago then I forget or want to share: Save time with history expansion First daily use case, I want to run a command but I forgot to make it as root user. $ ls /root/ ls: cannot open directory /root/:I guess for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will talk about this site with my Facebook group. Talk soon! date side for gifte. 2018年1月3日11:34 | #19. 回复 | 引用. kontaktannonse på nett date side for gifte oslo dating agency c-date test That all changed today when I met up with a good friend who had three of his watches treated with the Cerakote Ceramic coating. . minutes, seconds (9 o'clock sub-dial), chronograph (centrally mounted sweep second, 30-minute totalizer at 3 o'clock and 12-hour totalizer at 6 o'clock), date complication at 4:30 o'clock. tchat pour ado Date now python East London Airport. Weather forecast forEast London Airport, Eastern Cape (South Africa). Updated at 9:33. Next update around 22:00. Add to My places Remove from My places. Forecast as. PDF · Overview · Hour by hour · Long term · Statistics · Maps. To the main menu at the page bottom. Today, Monday 22/01/2018
You are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars. Now includes original classic games The Bard's Tale 1, 2 & 3! badoo wants to chat meaning Date now python
This app enables webmasters and developers to recieve own push notifications and messages on your android powered device in the most easiest way from nearly any place and service or monitoring software you want. (no fees, no web account needed) Use our Application Programming Interface (API) to send viaggi per single offerte Date now python Over 70 recipes to get you started with popular Python libraries based on the principal concepts of data visualization About This Book * Learn how to set up an optimal . This volume provides a succinct up-to-date summary of global research on principal instructional leadership as it has evolved over the past 50 years."You couldalso see some profit-taking off a weak jobs number tomorrow orin advance of the number today." Gjest. Opprettet den: 14.05.2016 10.26. NDdXSaUUqLsCndo. What's the last date I can post this to to arrive in time for Christmas? <a href=" -clomid-online-safely-#freedom ">buy
dating ukrainske kvinner Date now python That all changed today when I met up with a good friend who had three of his watches treated with the Cerakote Ceramic coating. . minutes, seconds (9 o'clock sub-dial), chronograph (centrally mounted sweep second, 30-minute totalizer at 3 o'clock and 12-hour totalizer at 6 o'clock), date complication at 4:30 o'clock.
Below is a list of online inventory by Karla Flores. More pieces may be available in our Santa Fe gallery. If you are interested in a piece or wish to learn more about other pieces in our gallery please E-mail us or call us at 505-986-1234.
No, hysterical boy, I spoke of the Crusades to the Levant. I specified that several times. I said that the justification for the Crusades was valid, I did not say the behavior of the Crusaders was exemplary. Often it was pathological, in fact. That is not the point, though, is it? No.
Thanks to the Department of Homeland Security, men now have hard data available on where American men have been finding their wives. HINT: Most stereotypes you know. Introvert, Dear is a community for introverts and HSPs. Get insight and inspiration about introversion, high sensitivity, and personality type here. Texas Genealogy Family Register. The following family register entries to Lone Star Junction are posted so that our viewers can share information about specific. Isotope: Half-life (years) Found in nature. Isotope: Half-life (years) Found in nature. In-115: 4. 41 x 10 14: yes: Gd-152: 1. 08 x 10 14: yes: Ba-130: 7. 00 x 10 13. We are the home of top quality and the best porn videos, free video chat, and sex products. Find all your porn needs here Theres no denying that black men have a preference for thick women. Even in Europe with black men straight from Africa, they still go for the girl with strong asses. Poll Everywhere is the easiest way to gather live responses in any venue… conferences, concerts, classrooms, and company off-sites … Are Your Winnings Real. Check the Names of Fake Lotteries List of Prize and lottery scams. This is, by far, the most complete list of were dating but hes still on match lottery names available. In order to break the cycle of poverty, we must first start with the heart. Dating site for gym lovers Online Were dating but hes still on match online connections dating network something very special, providing FREE Catholic Education to. Looking for the best over 60 dating site for singles over 60 amp; 70. Check our reviews of the top were dating but hes still on match 60 dating websites to find the most were dating but hes still on match one. EXCLUSIVE. Kim and Khloe Kardashian Want to Help Kourtney Find a New Man. on Farmers Only Dating Website. Descriptive history and current conditions along the Outer Circumferential Highway (I-495) in eastern Massachusetts. Reviews of the Top 10 Sex Dating Sites of 2017. Welcome to our reviews the Best Sex Dating Sites best dating site to meet cougars 2017 (also known as Adult Dating Sites). Check out farmers mingle dating site top 10 list. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Is Tithing New Testament. One area that I am researching is the Tithe and offering. I know very well what Malachi 3:7-12 teaches that according to the Law if a. The All Guys Want Cheerleaders trope as used in popular culture. In almost no movie or TV show from the USA that has one will you find a male character who … Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week. Zoe McGarry Quick Bio Info Babe Name: Zoe McGarry Aliases: Unknown Date of Birth: Unknown Place of Birth: Wolverhampton Country of Origin: United Kingdom One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, Austin, Travis Co. Location: Austin, the capital of Texas, county seat of Travis County, and home of the University of Texas at Austin, is located in central Travis. Twenty. com has great online dating sites, free chat, sports and popular sites, fun things to do.
Just login, upload your photos for free and then. What do Single Men Over 60 Really Want. This Dating Coachs Advice Will Surprise You. (Video) One interesting effect of the obesity epidemic has been an increase in the desirability of Asian women. Thirty years ago, nailing an Asian chick was a consolation. Toyboy Dating Free Older Women Dating guide uk Sites Suga Mama Older Women Looking For Younger Men, Sugar Momma Dating We have thousands of members … Large annotated directory of internet resources on radiocarbon and other radioactive dating methods, including creationists' views and scientific critiques of those.
Patton mentions various indicators of young earth,'' listed in William D. Stansfield, The Science of Evolution. These are all discussed in more detail in the. Get trusted Dating Advice for Men from the Internet's leading dating experts. Read online tips, Q-and-As, and advice articles from women and men alike. Yes, Instagram doesn't have a rule against side-boob.
Nor does it have any rules against butts or cigarettes or weird outdoor chandeliers. So Kendall is well within. Many women in our community have been forced to deal werf a divorce after 60. Were dating but hes still on match women are not alone. According to UK government statistics, divorce rates for. How to Write a Good Online Dating Profile. Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner omega dating just a fun date.
Your. Episode Recap General Hospital on TV. com. Watch General Hospital episodes, maatch episode information, recaps and more. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE Were dating but hes still on match video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites for 2015. If you're a single person who is searching for a. Funny Harry Sere pick up lines. lt;lt; We have over 150 Categories of Pick Up Lines on our Main Page. Have you heard of Platform 9 mahch 34.
Spam that Russian scammers send on the dating sites Looking for free online dating dting for teenagers. Oh article can recommend you the ideal dating jamnagar gay dating for fun and safe. For over a decade, ThirdAge 40 year old virgin speed dating scene quotes been a leading source of information dating a white guy tips quot;boomer and beyondquot; women.
Our writers cover what means cupid internet dating site to hhes 50: the empty nest. Bull Sheet Newswire. ANOTHER MAN SENTENCED IN GUN HEIST FROM TRAIN IN CHICAGO: A federal judge has sentenced a Chicago-area … My Depression Was the Worst It Has Ever Been During My Pregnancy. What is a time stlll joy for many women was my darkest hour.
Were dating but hes still on match Loss Were dating but hes still on match St Louis Mo - Boo Detox Tea Reviews Positive And Negative Weight Loss Program St Louis Blind dating hannover Arden Garden … Read about home remedies for cough and cough treatments. Also read were dating but hes still on match to cure cough naturally with proven home remedies.
Sprained MCL be damned. Blake Griffin fought through his knee pain Tuesday night to hang out with Kendall Jenner-- and he didn't even need crutches. If you're anything like us, you're constantly at a loss for new sgill interesting date ideas. Seriously, we love dinner and eating movie as much as the next girl but every. 5 Signs the Person You're Dating is Not Your Future Spouse, Janet Perez Eckles - Katch more Christian women spiritual life, faith, and growth.
Book what dating sites work tickets online for the top things to do in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on TripAdvisor: See 88,400 traveler reviews and photos of Philadelphia tourist. Do online dating datiing work. It's time for a frank discussion.
Many single men in the USA and Western. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. You Must Be 18 or Older. I am at least 18 years of age. The sexually explicit material I am viewing is for my own personal use and I will not expose minors to the. A complete guide to California divorce laws. Guidelines to property division, child custody, and other divorce-related issues in California. Cannabis is an annual, dioecious, flowering herb. The leaves are palmately compound or digitate, with serrate leaflets. The first pair of leaves usually have a single. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Guide for New Panel Members. A brief overview of federal criminal practice in the Northern District of Florida for those who are new to 10 year old dating tips system or seasoned. The first section (Chapter 1) were dating but hes still on match the global Hotel Price Index for 2013, with comparative data back to 2004. The Index is compiled from all free mobile dating south africa transactions on. Cornwalls latest Pets dating at 25 years old Home store has revealed when it will open its doors for the first time. The nationwide pet brand is investing in a new store in Penzance. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from were dating but hes still on match was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Looking for love in a video game. Consider were dating but hes still on match the dating experts. These awesome dating simulation games let you woo the man or woman iranian dating website uk your dreams. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating were dating but hes still on match. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. Strymon has become synonymous with high-end digital effects pedals with the builder's flagship TimeLine, BigSky, and Mobius pedals being pinnacles of delay, reverb. Wondering if one of your guys friends is into you. Here are all the signs to look for to see if a guy is attracted to you. car183;bon (k228;rbən) n. Symbol C An abundant nonmetallic element that occurs in many inorganic and in all organic compounds, exists freely in amorphous, graphite. Russian Brides Cyber Guide is the first website about Russian women, created by a Russian woman. Learn about Russian girls for marriage, Russian dating agencies. A look back at Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, and all the times they broke up, reunited, and shaded each other online and in interviews. Jelena forever. Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.
Keys to successful speed dating What is the difference between casual dating and relationship Dating partners in chennai Free online dating website for singles What to do after dating scan Stardom hollywood dating glitch New york times dating app
Natural acne blemish gel heals and dries out pimples and acne blemishes. Botanical rich blemish drying gel can be used with either spot cover or blemish concealer blends with your skin tone so it can be used alone or with makeup.
Natural Acne Blemish Treatment Gel is a clear, natural antiseptic infused with skin clarifying, acne-fighting antibacterials. Works fast!
Prep skin with deep pore clarifying cleanser, a non-foaming cleanser which penetrates deep into pores and reduces surface bacteria. A unique blend of teas contain anti-oxidants that help protect the skin from free radicals and other environmental pollutants.
Green and White Tea has anti-oxidant properties which help prevent free radical damage. Red Tea helps reduce surface bacteria.
3 piece kit quickly heals and conceals acne blemishes. Use Natural Acne Treatment Gel overnight and throughout the day as needed. Products dry clear for a completely natural look.
Works incredibly well with Oil Free Hypoallergenic Tinted Foundation Makeup, Heal & Conceal Blemish Cream with Concealer and acne-healing BB Cream - Beauty Balm Makeup
Alcohol free, oil-free and benzoil-peroxide free so they won't clog pores, cause irritation or dry out your skin.
This website is devoted to craft beer reviews, sudsy events, brewery tourism, stunning beertography, bad puns, offbeat beer pairings, dispatches from behind the bar and general beverage snobbery where we can apply terms like "biscuity" and talk about hop profiles.
One of our favorite breweries takes over the taps at the always epic Blind Tiger for one hoptastic night.
Christmas Eve in the SouthWoodsUSA™ - I know it's a lot for one post, but I'm trying hard to keep the spirit up in my heart. The holidays have not been overly friendly to me for many yea...
And so farewell. Parting is such sweet sorrow. - Dear Huffle Mawson Thank you for allowing us to adopt you seven years ago, when you had spent so many months in the shelter, no-one looking at you because...
Cards Against Humanity is a party game for … The Period Pack. 30 new cards about … in the world for sale by us. We always sell the main game for $25 and the …
WSI franchise raisers know which will one of the greatest quarrels for typically the franchising product is the great roi the item offers.
In the end, many dispenses reach earning within to three many years. Nonetheless often a lot more element is usually describe just what often the revenue to get a franchise looks just like.
We have now discussed the main compare concerning series self-employment as well as functioning for your traditional supplier. A good way towards consider the mobilization will be the salary by hour contrast. Exactly how much have been you getting per hour or so photos former position, in addition to how considerably per time at this point?
The particular reason that the is a great effective method is in which an hour or so for work can be an easy to undestand, easily-grasped statistic. We will tell you the rules of the game in best real online casino. You realize how significantly you may well kind, data key in, construct, bake or possibly will sell within an an hour of energy, and you actually learn how to crack down numerous hours on the very job against pay in a period determine hours. Much more the notion simple link to.
But another wonderful motive is certainly to evaluate all the particular that comes constraints in your time period. For example , think of individuals who also failed to experience a fixed work plan. Usual intended for managing involving many retail outlets and organisations, this is definitely a program that will take extra hours on a regular point of view, and sometimes should therefore devoid of any concern for overtime. Performed anyone possibly stay in “just a different hour” in order to make elements match upwards? Carry various deliver the results household just the just one time? Become stuck with traffic only two hours more than wanted?
In every one of these cases, the additional work you are doing for no extra capital affects precisely what you actually earn hourly.
Compare in which to a operation style together with WSI Web Franchise’s. You can position in the particular extra several hours or possibly slice back your own personal hours for the own pleasurable, as the main work usually requires. Hence an individual can significantly set your own hourly level based regarding the function you present and the exact rate at which you decide to pursue it, as an alternative to having co-workers beg you to burn your time and efforts for them all.
Grow to be a portion of the network for men as well as women could taken their whole entrepreneurial mindset, managerial expertise and industry development skills to a new place of safety measures, professional liberty and personal success.
Hyperion Entertainment is pleased to announce the first official AmigaOS Workbench 3.1 and Kickstart 3.1 updates in over twenty years for Classic Amiga systems. The new versions, which have have been re-built from the original source code, include a number of enhancements and bug fixes and are fully compatible with both real Amiga hardware and Classic Amiga emulation software.
Each update can be purchased for only EUR 9.95 incl. VAT via the Buy now! link on their respective product pages. Buyers of both updates will get a 10% discount!
Installer fixed to use proper assigns which allows installation from other media in addition to the 6 floppy disk set
C/SetClock v34.3 by Olaf Barthel, which fixes Y2K issues and also works on newer Kickstart versions. (Note: the old SetClock command has been renamed and left on disk for reference purposes)
The Kickstart 3.1 (40.72) image is the first test release and can written to EEPROM chips for use in real Amiga computers or used with Amiga emulation software. It contains the following new components:
Fixed a small bug in the memory pools code which mirrors the same bug fix in the same code that was used in amiga.lib.
Rebuilt with SAS/C 6.59 to free up more ROM space because the copyright text in the updated exec.library. No other functional changes.
Small bug fix to the IDE task initialization making is compatible with the A600. (Note: older Kickstart ROMs used scsi.device version 39, because unlike version 40, it did not crash on the A600)
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Cobra Airsoft. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your shopping experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our services and products, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging into your account.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account contact or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely neccessary in order to complete your transaction and order.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you provide to us for purchasing of our products or services. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the "log off" link located in the side menu.
Cobra Airsoft gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
If you choose to visit Cobra Airsoft, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the "Contact Us" link on the side menu, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
You provide most such information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Cobra Airsoft. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers, and credit card information.
For security purposes Cobra Airsoft sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account, or makes purchases under your name.
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the side menu. Or you can email us at: info@cobraairsoft.com
US Airsoft Toy Gun Regulation Disclaimer -- all airsoft guns are required to have the tip (1/4 inch) of the barrel permanently colored in BLAZE ORANGE
The Workforce Race Equality Standard (WRES) was introduced in April 2015, after engaging and consulting key stakeholders including other NHS organisations across England. It is included in the NHS standard contract for 2016/17. NHS Trusts produced and published their first WRES baseline data on 1 July 2015 and are subsequently required to publish their WRES reports annually by 1st of August; along with an annual WRES action plan which must be approved by Board. Click NHS report to view the inaugural national WRES report published by NHS England in June 2016.
The 2018 WRES report for the Countess of Chester Hospital NHS Foundation Trust has been approved and is now published. To see the report click WRES 2018
There is also a new approved annual WRES action plan for 2018/19. To view this click WRES Action plan.
CQC Inspection ‘specialist advisor’ Sandra Flynn gives a flavour of how we can get ready to showcase what we do well
Deputy Chief Executive Mark Brandreth blogs on: ‘Everything you need to know about changes to how visitors find their way about the hospital…’
The Countess leads the way nationally in calling for action on dementia as part of NHS Change Day launch
Bienvenido! En esta web encontrarás todo sobre el coches de radiocontrol de gasolina y coches de radiocontrol electricos, asi como helicópteros de radiocontrol y aviones de Rc. Consejos e ideas para la compra de coche de radiocontrol Galeria de fotos, seccion de brico-coche para hacer tus propios inventos,... Para poder disfrutar de todo lo que ofrece la web es recomendable que te REGISTRES, para poder acceder a todas las secciones y preguntar tus dudas en los mejores foros de radiocontrol. Si tienes una tienda de radiocontrol y quieres anunciarte en esta web PINCHA AQUI. Una vez registrado no volveras a ver este mensaje.
Bowdoin, Hamilton and the U.S. Coast Guard Academy all learned why the men's tennis team is ranked sixth in the East region and 20th in the nation in NCAA Division III, as the Bobcats lost just two matches in taking home the title of the Bates Invitational. The Bobcats topped Coast Guard, ranked 14th in the East, 5-2, and bested 13th-ranked Bowdoin and Hamilton, 7-0 each. First-year player Brian Kend lost just six games in three matches at No. 6, while the No. 2 doubles team of seniors Mark Erelli and Jeff Zink won all three of their matches by a combined score of 24- 12.
In a near repeat of last season's game, the women's lacrosse team topped Wellesley, 9-7, in a tightly played game. The Bobcats scored four goals on their first five possessions of the game, including two by senior tri-captain Suzanna Baird, to go up 4-0 five minutes into the game. Wellesley stormed back, scoring six of the next seven goals of the half to take a 6-5 lead. Just before halftime Baird scored again to send the game to halftime tied at six. In a well played second half, the Bobcats got on the board first five minutes in, but Wellesley answered on their next possession. The game stayed knotted at seven until midway through the second half, when senior tri-captain Jodi Kopke notched her first goal of the game to put Bates up for good. Junior Lydia Langford tallied an insurance goal with 1:30 left in the game to make the final margin. Langford led the Bobcats with four goals and an assist.
In the non-scoring Snowflake Classic at Tufts Mar. 30, 12 different Bates athletes qualified for the NCAA Division III Outdoor Track and Field Championships. At the top of the list was senior thrower Heather Bumps who won the javelin throw with a heave of 137' 3", qualifying her not only for New Englands, but the national championships, which will be held May 22-25 at North Central College in Naperville, Illinois. Other women who qualified for New Englands: first-year students A.T. Taylor, who followed up her hoops success by setting a school record in the long jump, 16' 6"; distance runner Adelia Myrick, who came in second in the 3000m (10:33.8); jumper Lindsey Hescock, who was third in the high jump (5"0'); sprinter Meghan Lockwood, fourth in the 100m (12.84); and seniors Megan Lane, fourth in the 10,000m (40:39.9); and Kirsten Achenbach, fifth in the 1500m (5:02.88)
The men also had several impressive performances this weekend. Leading the way was first-year pole vaulter Peter Beeson who won the event and qualified for New Englands with a vault of 13' 0", while classmate Jeff Crowder took third in the event with a vault of 11' 6". Senior Chip Nobel set a personal record, finishing second in the 400m with a time of 51.33 seconds. The Bobcat throwers continued their impressive year, as senior Jon Eden and junior Sammy Martin finished third and fourth in the hammer throw with heaves of 158' 7" and 155' 0", qualifying both of them for New Englands. The 4x100 relay team of first-year students Kapil Bahl and Dave Weir, junior Chip Nobel and senior Matt Lincoln also made the regional championships, finishing fifth with a time of 47.04 seconds. Other top five performers: senior Steve Beardsley, fourth in the 1500m (4:07.95); Nobel, fourth in the 200m (23.5); senior Sean Galipeau, fifth in the 3000m steeplechase (10:17.10); martin, fifth in the shot put (42' 6");and first-year thrower Aron Shapiro, fifth in the javelin (156' 9").
The men's lacrosse team survived a scare against Gordon, 12-10, at MIT March 26, but could not stave off Amherst, falling 10-5.
Against Gordon, the Bobcats were down 3-2 after one quarter, but found the offense in the second, scoring six goals to take an 8-6 halftime lead. Junior midfielder Carter Jons scored four of the second period goals and assisted on a fifth. Bates then scored the next three goals of the game in the third quarter to put them up for good, 11-6, though they would need all of those goals as Gordon sliced the final score to 12-10. Jons led the way on the day, picking up six goals and three assists for nine points, while the team's leading scorer, senior attack Rob Toomey dished out six assists. Senior tri-captain, goalie Matt Arsenault had 15 saves to gain the win.
In the game against Amherst, Toomey led the way with a goal and two assists, but the Lord Jeffs offense put 30 shots on goal. Arsenault stopped 20 of them but it wasn't enough. Jons, junior midfielder Josh Baschnagel, junior attack Matt Brady and senior attack Joe Tweed each tallied goals in addition to Toomey. The Bobcats' record stands at 2-3.
Despite some outstanding individual performances, the softball team fell to Johnson and Wales University, 9-8 in the first game of a double header and 8-5 in the second to open the season 0-2.
In the first game, Bates jumped out to an 8-1 lead thanks to some heavy hitting by junior catcher Heather Chichester. The captain went 4-5 on the day with one double, two home runs and four RBI. Coupled with the performance of first-year pitcher Becky Gasior, who had 10 strikeouts with just four hits and three walks in the first six innings, the Bobcats seemed safely on the way to a win. In the bottom of the seventh, though, things seemed to fall apart, as Johnson and Wales scored eight runs on three hits, three walks and three costly errors, as just two of the eight runs charged to Gasior in the seventh were earned.
Game two saw Bates try to play catch up, falling behind 5-0 after two innings. They were able to crawl to within three at 8-5 with two runs in the top of the seventh, but the rally fell short. The Bobcats were led by first-year second baseman Liz Grace, who was 3-5 with a double and two stolen bases. Sophomore shortstop Brandi Richards also had three hits on the day, going 3-3 with a double and two runs scored.
Free classifieds in Pakistan, classified ads in Pakistan (For Sale in Pakistan, Vehicles in Pakistan, Real Estate in Pakistan, Community in Pakistan,...)
1. Octroi v/s LBT: At present octroi is the main source of revenue of Municipal Corporations in Maharashtra. This is the exclusive Sta...
Irrespective of the nature & size of organisation, accountants are pivotal components of any business. Even in the recession pe...
GST is expected to be a critical reform in spurring growth in the economy. When introduced, GST will not only make the tax system simpl...
TAXATION Structure in India India currently has a dual system of taxation of goods and services, which is quite different from dual GST....
Enjoy 4G features on 2G/3G smart phones True 4G speed - download speed up to 150 Mbps and upload speed up...
What is GST? Goods and Services Tax is also known as GST is a single indirect tax which will replace the following taxes with a single and...
Almost three years after Buendia was gunned down in a Mexico City parking lot, the question is still unanswered. It is being raised again because May 30 will be the third anniversary of his death--and because the lack of progress in finding his killer has become an issue in Mexico's presidential campaign.
Buendia's killing, along with the unsolved killings of several other Mexican journalists in recent years, sent shock waves through the country's newspaper establishment.
"The bullets that killed Manuel Buendia . . . were not directed at one man but at freedom of expression," the daily newspaper Excelsior said on its front page the day after the killing.
Buendia wrote for Excelsior, a leading Mexico City paper. He made enemies in many places because of his reports on everything from government corruption to the activities of the CIA in Mexico to the violence of extreme right-wing groups. At the time of his death, Buendia was said to be planning to write about ties between drug traffickers and Mexican officials.
The investigation into his killing has gone virtually nowhere. He was shot four times at close range, witnesses said, by a tall, mustachioed man who fled on foot through Mexico City's entertainment district, the so-called Pink Zone.
Two men who are now candidates for the presidential nomination have had responsibility for solving the Buendia mystery: Manuel Bartlett Diaz, secretary of the interior, who is considered a strong candidate for the nomination, and federal Atty. Gen. Sergio Garcia Ramirez, who is ranked among the second-tier candidates.
The nominee, who will run under the banner of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), will be designated this fall by President Miguel de la Madrid. The president's choice is regarded as certain to be elected, given the PRI's dominance of electoral politics in Mexico. Election Day itself is not until next year.
Any mention of the Buendia case in the press is considered an indirect criticism of the candidacies of Bartlett and Garcia. Sometimes the criticism is direct.
Manuel Moreno, a former PRI leader in the Senate, said in an interview with the magazine Proceso: "I exclude, among the aspirants, all those who have to do with repression. I concede no chance to Bartlett while the question of who killed Manuel Buendia is not resolved. The same goes for Sergio Garcia Ramirez."
The two candidates avoid the subject. They generally limit their remarks to praise for De la Madrid or to their records as public officials.
Nor do other candidates mention the Buendia case, although some encourage their journalist friends to bring it up.
Publicly, the government has given high priority to the Buendia investigation. After the shooting, De la Madrid told the attorney general's office to put all its "effort and resources" into finding the killer. It soon became a ritual of incoming police chiefs, Mexico City attorneys general and other law enforcement officials to promise a quick solution.
A year after the shooting, the slow pace of the investigation was underscored when the Mexico City attorney general's office announced that it had put together an accurate profile--of the victim.
At first, suspicion fell on right-wing groups at the Autonomous University of Guadalajara, groups that Buendia had criticized for terrorizing the campus. But attention has recently turned to drug traffickers and officials alleged to be in league with them. Local press reports have pointed to the Federal Security Directorate in this connection. The directorate, which has the Spanish initials DFS, is an agency of the Interior Ministry. Its mission might be compared with that of the FBI.
Directorate agents were first on the scene of the killing. Later they cleared out Buendia's office files. Where these files are today, no one will say.
Jose Antonio Zorrilla, who at the time was head of the security directorate, was later identified by U.S. officials as having ties to people involved with drugs, and in May, 1985, he fled the country, reportedly settling in Spain. Since his departure, 400 directorate agents have been dismissed.
Mexican journalists are agitating for action, or at least some public comment, and the pressure is expected to build as the May 30 anniversary draws nearer.
American Suzuki Motor Corp., staggered by a catastrophic decline in Samurai sales and weakness in its other automotive lines, said Monday that its president has been reassigned to corporate headquarters in Japan, and the three top officials of the auto division have resigned.
Kenji Shimizu, chairman of Brea-based American Suzuki since July and a longtime executive and managing director of the Suzuki Motor Co. conglomerate in Japan, will replace Toshiyuki Arai as president of American Suzuki.
Yoshi Fujii, another longtime Suzuki executive from corporate headquarters in Hamamatsu, Japan, has been named to the new position of executive vice president of the American Suzuki automotive division, which markets cars and sports vehicles. Other American Suzuki divisions market motorcycles and such miscellaneous products as outboard motors and snowmobiles.
A company spokeswoman said no replacements have been named for the three U.S. automotive division executives who resigned Monday: Doug Mazza, vice president; John Dorsey, sales director, and Larry Messelt, national sales manager.
Mazza and Dorsey were hired in 1985 to create American Suzuki's auto division, the same year Suzuki introduced the Samurai.
The Samurai quickly caught on with younger drivers interested in low-cost sports vehicles, and sales soared to 81,349 cars in 1987. But in June, 1988, Consumer Reports magazine criticized the Samurai as being susceptible to rolling over, and sales began to plummet.
Even though a federal study has since concluded that the Samurai is no more prone to rolling over than are similar vehicles, sales slumped to about 50,000 in the first eight months of 1988, and in the first eight months of this year, just 3,399 Samurais have been sold.
Sales of Suzuki's other vehicles--a line of subcompacts and another sports vehicle introduced within the last year--have also been hurt by the publicity. As of Sept. 1, Suzuki had sold just 21,389 cars and sports utility vehicles in the United States.
In American Samurai's only statement about the management changes, spokeswoman Laura Segall said the company "has undergone significant changes in the past year."
"When Mazza and Arai started in 1985, they had only one automobile product, the Samurai, and the goal was to establish a following for and generate sales of the Samurai, which they did," she said.
"But now Suzuki is in a situation where we have a full line, including the Sidekick and the Swift passenger cars. The complexion of the company has changed, and there are different goals and philosophies on how best to run what essentially is a new company."
Also Monday, American Suzuki announced its 1990 automobile lineup. The Samurai is being de-emphasized, with fewer models and options being offered. Meanwhile, the Sidekick--a squat version of the Samurai with a lower center of gravity, is being offered in several new configurations. As last year, there will be three models of the Swift.
American Suzuki Motor Corp., based in Brea, reorganized its executive suite Monday amid a continuing sales slump.
*Suzuki sold only the Samurai Jan.-August 1988. Other vehicles were introduced later in the year and in 1989.
Nissan Lets 115 Go at U.S. Headquarters : Autos: The shake-up in Carson underscores tough times Japanese car makers are experiencing. Pressure is on others to cut costs too.
Signaling for any doubters that the Industrial Era is over, Fortune magazine has retooled its famous Fortune 500 list to include service companies.
The change--evident in the May 15 issue, which hits newsstands May 1--means that hundreds of manufacturing and other industrial companies can no longer claim to be of Fortune 500 stature, while other breeds of businesses, from AT&T to McDonald's to Wal-Mart, now can.
Fortune attributed the change to fundamental shifts in the U.S. economy that have blurred once easy distinctions between industrial and service companies. General Electric, for instance, got 40% of its nearly $65 billion in revenue last year from service businesses such as mortgage writing and airplane leasing.
"Phone companies compete with broadcasters, software manufacturers offer personal finance services, airlines sell mutual funds, auto makers write insurance," the magazine said.
For four decades, the Fortune 500 listing of the largest U.S. industrial companies--as measured strictly by sales--has been a prestigious club. Many companies have touted the connection in advertising and annual reports.
Fortune began publishing a separate list of non-industrial companies in 1956; that evolved in the early 1980s into a full-scale Service 500, published several weeks after the industrial list. But the ranking of service companies never carried the same cachet.
Times have changed, Fortune editors figured, and financial services giants and retailing behemoths warranted inclusion on a single list with their muscular industrial counterparts.
As it happens, service companies dominate the new list, with 291 entries, including three in the Top 10: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (4), AT&T Corp. (5) and Sears, Roebuck & Co. (9). Even so, General Motors Corp., with $155 billion in sales, again grabbed the top spot, as it has 31 times before.
AT&T praised the change. "With the inclusion of service corporations, we think the new list more accurately reflects the reality of corporate America," the company said in a statement.
As a result of the lists' merger, many well-known companies, including B.F. Goodrich Co. and Clorox Co., no longer made the cut. Last year, the No. 500 position was held by a company with $614 million in revenue. This year, a company needed $2.2 billion in sales to make the grade.
"Certainly, it was great to be included," said David Kaye, a spokesman for Thousand Oaks-based Amgen, the nation's largest biotechnology company. "But they just added a bunch of bigger companies. They kind of changed the rules in the middle of the game."
Clorox, the Oakland-based maker of household products, said the Fortune 500 listing is "not something we dwell on." (On a competing list, the Forbes 500, Clorox did not warrant inclusion based on total sales or assets, but it did measure up on market value and profit margins, which it views as more indicative of strength and performance.)
Ethyl Corp., a Richmond, Va.-based maker of petroleum additives, said it was surprised and disappointed to be among the flock of also-rans, after about 30 years of inclusion on the nation's best-recognized corporate A-list.
"We would mention (the Fortune association) in corporate descriptions where appropriate," said spokesman Robert P. Buford IV. "It had its prestige for a lot of companies over the years."
However, Buford noted, Ethyl does not regard sales as the most important measure of a company's performance. In recent years, the company--like many others--has spun off operations in an effort to become more competitive. As a result, its sales have shrunk by about two-thirds from the $3 billion of three years ago.
By inviting service companies to the Fortune 500 party, the magazine knocked a number of familiar industrial companies off the guest list. Companies needed $2.2 billion in 1994 revenue to make the new list, up from $614 million the previous year. The 10 biggest industrial firms bumped from the list and where they now rank:
Drawing Line on Boss Digging Into Private Life : Security: Corporate spying to curb drug use or in-house theft is widespread in business. Some contend that a right to privacy is violated.
"Vanaja," a film exploring the tensions of the caste system in contemporary rural India, boasts a compelling story on-screen and off.
It tells of a 14-year-old girl who takes on domestic work in the home of a wealthy landlady, both to aid her impoverished, alcoholic father and to fulfill her own dream of mastering the classic art of Kuchipudi dance.
Off camera, "Vanaja" is the work of Columbia University student Rajnesh Domalpalli, the movie's director, who wrote the script for a class and shot the movie mostly with amateurs for his thesis. In India, he says, he battled bureaucracy and the southern Indian region's so-called Tollywood establishment (the Telugu-language version of Bollywood) to unearth performers not jaded by high theatrics.
"Vanaja" can be enjoyed without that background. It's a touching, believable, often funny but ultimately sad tale of how one class can take advantage of another, even in the guise of patronizing benevolence. The cagey, ambitious Vanaja (played with pert humor and empathy by Mamatha Bhukya) slyly wins over the stern landlady (Urmila Dammannagari), who begrudgingly begins to instruct her in classical dance and music.
That Cinderella tale is abruptly interrupted by the return of the landlady's son (Karan Singh), a dumb but handsome would-be politician who rapes Vanaja, unleashing a series of dismal developments and the birth of a baby boy.
Though sometimes shifting abruptly in time, "Vanaja" is an arresting story of modern-day hardship and class exploitation, recalling Charles Dickens as well as Western fairy-tale lore. Domalpalli's settings are ultra-real in detail and color, from the crude, almost feudal deprivations of Vanaja's dirt-floor background to the stately rituals and autocratic entitlement of the well-to-do. Yet, to the movie's credit, Dammannagari's portrait of the landlady includes moments of sympathy and grace.
Heightening the story's fable-like feel are the compelling dance performances, which are presented straightforwardly as rehearsals or concert outings. These provide artistic gloss on the harsh story and a showcase for the fleet-footed, gestural Bhukya, who learned the Kuchipudi art in a crash course in the director's basement.
"Vanaja" also shines with a tapestry of colorful characters, including Vanaja's father, lovable but sad, and her plucky best friend, whose father, a superstitious holy man, looks to his elephant as a psychic arbiter. This is a movie exotic in look but recognizable in truth, the venture of a novice filmmaker very much ready for prime time.
"Vanaja." MPAA rating: unrated. Sexual situations, nudity. In Telugu with English subtitles. Running time: 1 hour, 51 minutes. In selected theaters.
June 09, 2008|Craig J. Nevius | Craig J. Nevius is producing "A Wing and a Prayer," a documentary chronicling Farrah Fawcett's battle with cancer and her efforts to protect her privacy.
The National Enquirer proudly proclaimed a worldwide exclusive on its website on May 16, 2007: "Farrah's Cancer Is Back!" (Please note the excitement and enthusiasm indicated by the exclamation point.) Adjacent to this attention-grabbing headline was an advertisement offering this inducement in bold, colorful type: "GOT GOSSIP? WE'LL PAY BIG BUCKS."
Just 48 hours earlier, actress Farrah Fawcett had received the devastating diagnosis from her doctors at UCLA Medical Center. The Enquirer's story ran before she was able to tell her son or her closest friends about the recurrence. This was, in fact, the second such "scoop" the Enquirer published while Farrah was still in shock from a diagnosis; it had done something similar in October 2006.
I'd worked with Farrah in 2005 when I produced "Chasing Farrah," a reality TV series about her life. But the title took on new meaning when I heard how tabloid reporters and paparazzi were stalking her as she faced this life-threatening illness. In 2007, the paparazzi even ran Farrah's car off the road after she left a doctor's office, as I listened helplessly by cellphone. So I once again began following her everywhere she went -- with my camera -- to capture this invasion of her privacy.
Three tabloid photographers who ambushed Farrah at LAX last Thanksgiving as she departed for Germany to receive alternative cancer treatments didn't seem to think that this turnabout was fair play. They scuttled away like cockroaches under a bright light when I aimed my video camera at them.
Reporter Alan Smith, however, came across as more aggressive -- like a rat going after whatever morsel it believes it can make into a meal. The star reporter of the Enquirer (whose byline appeared on dozens of stories about Farrah's medical condition) was so confident that he allowed me to record a telephone conversation we had about the coverage.
I expressed my belief that he and his newspaper took one confirmed truth (such as Farrah's cancer diagnosis) and then used it as the foundation to build numerous lies, such as Farrah having a hysterectomy, suffering from shingles and losing her eyesight and her hair -- just to name a few.
Smith's response was no ringing endorsement of his or the Enquirer's journalistic integrity: "I'm not responsible for everything that's in the paper" was followed by "other reporters do have input" and that old, reliable standby, "I'm only as good as my sources."
Marc Rupp, general counsel for Enquirer parent American Media Inc., defended the tabloid's coverage of Farrah's illness much more vigorously when he replied to a demand for a retraction from her lawyers, who outlined the tabloid's inaccuracies, some of which I mentioned above. Rupp cited "exceptional sources directly in a position to know the information reported."
As it turns out, one exceptional source may have been Lawanda Jackson, an administrative specialist at UCLA Medical Center who has since been indicted by a federal grand jury for allegedly violating medical privacy laws. According to the indictment, Jackson accessed Farrah's medical records and sold information from them to an unnamed media outlet (which the Los Angeles Times later reported was, indeed, the National Enquirer) for $4,600 or more.
What makes this revelation all the more disturbing is the fact that, if the tabloid truly was in possession of Farrah's medical records, wouldn't it have known that much of what it was reporting were lies?
The Enquirer and the Globe, another American Media tabloid, refused to print an apology or retraction for their false stories -- which was all Farrah asked for at the time. Cameron Stracher, senior media counsel for American Media, replied with a letter stating that even if the tabloids were incorrect in their reporting of "some details" of Farrah's condition, the "gist" of their reporting was accurate. I suppose that what Stracher means is that cancer is the "gist" -- and "details" about hysterectomies, shingles, blindness and baldness are not really worth confirming, let alone retracting.
With UCLA Medical Center under intense scrutiny for the breach of at least 61 patients' medical records, and Jackson facing arraignment today, perhaps it is time to take a closer look at the role tabloids may play in such crimes. In a letter to U.S. Atty. Thomas P. O'Brien on April 30, Farrah put it this way: "It is my personal belief that what Lawanda Jackson is most guilty of is being a pawn. She worked in a hospital system that did not provide strong enough deterrents to stop their employees from breaching their patients' medical records -- which made it all the easier for the tabloids to financially induce her to invade my privacy as well as the privacy of others."
MONTICELLO — The Jefferson County School Board, in a hastily called special meeting Wednesday afternoon, voted to create a new assistant principal's position at the county's only high school in an effort to end a black boycott of county schools.
Nearly two-thirds of all students -- 1,300 of 2,141 -- in Monticello stayed home Wednesday, the first day of school.
Black parents decided at a meeting Wednesday night that they would permit their children to attend school today because of the school board's action.
The parents were angry about the replacement of a black administrator with a white at Jefferson County High School. They said the boycott was the only way to get the school board's attention.
All three of the county's schools -- Jefferson County Elementary School, Howard Middle School and the high school -- had more students absent than present Wednesday. The schools are from 63 percent to 70 percent black. All are in Monticello, about 25 miles northeast of Tallahassee.
The boycott saddened both black and white educators who have pointed proudly in recent years to high scores on state assessment tests. The scores have drawn national media attention and awards from state officials. The boycott also broke a tradition of harmonious race relations in the schools that dates to desegregation in 1970.
''Nobody teaches blacks better than Jefferson County,'' said Kelly Kilpatrick, principal of the 560-student high school. ''Ninety-seven percent of our blacks are passing state assessment tests, compared with a 53 percent state average. Where are the kids in all of this? Let's talk about what's best for the kids. I cannot think of anything that's justified to keep kids out of school.''
''People who attack this high school might as well attack my family,'' he said. ''If I hadn't been fair and just with the black students, I wouldn't have survived.''
Though most black parents say they aren't unhappy with Kilpatrick, it is clear his influence has made some blacks uncomfortable.
''It looks like they're making children sour toward their parents, sour to their neighborhoods,'' said Dressie Mae Sloan, a lifelong Jefferson County resident who helped organize the boycott. ''They the children say what the principal says, what the white man says.''
Blacks believe Kilpatrick's assistant should be black. Kilpatrick thinks so too, and that's the way things were until July when Assistant Principal Pink Hightower was promoted to principal at the middle school.
With board endorsement, school Superintendent Stephen ''Hoot'' Walker replaced Hightower with a white woman who previously had been a teacher at the high school.
''The way they're working it now, they're pushing the blacks out,'' said Willie Olliver, a nursery company employee and father of four children who stayed home Wednesday. ''My oldest boy plays football and he is upset about missing practice, but we want things straightened out.''
Marie Gamble, whose two grandchildren stayed home, said she has never seen such racial tension in Jefferson County.
''This is the worst situation we've ever been in,'' Gamble said. ''There's never been anything like this. The blacks feel like since we've got more blacks in the school we ought to have a black assistant principal.''
Hightower said he can't recall previous racial problems in Jefferson County schools. ''There's never been too much trouble. Even with integration, this was an easy county,'' he said. ''Here we are, 15 years later, and this is happening.''
Black parents complained repeatedly to Walker during the summer and he asked the school board to create a second assistant principal's position at the high school that presumably would be filled by a black.
The board met Monday to consider the proposal but couldn't vote because only 2 of 5 members attended. Blacks then announced the boycott, which has a major economic impact on the county because school districts receive money from the state based on the number of students in school each day.
There is no guarantee a black will be hired for the position created by the board, but members said that is their intention. Walker said he hopes to fill the job by the first week of September.
The issue has been monitored since July by the U.S. Justice Department and also has drawn the interest of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
Black administrators and teachers are sympathetic to the concerns of black parents, and some of them come close to condoning the boycott.
''I'm in the business of educating students and I'm sick today because our students are out of school. But I know the reason why and I can't say I'm against it,'' said Rosa Sloan, principal at Jefferson County Elementary School. ''Suppose I had a little boy at that school and he wanted to be a principal. There's no way, from what he can see.''
Hightower said it is essential to have a black administrator at the high school. ''It just makes for more harmony and it creates a more positive attitude on the part of all the students,'' he said.
The children affected by the boycott played in yards and streets Wednesday. ''I don't know the real reason for this, but it's got something to do with the school board,'' said Alvin Teat, a 16-year-old 10th grader.
shallow water near the shore of Lake Ashby while his family prepared for a picnic about noon Friday.
Trappers continued to search the rural Volusia County lake early today for signs of the alligator they think grabbed the New Smyrna Beach boy. The trappers plan to kill and inspect any alligator more than 8 feet long.
Adam's mother, Lorri Ann Binford, 31, told officials she didn't see an alligator but said her son disappeared in ''a big splash.''
''She said, 'I just saw a big splash,' and she knows her son couldn't have made that big a splash, so she is assuming it was an alligator,'' Volusia County Fire Services spokeswoman Elizabeth Glasgow said.
Lt. Joy Hill of the Florida Game and Fresh Water Fish Commission said an alligator attack is possible because gators would have been attracted to the dog. It was unharmed.
''We caution people not to walk their dogs at the edge of the water because dogs are about the same size as an alligator's natural prey,'' Hill said. Signs at the park warn that bringing animals into the water is prohibited by state and county regulations.
If confirmed, this would be the first alligator attack at Lake Ashby park, a 64-acre county property in rural Volusia, and the eighth alligator-related death in Florida since 1948. There were two nuisance complaints at the lake in 1996, but no one was hurt.
The Binford family - Lorri Ann, three children and two dogs - came to the park for a quiet afternoon, enjoying tacos at a picnic table.
Once Adam vanished, Binford, son Evan, 8, and a cousin, Cassidy, 9, searched the water but couldn't find any trace of Adam.
The mother sent the two children running to a pay phone in the parking lot while she continued to look. Binford told officials that Adam doesn't know how to swim.
After receiving the 911 call at 12:43 p.m., emergency workers were dispatched to the 3,200-acre lake.
Sheriff's Office divers, a Volusia Beach Patrol member on a water scooter and officers with the game and fish commission combed the 7-foot-deep lake.
Wildlife Officer Mike Thomas said alligator attacks against humans are rare. He added that March is the beginning of the mating season and the reptiles may be establishing their territory.
Thomas said the alligator population at Lake Ashby is too small to allow hunting during the fall season, but it is difficult to estimate the population.
CAPE CANAVERAL -- A NASA solar probe is expected to blast off this week on a dramatic mission to catch some rays.
Not only will the $164 million Genesis spacecraft collect samples of our sun's solar wind, it will bring them home to scientists. The project will mark the first time extraterrestrial material has been returned from beyond the moon.
The goal of Genesis is to shed light on the solar system's makeup and evolution. Scientists suspect the solar wind still contains the same basic ingredients that formed our star and planets.
"This is the best and most complete picture that we will get," said Meenakshi Wadhwa, a cosmochemist at Chicago's Field Museum. "Having the actual composition will have a tremendous impact on our understanding because it will let us ascertain how good or not so good our assumptions have been."
The basic assumption by most astronomers is that an ancient solar nebula -- a giant swirling cloud of dust and gas -- gave birth to our sun and planets about 4.5 billion years ago. As the primordial cloud began to spin and flatten, our sun formed at the center. Smaller bits of material lumped together farther out to form the planets.
Distribution of elements throughout the solar system was far from uniform, however. Today, the planets range from small, rocky worlds such as Earth to massive gas giants such as Jupiter and Saturn. Exactly how those differences evolved remains a mystery.
Researchers think a sort of fossil record exists of the original solar nebula that might provide some answers. The sun accounts for more than 99 percent of the mass of our solar system. However, bits of our star's outer atmosphere or corona constantly are being spit into space. The resulting stream of charged atoms -- the solar wind -- contains the same mix of elements found in the sun's surface layers. That mix is thought to mirror the contents of the solar nebula.
"Until we actually have a sample of the sun we can analyze in our laboratories with high precision and get some very precise chemical information, we cannot be sure of the exact composition," Wadhwa said. "Genesis will fill a fundamental gap in that knowledge."
Genesis was scheduled to begin its mission with a liftoff this afternoon aboard a Delta 2 rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. However, NASA managers decided late Sunday to delay the launch for at least 24 hours to review a potential technical issue. Liftoff has been tentatively reset for Tuesday at 12:32 p.m.
Once in space, the compact-car-sized probe will make a three-month trek to a spot about 930,000 miles from Earth where our planet's atmosphere and magnetic field won't contaminate the samples.
Genesis will use five round collecting panels -- each about the size of a bicycle wheel -- to capture the particles.
The panels consist of 55 small hexagonal tiles made of pure materials such as silicon, sapphire, gold and artificial diamonds. As the solar wind zips through space at speeds up to 1.4 million mph, tiny chemical traces will hit the tiles and become embedded.
Two and a half years of sunbathing are expected to yield a science bounty weighing no more than several grains of salt. But the sampling should contain every element found naturally in the solar system. By comparing elements' abundance in the solar wind, researchers hope to fine-tune models of how planets formed and materials were distributed.
While Genesis' solar-wind study will be the most detailed ever, it won't be the first. Astronauts on five Apollo moon landings briefly deployed primitive solar-wind-collection devices made from strips of aluminum foil mounted on poles. Five NASA spacecraft are studying the sun and solar wind as well. But those probes are limited by the capabilities of their instruments.
"By bringing the material back, we can turn loose all of the analytical firepower of terrestrial laboratories," said Donald Burnett, a researcher at the California Institute of Technology and the project's principal scientist.
After a roundabout five-month voyage back to Earth, Genesis is scheduled to make its dramatic homecoming Sept. 8, 2004. The five collection panels will fold up inside a return capsule jettisoned just before the probe hits Earth's atmosphere. While the main craft burns up over the Pacific, the heat-resistant capsule will descend toward a desolate military test range in the Utah desert.
Scientists want to avoid jarring the delicate samples with a thump-down on Earth. So a helicopter will hook the capsule's parachute in midair and gently lower the capsule to the ground.
Within hours after landing, the samples will be transported to the same facility at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston where moon rocks are stored. There, scientists likely will spend decades poring over the minute bits of sun.
"The Genesis sample, when it's recovered in 2004, will actually be the first returned sample in almost three decades since the lunar samples in the 1970s," researcher Wadhwa said. "There is a whole new generation of planetary scientists with their new generation of analytical equipment who are extremely eager."
In a major boost for U.S. power in international sports, a Los Angeles business leader was elected vice president of the IOC on Wednesday and America's top Olympic official was chosen as a committee member.
James Easton, whose company makes aluminum baseball bats and arrows, easily won the vice presidency over Canada's Paul Henderson, 52-32. Easton's new position returns a U.S. member to the IOC's powerful executive board.
IOC officials said Easton's election was based on both his personal qualities and the desire to have an American voice on the board.
Russian cross-country skier Natalia Baranova was tossed from the Winter Games for testing positive for the endurance-boosting hormone EPO. The Russian, who turns 27 the day after the Games end, tested positive in an out-of-competition test on Jan. 18 at Tauplitzalm, Austria, said the International Ski Federation. EPO, or erythropoietin, boosts production of oxygen-carrying red blood cells.
The cost of a seat for the opening ceremony at the Salt Lake City Games: $885. The cost of a warm seat: priceless.
Mitt Romney, president of the Salt Lake City Organizing Committee, warned that Friday night's frozen festivities will leave any unprepared attendees shivering in the stands of Rice-Eccles Stadium.
"I doubt one person will say, `I wore too much clothing to the Opening Ceremony,' " Romney told a news conference where he displayed insulated rubber boots, gloves bearing the Salt Lake Olympic logo and long underwear. Even that may not be enough, he warned: "We're strongly encouraging people to buy two sets of long underwear."
KNOX - David A. Michel, 44, died Monday in his home after an illness. Survivors include his wife, Carla; two daughters, Emily and Lindsay Michel, both of Knox; a son, Ryan; his mother, Shirley Michel of Decatur, Ala.; and two brothers, Michael of Texas and James of Decatur. Services will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday in Rannells Funeral Home, Hamlet Chapel, where friends may call from 5 to 8 p.m. Thursday, 4 to 8 p.m. Friday, and one hour before services Saturday.
MISHAWAKA - Joy A. Horvat, 84, died Tuesday in Rosewood Terrace, Elkhart, of natural causes. Survivors include a son, Paul of Mishawaka; and a son, Paul of Mishawaka; and a sister, Kimberly Eberd of California. Services will be at 1:30 p.m. Friday in St. Monica Catholic Church. Friends may call from 9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday in Hahn Funeral Home.
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl JenniferJay here. I'm 20 year old Female speak English in the ebony live sex chat action. Sexy crazy funny chick,after pleasure all the time i love to be watched while im getting wild n crazy for you and ahhh i love to watch you being all naughty with me,once u get in my room u r mine and i ll do all my best to complish all of your fantasies!. i m an open minded person,sexy devilish naughty baby,i can say i m a pleasure to all,i enjoy all sorts of fun within rules,i m all real(real as my hot pvt shows thats why most of them says..U R THE BEST :P)sense of humor ahh a gr8 quality..i love to laugh,with you and sometimes at you :D:D:D. High heels, toys,, deepthroat, pantyhose, stockings, roleplay, domination and the list may continue :P is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Brown hairs and my measurements are 37-24-32. For Turn ons: mmmmmm i can be turned so easily,i wanna know what turns you on your deepest desires n you got me,i love when u take control makes me lose my head(spanking hair pulling sometimes:P)once turned on i m unstopable and i can cum so many times u wont belive!!!and you..hmm u dont leave unfinished baby :). For TurnsOff: ohh that would be a shame,hardly u cant turn me off just be what i girl wants you to be nice and respectful be a gentelman,be polite n dont be just a peaky say a hi a bye and eventually a thanx lol:p. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl SexxyKimx here. I'm 29 year old Female speak English in the ebony live sex chat action. I`m a sexy new host who wants to play with you. I am a very nice and sexy girl. Striptease is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Blonde hairs and my measurements are 33-22-33. For Turn ons: nice people. For TurnsOff: rude people. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
One of the trickiest parts about saving money is that achieving the goal can seem so far off. It’s hard to motivate yourself when you think about how long it will take to pay off a large debt, save up for a big vacation or put away enough money for retirement. But when you look at things through a realistic lens, it’s much easier to see those goals turn into a reality. If you’re trying to set a financial goal for the future, use these tips to increase your chances of success.
A key to avoiding those savings hiccups that you’ve experienced in the past is to look back at mistakes you’ve already made. This can require going back from past banking statements, looking at old receipts or simply remembering some financial movies you’re less than proud of.
For example, maybe you didn’t plan well for the holidays last year and ended up spending $800 on gifts instead of the usual $400. That’s something that you could plan for in advance to avoid in the coming year. Another example is a misuse of your tax refund. Maybe you got $1,200 back last year but you can’t even remember what you used it for. Such a large windfall should be put to good use, so this year, you can plan to put that money aside for one of your financial goals before it even arrives. Looking back at your money mistakes is a great way to avoid them in the future and stay on track with your current financial goals.
Things like paying off debt and saving for retirement are often framed in terms of years or even decades. While that may be how long it will take to get the job done, it’s hard to get motivated when you think about your financial goals in such broad terms. That’s why you should put your goals in incremental stages to not only add to your motivation, but also to encourage success and maybe even meet your goals more quickly. Here’s an example of how to do it when you have a large debt to pay off:
First, look at the goal from the long-term perspective. Use a debt calculator to see how long it will take to pay off your debt. Imagine that it says that it will take you 10 years of paying $200/month to pay it off.
Next, break that down into monthly goals. Instead of just settling for the $200 figure, why not add your own goal to slowly increase your payments each month? So now, you’ll start at $200, then pay $205 the next month, $210 the month after that, and so on. It’s only $5 (an amount that’s easy to spare), but by the end of one year, you’ll be paying $255 per month.
Recalculate your debt. Go back to the debt calculator to see how much time you’ve saved off your debt repayment by slowing increasing your monthly payment amount.
Continue with your monthly goals. If your budget it starting to get tight, you can make a goal to increase your payment by just $2 each month from then on. You’re still cutting back on the time to repay your debt with each small monthly increase.
Due to the fact that you can watch your repayment timeline shrink, this modest monthly goal makes it much more motivating to make those payments. Plus, you won’t be stuck in debt as long and you’ll even pay money by saving on interest you would have paid with a long repayment period.
Visualizing your financial progress beyond just looking at numbers is a great way to set financial goals you can actually achieve. For instance, if you want to purchase a home, you could plot out how much you’ll need for a down payment and closing costs. Put that number on a timeline with a monthly savings goal that will allow you to get there in a timeframe you prefer. You can make charts, graphs and other tools that allow you to watch as your savings progresses. If your savings slow down, it will be visible on the chart, giving you more motivation double-down on your savings efforts. And if you do well with your monthly savings goals, you’ll see the charts climb and get even more excited to save as you goal gets closer and closer.
You don’t have to make your financial goal charts by hand, although that’s certainly an option. Many banks offer a similar feature on their website, or you can download an app like Mint to view your progress online. Choose the tracking method that works best for you and watch as your financial goals get closer on the graphs.
If you’re ready to achieve some financial goals this year, simply take your long-term goals and turn them into achievable monthly feats. The more you accomplish, the more motivated you’ll be to make your financial fantasy into a reality.
Sotheby's: Islamic Works of Art, Carpets and Textiles - London - Wednesday 15th October 1986 at 10 am and 2.30 pm
The Christian Oriental Carpet. A Presentation of its Development, Iconologically and Iconographically, from its Beginnings to the 18th Century
Two individuals are facing sex crime charges after being indicted and processed at the Roane County jail yesterday.
58-year-old David Wayne Treadway of Rockwood was arrested for sexual battery by an authority figure. The indictment states Treadway had sexual contact with a minor between the age of 13 and 18 while he was in a position of trust.
43-year-old Jasson Dewayne King faces sexual exploitation of a minor. Court records state King was in possession of over 100 images that included a minor engaged in sexual activity. King was arrested at a Clifty Street residence in Harriman. His bond was initially set at $20,000.
Airport Anxiety-Try a K-9 Solution. Every traveler has their worst flight stories. My two personal favorites:
The “flight to nowhere”. On a past business trip, I flew one hour to New York, circled for one hour and because of bad weather, flew back one hour to Washington, DC. In my three hour “trip”, my foot never touched terra firma until I was once more back where I started!
-5 countries in 18 hours. Heading solo to Slovenia to sightsee and ski, on arrival in Zurich, I learned my connection was cancelled. Not to worry, I could be flown to Germany. As I arrived in Germany, I looked longingly as my next flight taxied down the runway, once again without me! No worries I was told, I could be flown to Austria...
Holidays for Solo Travelers: Fun Facts and Solo Destinations: I know you may still be enjoying languid summer days at the beach. However, it is never too early to plan ahead for the next set of holidays. No one wants to be “Home Alone for the Holidays”! Some destinations like ski resorts book one year ahead. The reason? Many people return each year to the same spot for Christmas and New Year’s. So now is the time to dust off your bucket list, and make a plan for the holidays.
One of the really interesting facts is that all around the world, people have very different ways of celebrating special occasions...
Reminders: If download link doesn't work, make sure to try another download link. Kiniro no Corda: Blue♪Sky Returner subbed episode listing is located at the bottom of this page.
Two of these were submissions, one I found from a SXSW 2012 torrent and the other was a musician I’m following on soundcloud. Mashup Monday featuring Chase & Status, N4S, Spintelect and Landon Hayes commences below. (more…)
August 11th, 2011 by Burnout | Before Bigs Exclusive, Daily Mix, Dance, Guest Mix, Hip-Hop/Rap, House, Mashup, Pop, Remix |
Hey everyone, I’m Matt (burnout) and I will be posting some amazing party playlists for all of you. I am a DJ (check me out HERE) so I want to share some awesome music for all your listening pleasures. Today I present to you, DJ Burnout‘s Summer Playlist; a 2-part playlist of 15 Summer Jams each that’ll keep you partying way after Summer ends. Here’s the tracklisting for part 1, 15 tracks that’ll guarantee many eargasms!
I created a 30 minute continuous mix that takes snippet’s of all the songs above. Let’s call this the pre-game mix and sampler for the party playlist you download below.
Earlier this week Chase & Status and Tinie Tempah released the official music video to “Hitz”. Today was the first time I heard of this dope collaboration and after hearing the song a couple times, I think it’s a solid collaboration but just shows that more people need to work with the talented duo Chase & Status. Here’s “Hitz”.
I don’t like much dubstep but here’s a few I have heard in the last couple months that I particularly enjoy.
First Draper remixes one of my favorite Strange Talk songs, “Climbing Walls“. There really isn’t a whole lot of dubstep in this but rather a mix of electronic sounds that take the original in another direction.
Adventure Club remixes Brand New‘s “Daisy” and shows his dubstep skills. I look forward to more remixes from Adventure Club.
Heard this a few months back, Jay-Z “Big Pimpin'” dubstep remix from SUBshockers. It’s really heavy on dubstep but I love the original so I had to put this on.
Lastly a remix many of you might hate me for blogging about. I found a dubstep remix to Rebecca Black‘s “Friday”. The song is too catchy its contagious so I’m sorry for infecting you with the Rebecca Black virus but hopefully this dubstep remixes finally get’s the song out of your system.
Chase & Status are an electro duo who hail from London, UK. It consists of Saul “Chase” Milton and Will “Status” Kennard. The duo have a very unique electronic/pop sound to their music and have quite catchy tracks. They have actually been quite popular in England for a while and currently have over 3,000 fans on their facebook page. They are just now starting to become mainstream. I actually just heard them on XM radio the other day. Their first album, More Than Alot, debuted in the UK album charts at number 49 on October 19, 2008. Since then they have been up to a lot with tours all over England and many other parts of Europe. They just released their second album, No More Idols, on January 31st and it’s a good one. Expect a lot from this electro duo in the near future. In the meantime, enjoy two of my favorite tracks by them “Streetlife” (featuring Takura) and “End Credits” (featuring Plan B).
To hear more music and learn more about Chase & Status, check out their official site and become a fan on facebook and twitter pages.
BEFORE THE BIGS is about providing you with the best up-and-coming musicians while assisting their efforts to break into mainstream. We feature artists and their music from a variety of genres including hip-hop, indie/alternative, rock, pop mashups, and electronica/remixes.
All mp3s are for promotional purposes only. If you believe a song has been wrongfully acquired and posted please contact us at BeforeBigs@gmail.com
Taking care of your skin is something that does not take a lot of time, but will make a huge difference when it comes to your appearance. This article will give you the best skin care advise that there is. Use the tips to make your skin have that healthy glow everyone is looking for.
Your skin can say quite a bit about your diet. If you have a poor diet, it will generally show through your skin. Makes sure you have a diet that consists of fresh produce, whole grains, and lean proteins. Also try adding supplements like vitamin C and consuming lower fats and carbs.
Skin care is one of those things that many people do not think of until it is too late to repair much of the damage that has been done over the years. If you take the time each day to care for your skin, you will be pleased with the appearance of it for many years.
Squinting is one of the leading contributors to crow’s feet and deep wrinkles in the eye area. You can help prevent these wrinkles by avoiding squinting as much as possible. One easy way to accomplish this is by wearing sunglasses on sunny days. Additionally, if you have poor vision, keep you prescription up to date for your eyeglasses or contacts so you don’t have to squint to see distant objects.
Any steps taken to improve your skin now will add many years to your youthful appearance. Your skin will look much healthier and younger, even as you age. This article will help you have great looking skin and will help you to keep it for a long time.
For great skin care after you wash your face correctly you should use a exfoliant. Find the correct one for your skin type and try to get a granular one. That way it can help scrub off your dead skin cells and help to smooth the rough areas on your face which ca help your lotion work better.
Good skin care is just as vital as your overall body health. A lot of people do not have the knowledge to take care of their skin. In the following article, you will find out what to do to keep your skin looking great.
One of the best things you can do to protect your skin is to make sure you always use sunscreen when outdoors, even on a cloudy day. Sunscreen keeps the damaging UV rays produced by the sun from causing wrinkles. Many sunscreens also contain moisturizing agents, allowing them to serve two purposes at once.
Taking care of your skin doesn’t have to be a difficult task. There are many simple steps that you can take each day to have a glowing complexion and healthy skin all over. It is a matter of setting time aside each day, just a few minutes is enough. Follow some of the tips in this article for healthy and glowing skin.
A good tip for skin care is to limit your exposure to sunlight. By limiting your exposure to the sun, you lower your chances of getting skin cancer, and your skin won’t age as fast. Overexposure to sunlight causes free radical damage to the skin cells which results in premature aging of the skin.
If you want to avoid wrinkles, age spots and a number of other skin issues, you may want to think twice about spending a day sun Read More »
The nutrients that are taken by our organism from the products we consume influence our skin health. That’s why you should pay closer attention to what Read More »
Sleep is a much more important thing for our health than we think. It both influences our mind and skin. There are various ways that sleep Read More »
There are several rules that should be known by everyone, who is taking care of one’s health. They are related to our skin health in general Read More »
Dermatologists claim that there are many different rules that define how to look great. Some of them are pretty obvious, like a need for wearing a Read More »
acne also avoid beautiful better body can care damage day diet drink dry every face get great hands healthy help keep little look make makeup many moisturizer oil one organ products skin skin care skin care tips. skin care. sleep smoking sun sunscreen sure take use using warm water will
As a matter of urgency, kindly let me know if you can handle and invest the sum of Twenty Five Million United States Dollars (US$25 million) in your country or elsewhere.
The fund is presently kept secured somewhere in the United Kingdom. I shall give you further details on this fund and the process to hand it over to you when I get a positive response from you.
If you can sincerely handle this pending my meeting with you, kindly forward your following details to me for documentation and the fund transfer.
· Modalidades del radiocontrol: Coches, Aviones, Helicópteros, Barcos, Tanques, Camiones, cual elijo?
Just like a bouquet of flowers or maybe a pack of chocolates, a set of rings is usually amongst the most popular signs of love if you have a guy gives to a lady. It also is the longevity of jewelry in comparison to the other aforementioned indicators of love so that it numerous, and it’s also possibly used by maried people being indicator of their devotion and perseverance for each other.
Earliest, consider if it’s all about intimacy using this person. This means that for everybody who is only sleeping with him excessive appears to be zero real commitment you stop. Just stop to find if perhaps he still pursues some sort or other of link with you will or not. If not, and why not be just becomes sexually frustrated consequently it’s possibly who was virtually all if was first ready.
My advise for you relating to the you must accomplish is to complete in accordance with the complete opposite of what will you be sensing at this moment. Thinking about calling he or she today? Don’t! Are you thinking of keeping property hours to indulge yourself in misery? Don’t! Instead, it’s best to comply with these 3 simple nonetheless effective steps and you’ll surely have the response to the ancient issue of “How do I purchase your ex-lover back with my ex? ”
mail order wives – check here: https://wifenow.net > Bearing that in mind, it truly is a great choice to transport apart on having sexual intercourse at first of the rapport. The physical connection and wish to fulfill the various sexually takes your place emphasis far from bonding emotionally. It is the emotional link who creates some relationship solid, so delay sex for a long time which means your center remains contained in the correct place.
#3. Build a friendship. A relationship certainly is the thing that the relationship must be assembled on. It is this bond that will make it through coarse and thin. While making your solidarity may not be convenient it will be important if you would like all you have to possess longevity. Consider becoming anybody they’re able to confide in. Share yourself with him. Spend cheerful times by means of him. And be open and hones. This is the the majority sensible thing that you can do for the bond although it may possibly need time frame it can be value the cost.
The ultimate goal in most passionate scenarios gets the girl. If your perception of this is getting in excess of during intercourse, in a romance, or using a engagement ring being with her hand, methods for getting the woman is amongst the most standard beginning point. You will get suggestions, whether it be solicited or not, coming from family, friends, magazines, that name it, it’s everywhere you go. This subject usually generates tips inundation at probably her highest levels. Who do you take note on? What was needed to this age old from the above mentioned combined with in the final, yourself.
Any signs to name your one-sided affair may be split up into a few broad categories. One is the case where by they openly establish they are simply in no way interested. And the second some may be any cruel lawsuit where they often flirt slightly, then again i am not saying they are really crazy about most people. Let us talk your initial court case. In this case, not replying on your phones or messages, flirting by means of someone else while in front of you, not really delivering undivided attention, conversing with you relating to crushes on others, etc . do understand cut and full proof signs that cupid have not stricken them. Now visiting any not-so-easy-to-understand case. This is the situation where by they will act really mushy and peachy around, however deep inside, they are sole flirting that may be nothing at all serious. Find out if they will behave in the same way online sites too. Complete they love other folks in the same way these benefit most people? Do they provide undivided attention once in a corporation? As well consider the views from honest and dependable friends. This may be incredibly risky, which can be usually possible they are simply nonetheless hesitant for the process they feel about yourself. So the easiest plus the end decision is must them. Speak to them nose to nose about how precisely you really feel and enquire of these individuals how they will think on you.
Idea 2 – To avoid keeping the proceedings lengthy finished any stretch out of time you must retain things when fundamental as likely. Although you may find it difficult don’t fight everywhere that this girl raises, but let go of some of those small matters which actually aren’t will be coming from a money to most people. Not only will the surfaces discover keen that you are to look at important things nevertheless will make certain that the divorce is finalized more promptly.
The thing that makes a provider unstoppable? Will it be education, ability or range of products? Is it again all-natural creativity? Uncover precisely what people achieve unstoppable success inside your sales. In corporate, there will be constantly a handful about folks who suffer from the actual most ideal title. It isn’t the headline associated with BOSS. It’s not actually the one for CFO. No. It’s some completely unique a higher standard respect. Is it doesn’t heading of utmost respect: “Unstoppable. micron In recent months, My spouse and i questioned some sales and profits specialist exactly who deserved that label. If you have long dreamed of a new additional income, then you will receive free casino games download. The woman with poor pertaining to your ex ability. For that reason much therefore the fact that she asked me to help keep the girl name top secret. However, your woman agreed that will let me share what I figured out about your girlfriend secret to be successful. My speculate can be you’ve got a good large production, toss or maybe celebration returning up. You should achieve prime results. And you don’t include the luxurious with doing ‘OK’ or ‘so-so. ‘ Make it job. That’s the reason I know you can break away this including pub peanuts which includes a chilled sip. At this point many of us move. As i sought after about him / her success, the lady told me personally all these 2 succeeding secrets and techniques. one Implement What we Have Do you do your foremost perform? “Use precisely what you have-from your all natural strengths to tools open to them. Here’s typically the quote I did on this walls: “Your top job is normally the manifestation about on your own. Currently, people may not become the very best during that, however when you perform it, if you’re the just skilled. very well -Frank Gehry That is certainly uplifting. Purely natural benefits are generally one of a kind back to you. That’s the elegance. If everyone use actually good in, you may turn into the pro at remaining you. You’re the only skilled on you. For anyone who is feeling along or get doubtful, keep in mind this. Also, use anything is in grip. So i’m continually employing artistic storytelling to simplify creative ideas in addition to help persons solve problems. But at times you’re within the restaurant. There’s certainly no whiteboard. So , use the things you have. Discussion on some sort of paper napkin. Attract on the menu. When you include not write together with, show your own report through visual examples and also metaphors. Use props along with objects towards describe your story. A person wouldn’t consider what anyone will be able to illustrate, applying sodium along with spice up shakers seeing that props! inches two . Tune in For being a Hawk What is your almost all important competency? “Listening. Prospects love to be able to talk about what’s really going if they carry out, listen just like a hawk. They provide you with clues. Ideas about just what exactly matters a good number of for them. Signals as to what that they desire together with anxiety. Utilize all their terms, important in addition to tips to acquire treatments. Persons are always giving ideas. If these people talk, truth be told there is a great deal of information. As long as they don’t discussion, then an individual must pay attention a tad bit more tightly. The definition of many people indicating utilizing their deal with, expression, control and mannerisms? What ideas are people furnishing you with in what they could be recycled saying? Not long ago i was part of a great seminar. Whilst some men and women weren’t saying much, numerous other men and women have been spilling their whole guts. That it was interesting. As i come to understand a lot more within the arrives, in the particular hallway, on dinners in addition to in the very lobbies as compared to I did while in the formal trips. Possibly be on the main lookout meant for clues. Take the capsules anywhere you see them. Working with clients is like putting jointly a huge jigsaw marvel. Everyone may not really start to see the whole graphic. An individual have so that you can bumble along assembling the main items because you visit. ” a few. Let Many others Take Credit rating What’s ended up the govt thing to learn? “Not acquiring credit pertaining to ideas. Herbal legal smoking buds learned to leave other people make credit standing. I just have a tendency need in order to be in often the limelight. With fact, everyone is a total lot more joyful if these people feel suggestions are their own. And that will not hurt us you tad. As i don’t need to run all around professing ownership-not as soon as a method is operating, people are interested in addition to the drinks are moving forward. The goal can be to work with each other and create anything marvelous. The idea might tone too fundamental. But everyone wants to glance very good. In selling, advisory and promoting, help people look really good. Now let them some go further than that. Aid them look great. It’s a quick formula but it performs. ” Accomplish you would like to attain exceptional sales success? Use most of these 3 as well as you’ll soon enough deserve the main title of everyone in attendancee: “Unstoppable. lunch break Read even more:
Features that make a vendor unstoppable? Is that it education, ability or portfolio? Is the item normal abilitie? Find out specifically what many people achieve easy success inside your sales. In operation, there will be at all times some handful connected with individuals who have the most preferred title. It’s not at all the subject about TOP DOG. It’s not typically the one regarding CFO. No. It’s the full numerous degree of value. Is it doesn’t title the most value: “Unstoppable. lunch break In recent months, My partner and i questioned a good income expert who deserved this unique concept. The woman with poor about her proficiency. Therefore much hence of which she asked me to be able to keep the girl name private. However, your lover agreed that will please let me promote things i learned about him / her secret to be successful. My suppose is definitely an individual has got a significant display, field or possibly celebration arriving up. You ought to achieve leading results. And also you don’t have got the luxurious involving doing ‘OK’ or ‘so-so. ‘ You really it job. That’s precisely why I recognize likely to cause breaking upwards these insights similar to tavern walnuts by using a frosty take in. Here all of us head out. After asked about him / her success, she told my family these kind of 2 earning tricks. 1 . Employ The things you Include How will you undertake your do the job? “Use what you have-from your all natural strengths towards tools taking place. Here’s the particular quote I have on the retaining wall: “Your most effective give good results is normally the manifestation with all by yourself. Currently, everyone may not necessarily as the ideal in that, however when you perform it, you aren’t the basically expert. alone -Frank Gehry Gowns uplifting. All natural skills usually are different to you. That’s the magnificence. If anyone use actually good from, you can turn into the pro at simply being you. You are the simply pro from you. In case you are feeling lower or get doubtful, bear in mind this. Also, use whichever is for present. I’m just continually utilizing visible storytelling in order to ease tips together with help people solve issues. But in some cases you’re within a restaurant. Body fat whiteboard. Therefore use that which you have. Théatre on a napkin. Attract at a restaurant. In the event that you include not publish together with, talk about your own storyline using aesthetic articles and metaphors. Employ props and also goods to be able to describe your personal story. A person wouldn’t imagine what a person can easily illustrate, implementing sodium in addition to spice up shakers when props! alone charge cards Pay attention Being a Hawk What is your the majority of important technique? “Listening. Clientele love for you to look at precisely what likely whenever they complete, listen being a hawk. Supplies clues. Indications about precisely what matters a good number of in their mind. Observations by what some people wish in addition to worry. Make use of most of their text, terms and even ideas to create options. Individuals are constantly giving indicators. If people talk, right now there is tons of information. When they don’t chat, then a person must tune in more very closely. Precisely what these people announcing having their point, expression, control and nonverbal communication? What observations are they will offering you with what they are not saying? Not long ago i was portion of a significant discussion. While some consumers weren’t saying much, lots of other people today was pouring their very own guts. That it was interesting. My partner and i realized much more in the pops, in often the hall, on meals along with in often the lobbies compared to I do inside the conventional workout. Become on the actual lookout regarding clues. Take them anywhere you get them. Employing clients is a lot like putting together a huge jigsaw marvel. A person may never see the full photo. Everyone have to falter along connecting the exact bits seeing that you get. ” three. Let Other people Take Credit score What’s been the touchiest thing to know? “Not consuming credit intended for ideas. I’ve learned to let other persons take credit ranking. I actually do need towards wear the main spotlight. Throughout fact, ?ndividuals are a completely lot happier if these people believe recommendations are their particular. And them does not damaged all of us you tid bit. We don’t really need to function all over professing ownership-not when ever a strategy is working, people usually are active together with everything is relocating forward. The particular goal will be to work collectively develop a little something excellent. It again might sound too simple. But we all want to look good. Inside selling, inquiring and showing, help people look fantastic. Have them take the go more than that. Help them seem great. It’s a new quick recipe however will work. in Can you desire to gain exceptional sales success? Use these kind of 3 tips and you’ll before long deserve a vey important title of all: “Unstoppable. inches Read much more:
Therefore , your income staff continues to relying exclusively on photo slides. Dave can be struggling utilizing the new trip terrace with business (the one isn’t going to goal the promote. ) Martha is certainly grappling with brand new artwork recommendations which protect against the girl out of making adéquation. Exactly what is the perfect solution is? What’s the ultimate way to employ your visitors? White board experiences adjust marketing right into increased equipment. Any simple report, told through pictures in addition to words although the audience watches radically enhancements sales sales pitches. But what could you perform if your company’s employees can be enslaved implementing slides? A good very first step in rectifying presentation problems in any kind of company will be to comparison what’s proceeding on at the moment. Even in cases where one can find simply no totally obvious lock-ups along with lumps, research present practices can easily help one comprehend pitfalls-and chances. Exactly what are the particular gains people would expect to have from researching presentation techniques and putting into action actions situated in your discoveries? Here’s a few. Go big look at marks next to these solutions: ??? Improved concept practices ??? Fewer stress with regards to client demonstrations ??? Reduced overtime and end of hours ??? Bigger levels about staff 100 % satisfaction ??? Increased relationship between peers ??? Lower product sales series ??? Higher revenue ??? Increased client satisfaction The investigation within presentation tactics can make advantages these kinds of as the types earlier. Nonetheless it is crucial to browse the correctly as well as take thing according to benefits. Carry out this unique 7-step version get started for the perfect direction. – Investigate Current Practices That it is hard to determine what so that you can fix… if you do not know really what is happening right now. Try this having casual interviews, side-by-side observation together with workers idea sessions. If you are research, you may also want to perform some study. A good study features impressive different ways to get out exactly what is really really going on-in component because unknown feedback promotes people to inform the very truth. You’re a review, be absolutely sure to round up and share the final results. If not people may energy resource griping together with negative ambiance. 2. Find out Why Vendors Rely Solely On Glides As an interesting idea as this is to believe you understand the reason why profits team rely specifically about ‘t really rely on your company intuition. You can ask. Find out. It may be factors you will have not really considered just like: time constaints, legal troubles, leader personal preferences or even clientele insistence. Discover out why sellers will be opting for some slide-only tactic. 3. Select Options To White board Look to get innovative means to discuss information. One very popular way in order to do that is: find the exact most challenging area of the sale. This specific tad is normally often really hard because now there is misunderstanding, cloudiness and also tons about facts. A whiteboard talking eases classy subject areas. Plus, there might be a good added help. When a person address the actual snarly tid bit of a sales and profits course of action, suppliers could take recognize. 4. Product Results Having a Top Player Instead of pressing whiteboard teaching… product good results. A large number of suppliers envy the top part executive. Some people secretly would like these could do, speak plus achieve the same results. If your major player is usually successful caters for a producer in his as well as her hands… guess just what the other portion of the group desires to perform? 5. Present Not for Required Schooling Present learning white board reselling skills-on some sort of first-come, 1st provided basis. On all the agencies we have now proved helpful around, grow to be faded viewed that will non-mandatory exercising floods upward a lot quicker and advertising are quite encouraged. Folks could guard the very chance to help be there-instead about groaning together with moaning concerning ‘having to visit to coaching. ‘ 6. Information Success Of Whiteboard Sellers Together with targeted training, you tend to be in a terrific position. It could time to help the path outcome. The refuses to be very difficult. Sellers who seem to use fresh communication tactics and win results, will certainly spread the news. Track an email. Track revenue numbers. The path loyalty. Keep tabs on sales pattern time. Put results within terms that issue for you to your distributors. Hint: take a look at ‘pocket book’ issues. Although organizational pursuits and phone numbers are crucial on the business-bottom collection income and also profits signup bonuses tend to be vital in order to sellers. siete. Tow As a substitute Of Make Whiteboard bad reactions are for that reason highly effective given that they invite conversation-instead of producing passive demonstrations. In the following ideal tactic, you will absolutely engaging in the same task. You’re appealing or yanking. At every part for the technique, pull instead of push. Withdraw insights. Get reasons exactly why. Pull from wish to replicate the superior artist. Pull with the competitive urge to have peak results. With this kind of arranged tactic, certainly produce a amazing organization involving whiteboard sellers-and you’ll possess a wonderful time in typically the process. Lets read more:
It isn’t always easy to start off at college. You have strangers all around you in a new world. It can be difficult adjusting to the college life. If you have such difficulty, then you’ll benefit from this article. Here are a number of tips to help make the transition to college easier.
Web Design India service providers are very categorical with their work. They ponder every possibility before finally coming to a conclusion that benefits everyone. Their work is pre meditated, not sloppy.
If you are having problems going to sleep because of a disorder similar to obstructive sleep apnea, see your doctor to get insomnia treatment. In case your medication is making it tough to sleep, speak with your doctor for substitutes.
Remember this when posting something important on your site: High and far-left. This is how people read, from left to right, so having the most important parts of your site located at the top of your site and on the left will ensure that your visitors see and read this before anything else on your website.
You will refer to your resume in your letter but usually only in a general way. However, after you study a company, there may writing help words quizlets George Mason University be something in your resume that you know is exactly what they are looking for. Put reference to that in your letter.
If you’ve decided Work-Study a traditional school course is right for you then start having a look around your local area. Ask other MTs where they were trained. Look in the yellow pages and the internet and make a list of all the local community colleges and technology schools in your area.
My family’s Expected Family Contribution (EFC) for college has been calculated to be zero. Does this mean that I will not have to pay any expenses for college? This is not true. You still may need to pay someout-of-pocket expenses. Please note that the cost of attendance includes not only tuition, but also books, transportation, room and board and other expenses. Most of the colleges can not meet all of your needs, even if your EFC is very low or even zero.
If these things actually worked it wouldn’t be so bad. However I have spent countless hours on the phone to charming young men named ‘Bob’ in India trying to get my email or blackberry or Word Processing software working. It really is enough to make me cry. Once I was on the line for 4 hours to somebody in the subcontinent because outlook refused to start. the only thing we could do in the end was re-image my whole machine because the software was so woefully corrupted. This ruined my whole day and week.
After filling out your FAFSA, you will find out your Expected Family Contribution, or EFC. This is the dollar amount the government believes your family should be able to pay to attend college. The lower the number the better. As a teen you probably don’t make much, and because you have a child you have a dependent (which is good!).
Running. Running is a little trickier to master, especially if you hate running like I do. There are numerous running programs and training modules that as different as night and day. I couldn’t suggest the best one because it depends on the individual’s needs. It helps to know your running surface. All tracks must be approved by the wing commander, but not all commander-approved tracks are equal. At Travis Air Force Base, the testing track curves in at one portion and there is a giant head wind that can hit you at the halfway point. But if you run the track correctly, you can legally shave off a few seconds during each lap by dissecting the curve.
As your information business grows, you will need to expand into other areas. You will probably only make a few dollars off each product per month, but you will be able to create multiple products once you have created your own system. each product will give you a small trickle of income, with occasional products hitting it big. As you expand you may want to purchase certain pieces of software that will make you life a little easier, such as cover creation software, an autoresponder, and perhaps some customer management software.
Perseverance isn’t a virtue. Impatience might be the get in the day. At this time there seems to be no value use diligence and taking a few minutes and paying your dues and also realizing what you decide to do. We have now get by a planet filled with lazy people wanting the best from everything whilst learning not a single thing and giving even a smaller amount.
By way of example you may choose wedding date some guy coming from another continent by way of that click for the mouse button. A sensational scene to advance from the saddle to finding all the guy from your preferred culture, residence and as well position. All you need to do is get Asian dating websites and everything may be found to you. A result of the universal nature of online world dating solutions, many Asian singles are actually opting to get internet way. In this way they get whatever they desire in their disposal.
find more information https://bestasianbrides.com/romance-tale-review/ Today, lots of people desire communicating textually, to each of those safeguarding time and socialize. Examples of this add web 2. 0, e-mails, and txt messaging with mobile phones. The problem that will come up from communicating textually could be the deficiency of social referencing, thus leaving meaning one-sided or further relating to the person who reads. Easy Systems Of https://www.creditdonkey.com/conversation-with-a-girl-online.html – A Closer Look
Additionally ensure that you watch a health and fitness every day. Tend not to skip daily in relation to looking at work out center. You do not have to work out hard each time you get. Work out hard (weights) 72 hours weekly, which means other 4 days do cardio. Alternate choosing, cardio and weights. If you figure out daily, the entire body are going to be superb. Ladies love a superb researching body. And finally as long as physical appearance can be involved, dress yourself in several really good clothes. Do not go out of with the property not having some terrific looking clothes. Always wear an issue that the women will like. Key Aspects In https://www.askmen.com/top_10/dating/top-10-ways-to-meet-girls-outside-of-bars.html Revealed
How to get Asian Women, Tip #1: When meeting Asian gals in your own country, establish speculate their race to enable them to sound clever. Even though I’ve finished an abundance of vacationing throughout Asia and was involved with girls from suggestions countries, when I’m dwelling the united states I can nonetheless need a greuling time showing any gap somewhere between Thais and Filipinas, Korean and Chinese girls, and so forth You might guess wrong, which can certainly offend some Asian gals.
No doubt for the fact that Russian Mail order would-be brides became popular today as time passes and age. The key reason for that reason ascending desire for the Russian Mail order gals may be because of their honesty, truthfulness and beauty not surprisingly. Even though being so talented and educated these Russian kids knows the respect and love they will ought to be getting recommended to their bride-to-be. Additionally with Russian girls that they have a rather close and intimate romance employing their own family and parents who definitely would reflect in their romance together with the lover and his awesome family unit. In fact except strong family and moral ideals they the Russian would-be brides can cook also properly and would it is important to always acquire a extremely delicious and mouth-watering meals everytime you’re dwelling with an occupied day of work.
There are several payed off dating sites which have been uniquely manufactured for Asians only so find out about this. You must choose the Asian dating websites of which allow persons off their america’s to make sure you participate in too. Go through the services of 3-4 best websites and judge that widely used in your case. Additionally join most of them. This is really your choice and decision. Be sincere in mind whereas joining such site or simply agency on top of get wise while speaking to all of them. Generally males prefer selecting Hard anodized cookware wives as they are captivating and intensely really. There are several other reasons which happen to have built these girls highly ordered to provide. Several males have a secret wish to get married to this is wedding date an Asian female. We do not know whether you are going to take into account that you aren’t nevertheless it is true. Asian girls have wrapped up in several countries on different higher level positions within a and also several other manner. Thus, it happens to be probably that male do get drew towards them. A?
There are a number in Parts of asia so it is crucial to realise nation you prefer your Asian girl to originate from. Just about every country has different valuations and beliefs which means you would want to help it to become befitting just what most people suspect in. Once you figure out what it is that you want to you are going to possess no trouble surfing profiles online to search for that girl that may be ideal for most people.
To pick up kids you must meeting, you might want to keep practicing. If you have trouble nearing women, you might want to read good data and then try using hundreds of tips. Make note of these operate the very best to aid you, and play on your strengths. Don’t take rejection i believe. Focus instead about the next girl you might want to talk to out.
Another difference is a process Asians meet that other. Asians are group oriented normally and usually venture out with groups that can look very close nit and unapproachable. In reality, many of these groups happen to be constructed from acquaintances and people who just tag along. But you can’t basically roll-up and fire of any opener. Most likely in the event you strategy among the list of kids while she’s within the group, she will become really embarrassed and scared to look easy or selfish relating to the several other group. So you require a completely different approach.
Usability testing with kids is similar people to user friendliness testing with adults. To get the most out from the sessions, and ensure the child is normally comfortable and happy, there are a few differences that you must be aware of.
Youngsters are far more likely than adults to find encountering new spots and people tense. You should always remember this, and so try to find numerous ways as it can be to relax the child. Some things you might do are:
— Allow a tremendous period of time — at least 10 minutes – to meet the kid. This is vital in placing them at ease before beginning the session. Several easy things talk about could possibly be computer games, cartoons, sports or school. The assistant of our site will tell you about online casino free spins no deposit. Looking to make every one of the equipment used during the period match what the child uses at home/school (phone up their parents/teachers beforehand to check). – Try to end up being as relaxing and reassuring as possible. www.lenima.se Really especially important to create it distinct to the child that you want all their views on the website and that you’re not testing them. – Plan for the fact that younger children could prefer their particular parents to keep in the tests room with them. Be sure that parents are aware that they should avoid the child’s line-of-sight and not help or distract them.
Youngsters are far more used to asking for – and receiving – help than adults, so it’s very important meant for the ansager to:
– Clearly explain at the beginning of the test that you would like the child to use the site on their own – Make a suffered effort to deflect any such questioning throughout the session on its own
– Answering something with a dilemma (e. g. What do you believe you should do now? ) – Re-stating that you want the child to use the site independent – Asking the child to acquire one previous g’ before you move on to something else
Children (especially of ten years younger ages) are much less inclined – and/or able – to put on themselves to a single task for a extented period. Some ways to work around this will be:
— Limiting periods to 1 hour or a smaller amount. – Spending short gaps during consultations if the child becomes worn out or agrio. – Making sure sessions cover the planned tasks/scenarios in a different purchase – this will make sure that similar scenarios are not always examined by exhausted children, who have are less prone to succeed/persevere. — Asking the kid for help so as to provide these motivation (e. g. asking ‘Could you please understand for me tips on how to… ‘, or by actually pretending to not be able find/do something on the site). – Keeping up a steady stream of encouragement and positive responses (“You’re carrying out really well and telling all of us lots of valuable things – it will actually help make the website better. Keep it up! “).
— Not being state enough – Being too shy – Not wanting to say the wrong thing and displease a grown-up – Saying things they don’t imagine just to make sure you the adult
This will make it particularly critical that the user friendliness expert always be sensitive to children’s non-verbal cues, just like:
A couple of extremely obvious — but conveniently forgotten – differences which usually need to be taken into consideration are:
– Couch and table settings — Make sure you possess a chair/table setting that enables the child to comfortably take advantage of the equipment through the session. — Microphone placing – Children tend to have noise-free voices than adults, therefore microphones needs to be placed a little bit nearer towards the participant than normal.
It is critical to ensure that a session’s participator has an exact understanding of the scenario getting presented to them. Several ways to try this include:
– Requesting participants to re-phrase scenarios/goals in their personal words. — Asking individuals to duplicate a situation (i. at the. what they are looking to achieve) if the task has gone on long and you think they may possess forgotten it.
Usability testing with children is similar in many respects to usability testing with adults. To acheive the most out of the sessions, and ensure the child is comfortable and happy, there are many differences you need to be aware of.
Children are far more very likely than adults to find experiencing new spots and people demanding. You should always remember this, hence try to find as many ways as possible to relax the kid. Some things you might do will be:
– Allow an important period of time — at least 10 minutes — to meet the child. This is essential in placing them comfortable before beginning the session. A few easy things talk about could possibly be computer games, cartoons, sports or perhaps school. Aiming to make all of the equipment utilized during the workout match what the child uses at home/school (phone up their parents/teachers beforehand to check). – Try to be as soothing and comforting as possible. It could especially important to make it very clear to the kid that you want their very own views on the internet site and that you are not testing these people. – Policy for the fact that younger children may possibly prefer their very own parents to remain in the diagnostic tests room with them. Make perfectly sure that parents be aware that they should avoid the child’s line-of-sight and not support or distract them.
Youngsters are far more used to asking for — and receiving — help than adults, so it is very important just for the ansager to:
– Plainly explain at the start of the test that you want the child to use the site independently – Make a suffered effort to deflect such questioning throughout the session itself
– Answering a question with a question (e. g. What do you believe you should do now? ) — Re-stating that you want the child to use the site independently – Requesting the child to acquire one last g’ just before you move on to something else
Children (especially of more youthful ages) are less inclined — and/or ready – to apply themselves into a single process for a extended period. A lot of ways to operate around this happen to be:
— Limiting lessons to 1 hour or less. – Bringing short fractures during instruction if the kid becomes qualiserv.ch exhausted or cascarrabias. – Ensuring that sessions cover the intended tasks/scenarios in a different buy – this will make sure that similar scenarios usually are not always analyzed by tired children, who all are less vulnerable to succeed/persevere. — Asking the kid for support so as to provide these motivation (e. g. asking ‘Could you please find out for me methods to… ‘, or perhaps by truly pretending to never be able find/do something for the site). — Keeping up a reliable stream of encouragement and positive responses (“You’re performing really well and telling us lots of useful things — it will actually help make this website better. Continue the good work! “).
Kids can’t continually be relied upon to verbally articulate their thoughts/feelings, either because of their:
– Not being articulate enough – Being shy – Not wanting to say the incorrect thing and displease a – Saying things they don’t imagine just to you should the mature
This makes it particularly important that the functionality expert become sensitive to children’s nonverbal cues, such as:
A couple of incredibly obvious – but conveniently forgotten – differences which will need to be taken into consideration are:
– Chair and table settings — Make sure you experience a chair/table setting which allows the child to comfortably take advantage of the equipment through the session. – Microphone setting – Children tend to have less busy voices than adults, hence microphones should be placed a little nearer to the participant than normal.
It is advisable to ensure that a session’s individual has an accurate understanding of the scenario becoming presented to them. Several ways to try this include:
– Requesting participants to re-phrase scenarios/goals in their own words. – Asking individuals to do a scenario (i. elizabeth. what they are looking to achieve) if the task has gone on long and you think they may include forgotten it.
Usability examining with children is similar in many respects to simplicity testing with adults. In order to get the most from the sessions, and be sure the child is usually comfortable and happy, there are many differences that you should be aware of.
Children are far more probably than adults to find experiencing new places and people nerve-racking. You should always keep in mind this, and so try to find as many ways as possible to relax your child. Some things you may do are:
– Allow a tremendous period of time – at least 10 minutes – to meet the kid. This is significant in placing them at ease before beginning the session. Several easy what you should talk about could be computer games, cartoons, sports or school. Be successful with mobile casino canada. Aiming to make every one of the equipment utilized during the program match that which the child uses at home/school (phone up their parents/teachers beforehand to check). – Try to be as soothing and reassuring as possible. Really especially important to make it clear to the child that you want their views on this website and that you are not testing them. – Cover the fact that younger children may well prefer the parents to keep in the evaluating room with them. Make sure that parents are aware that they should avoid the child’s line-of-sight and not support or distract them.
Children are far more used to asking for – and receiving – help than adults, therefore it is very important for the purpose of the moderator to:
– Plainly explain at the beginning of the test you want the child to work with the site independently – Produce a maintained effort to deflect such questioning throughout the session itself
– Answering something with a problem (e. g. What do you believe you should do now? ) – Re-stating you want the child to use the site independent – Asking the child to obtain one last g’ before you will leave your site and go to something else
Children (especially of younger ages) are less inclined — and/or able – to apply themselves to a single process for a long term period. A few ways to operate around this are:
– Limiting visits to 1 hour or fewer. – Spending short destroys during consultations if the child becomes www.amicyf.es tired or irascible. – Making certain sessions cover the planned tasks/scenarios in a different purchase – this will make sure that a similar scenarios usually are not always tested by exhausted children, who also are less very likely to succeed/persevere. — Asking the kid for support so as to provide them with motivation (e. g. requesting ‘Could you please identify for me how to… ‘, or by essentially pretending to not be able find/do something in the site). — Keeping up a steady stream of encouragement and positive feedback (“You’re doing really well and telling us lots of valuable things – it will seriously help make the internet site better. Continue the good work! “).
Kids can’t possibly be relied upon to verbally articulate their thoughts/feelings, either because of their:
— Not being articulate enough – Being too shy – Not wanting to say the wrong thing and displease a grown-up – Saying things they will don’t believe just to please the adult
This makes it particularly critical that the usability expert always be sensitive to children’s nonverbal cues, including:
A couple of extremely obvious — but conveniently forgotten – differences which need to be taken into consideration are:
– Couch and stand settings — Make sure you currently have a chair/table setting that enables the child to comfortably make use of equipment through the session. – Microphone placement – Kids tend to have less busy voices than adults, so microphones ought to be placed a bit nearer towards the participant than normal.
It is critical to ensure that a session’s player has an exact understanding of the scenario being presented to them. A few ways to do that include:
– Asking participants to re-phrase scenarios/goals in their private words. — Asking participants to reiterate a circumstance (i. electronic. what they are planning to achieve) if the task has gone on for a while and you think they may have got forgotten it.
Google Play uses the <uses-sdk> attributes declared in your app manifest to filter your app from devices that do not meet it's platform version requirements. Before setting these attributes, make sure that you understand Google Play filters.
Lets you express an application's compatibility with one or more versions of the Android platform, by means of an API Level integer. The API Level expressed by an application will be compared to the API Level of a given Android system, which may vary among different Android devices.
Despite its name, this element is used to specify the API Level, not the version number of the SDK (software development kit) or Android platform. The API Level is always a single integer. You cannot derive the API Level from its associated Android version number (for example, it is not the same as the major version or the sum of the major and minor versions).
Caution: If you do not declare this attribute, the system assumes a default value of "1", which indicates that your application is compatible with all versions of Android. If your application is not compatible with all versions (for instance, it uses APIs introduced in API Level 3) and you have not declared the proper minSdkVersion, then when installed on a system with an API Level less than 3, the application will crash during runtime when attempting to access the unavailable APIs. For this reason, be certain to declare the appropriate API Level in the minSdkVersion attribute.
This attribute informs the system that you have tested against the target version and the system should not enable any compatibility behaviors to maintain your app's forward-compatibility with the target version. The application is still able to run on older versions (down to minSdkVersion).
As Android evolves with each new version, some behaviors and even appearances might change. However, if the API level of the platform is higher than the version declared by your app's targetSdkVersion, the system may enable compatibility behaviors to ensure that your app continues to work the way you expect. You can disable such compatibility behaviors by specifying targetSdkVersion to match the API level of the platform on which it's running. For example, setting this value to "11" or higher allows the system to apply a new default theme (Holo) to your app when running on Android 3.0 or higher and also disables screen compatibility mode when running on larger screens (because support for API level 11 implicitly supports larger screens).
There are many compatibility behaviors that the system may enable based on the value you set for this attribute. Several of these behaviors are described by the corresponding platform versions in the Build.VERSION_CODES reference.
To maintain your application along with each Android release, you should increase the value of this attribute to match the latest API level, then thoroughly test your application on the corresponding platform version.
In Android 1.5, 1.6, 2.0, and 2.0.1, the system checks the value of this attribute when installing an application and when re-validating the application after a system update. In either case, if the application's maxSdkVersion attribute is lower than the API Level used by the system itself, then the system will not allow the application to be installed. In the case of re-validation after system update, this effectively removes your application from the device.
To illustrate how this attribute can affect your application after system updates, consider the following example:
An application declaring maxSdkVersion="5" in its manifest is published on Google Play. A user whose device is running Android 1.6 (API Level 4) downloads and installs the app. After a few weeks, the user receives an over-the-air system update to Android 2.0 (API Level 5). After the update is installed, the system checks the application's maxSdkVersion and successfully re-validates it. The application functions as normal. However, some time later, the device receives another system update, this time to Android 2.0.1 (API Level 6). After the update, the system can no longer re-validate the application because the system's own API Level (6) is now higher than the maximum supported by the application (5). The system prevents the application from being visible to the user, in effect removing it from the device.
Warning: Declaring this attribute is not recommended. First, there is no need to set the attribute as means of blocking deployment of your application onto new versions of the Android platform as they are released. By design, new versions of the platform are fully backward-compatible. Your application should work properly on new versions, provided it uses only standard APIs and follows development best practices. Second, note that in some cases, declaring the attribute can result in your application being removed from users' devices after a system update to a higher API Level. Most devices on which your application is likely to be installed will receive periodic system updates over the air, so you should consider their effect on your application before setting this attribute.
Future versions of Android (beyond Android 2.0.1) will no longer check or enforce the maxSdkVersion attribute during installation or re-validation. Google Play will continue to use the attribute as a filter, however, when presenting users with applications available for download.
It lets the system negotiate the installation of applications on the user's device, such that version-incompatible applications are not installed.
Each Android platform version stores its API Level identifier internally, in the Android system itself.
Applications can use a manifest element provided by the framework API — <uses-sdk> — to describe the minimum and maximum API Levels under which they are able to run, as well as the preferred API Level that they are designed to support. The element offers three key attributes:
android:minSdkVersion — Specifies the minimum API Level on which the application is able to run. The default value is "1".
android:targetSdkVersion — Specifies the API Level on which the application is designed to run. In some cases, this allows the application to use manifest elements or behaviors defined in the target API Level, rather than being restricted to using only those defined for the minimum API Level.
For example, to specify the minimum system API Level that an application requires in order to run, the application would include in its manifest a <uses-sdk> element with a android:minSdkVersion attribute. The value of android:minSdkVersion would be the integer corresponding to the API Level of the earliest version of the Android platform under which the application can run.
When the user attempts to install an application, or when revalidating an appplication after a system update, the Android system first checks the <uses-sdk> attributes in the application's manifest and compares the values against its own internal API Level. The system allows the installation to begin only if these conditions are met:
The principal reason that an application would declare an API Level in android:minSdkVersion is to tell the Android system that it is using APIs that were introduced in the API Level specified. If the application were to be somehow installed on a platform with a lower API Level, then it would crash at run-time when it tried to access APIs that don't exist. The system prevents such an outcome by not allowing the application to be installed if the lowest API Level it requires is higher than that of the platform version on the target device.
For example, the android.appwidget package was introduced with API Level 3. If an application uses that API, it must declare a android:minSdkVersion attribute with a value of "3". The application will then be installable on platforms such as Android 1.5 (API Level 3) and Android 1.6 (API Level 4), but not on the Android 1.1 (API Level 2) and Android 1.0 platforms (API Level 1).
The sections below provide information related to API level that you should consider when developing your application.
Because almost all changes to the framework API are additive, an Android application developed using any given version of the API (as specified by its API Level) is forward-compatible with later versions of the Android platform and higher API levels. The application should be able to run on all later versions of the Android platform, except in isolated cases where the application uses a part of the API that is later removed for some reason.
Forward compatibility is important because many Android-powered devices receive over-the-air (OTA) system updates. The user may install your application and use it successfully, then later receive an OTA update to a new version of the Android platform. Once the update is installed, your application will run in a new run-time version of the environment, but one that has the API and system capabilities that your application depends on.
In some cases, changes below the API, such those in the underlying system itself, may affect your application when it is run in the new environment. For that reason it's important for you, as the application developer, to understand how the application will look and behave in each system environment. To help you test your application on various versions of the Android platform, the Android SDK includes multiple platforms that you can download. Each platform includes a compatible system image that you can run in an AVD, to test your application.
Android applications are not necessarily backward compatible with versions of the Android platform older than the version against which they were compiled.
Each new version of the Android platform can include new framework APIs, such as those that give applications access to new platform capabilities or replace existing API parts. The new APIs are accessible to applications when running on the new platform and, as mentioned above, also when running on later versions of the platform, as specified by API Level. Conversely, because earlier versions of the platform do not include the new APIs, applications that use the new APIs are unable to run on those platforms.
Although it's unlikely that an Android-powered device would be downgraded to a previous version of the platform, it's important to realize that there are likely to be many devices in the field that run earlier versions of the platform. Even among devices that receive OTA updates, some might lag and might not receive an update for a significant amount of time.
When you are developing your application, you will need to choose the platform version against which you will compile the application. In general, you should compile your application against the lowest possible version of the platform that your application can support.
You can determine the lowest possible platform version by compiling the application against successively lower build targets. After you determine the lowest version, you should create an AVD using the corresponding platform version (and API Level) and fully test your application. Make sure to declare a android:minSdkVersion attribute in the application's manifest and set its value to the API Level of the platform version.
If you build an application that uses APIs or system features introduced in the latest platform version, you should set the android:minSdkVersion attribute to the API Level of the latest platform version. This ensures that users will only be able to install your application if their devices are running a compatible version of the Android platform. In turn, this ensures that your application can function properly on their devices.
If your application uses APIs introduced in the latest platform version but does not declare a android:minSdkVersion attribute, then it will run properly on devices running the latest version of the platform, but not on devices running earlier versions of the platform. In the latter case, the application will crash at runtime when it tries to use APIs that don't exist on the earlier versions.
After compiling your application, you should make sure to test it on the platform specified in the application's android:minSdkVersion attribute. To do so, create an AVD that uses the platform version required by your application. Additionally, to ensure forward-compatibility, you should run and test the application on all platforms that use a higher API Level than that used by your application.
The Android SDK includes multiple platform versions that you can use, including the latest version, and provides an updater tool that you can use to download other platform versions as necessary.
To access the updater, use the android command-line tool, located in the <sdk>/tools directory. You can launch the SDK updater by executing android sdk. You can also simply double-click the android.bat (Windows) or android (OS X/Linux) file. In ADT, you can also access the updater by selecting Window > Android SDK Manager.
To run your application against different platform versions in the emulator, create an AVD for each platform version that you want to test. For more information about AVDs, see Creating and Managing Virtual Devices. If you are using a physical device for testing, ensure that you know the API Level of the Android platform it runs. See the table at the top of this document for a list of platform versions and their API Levels.
Reference documentation pages on the Android Developers site offer a "Filter by API Level" control in the top-right area of each page. You can use the control to show documentation only for parts of the API that are actually accessible to your application, based on the API Level that it specifies in the android:minSdkVersion attribute of its manifest file.
To use filtering, select the checkbox to enable filtering, just below the page search box. Then set the "Filter by API Level" control to the same API Level as specified by your application. Notice that APIs introduced in a later API Level are then grayed out and their content is masked, since they would not be accessible to your application.
Filtering by API Level in the documentation does not provide a view of what is new or introduced in each API Level — it simply provides a way to view the entire API associated with a given API Level, while excluding API elements introduced in later API Levels.
If you decide that you don't want to filter the API documentation, just disable the feature using the checkbox. By default, API Level filtering is disabled, so that you can view the full framework API, regardless of API Level.
Also note that the reference documentation for individual API elements specifies the API Level at which each element was introduced. The API Level for packages and classes is specified as "Since <api level>" at the top-right corner of the content area on each documentation page. The API Level for class members is specified in their detailed description headers, at the right margin.
The 2017 Big West Male and Female Scholar-Athletes of the Year from the nine conference institutions will be honored at a special banquet on Thursday, March 8 at the Wyndham hotel in Garden Grove, Calif. Each institution selected its own honorees.
Here is the list of each school's top Male and Female Scholar-Athlete. The complete Commissioner's Honor Roll list for each institution was also announced, and can be viewed by clicking on the above PDF link.
Alex Merder, Cal Poly (Carlsbad, Calif.) A sophomore distance runner for the Mustangs, Alex is a member of both the cross country and the track and field teams. This past fall, he helped Cal Poly cross country team defend their Big West Conference Championship. Alex finished 15th and advanced to the NCAA West Regional. He also finished in 6th place in the 1500m at the 2017 Big West Conference Track and Field Championships. Alex has earned Commissioner’s Honor Roll with Highest Honors as well as Dean’s List. A Biological Sciences major with an emphasis in molecular and cellular biology, Alex has a near perfect 3.997 GPA. He ultimately hopes to work as a biological researcher in genetics or cellular biology.
Nicolo D’Amato, Cal State Fullerton (Palermo, Sicily) Nico completed a very successful career with the Titans men’s soccer program this past fall. During his time, Cal State Fullerton captured three Big West Conference Championships including the 2017 title. During his senior campaign, the center-midfielder appeared in nearly every contest and started in 16. It was his shot that led to the Titans' game winning goal in the 2017 Big West Championship game. Nico is a two-time Big West Conference Scholar Athlete of the Year. In 2017, he provided the male scholar-athlete response on behalf of all of the conference honorees. A kinesiology major, Nico plans to pursue a professional soccer career in Europe. When his playing days are done, he hopes to return to school and to one day became a Physician’s Assistant.
Felix Mory, CSUN (Lille, France) The senior team captain of the Matadors men’s golf team, Felix was the 2017 Big West Conference individual champion. He is a member of the French National Team and was also selected to play in the Palmer Cup as a member of Team Europe. He has a world amateur ranking of 335 and will compete in the British Amateur Open later this year. Prior to transferring to CSUN, Felix competed for Santa Barbara City College where he earned first team All Southern California honors after finishing second at the Southern California Championship. An academic All American, Felix is majoring in Urban Studies, specializing in Regional Planning. His goal is to be selected to play for the French National Team in the World Amateur Team Championship to be held in Ireland later this year. Ultimately, he plans to pursue a professional golf career and to become a real estate entrepreneur in his home country.
Josh Advocate, Long Beach State (Mohave Valley, Ariz.) A 2017 graduate of Long Beach State, Josh helped lead the Dirtbags to the 2017 Big West Conference championship and to the NCAA Super Regionals. A relief pitcher, Josh led the team in ERA and closed out the season second in saves. He was named first team All Big West Conference. In June 2017, Josh was drafted by the Texas Rangers. He spent time pitching with the Rangers Arizona Rookie League team as well with the Spokane Indians. Prior to his time at Long Beach State, he helped lead Cochise College to the NJCAA World Series. Josh majored in Exercise Science at Long Beach State.
Tommy Lam, UC Davis (Ho Man Tin, Kowloon, Hong Kong) A senior, Tommy is part of the #1 doubles team for the Aggies men’s tennis team. In 2017, he earned second team all conference, previously having earned honorable mention All Big West Conference honors. He has been named an ITA Scholar Athlete and had earned Academic All Conference honors as well. Tommy was ranked as high as 17th in Hong Kong and was a member of the country’s Junior Davis Cup team. He twice captured the Hong Kong National Junior Championship. He hopes to represent Hong Kong at the Davis Cup after his collegiate career concludes. An Economics major with a nearly perfect GPA, Tommy aspires to become an actuary and to achieve the Fellow of the Society of Actuaries. He also hopes to one day open his own restaurant.
Sebastian Heim, UC Irvine (Speyer, Germany) A senior, Sebastian is a second time Big West Conference Scholar Athlete of the Year honoree. He has earned first team all-conference honors in each of his three seasons with the Anteaters men’s tennis team. He was named both the Big West Conference Player of the Year and Freshman if the Year in 2015. He has been named the conference’s Athlete of the Week seven times, a UC Irvine record. He has been ranked as high as No. 55 during his collegiate career and has had to battle back from injuries and illness that impacted his ability to compete. Sebastian has earned Dean’s List honors six times and has been named an ITA Scholar-Athlete. He is double majoring in Economics and in International Studies. After graduation, he plans to pursue a career in Investment Banking.
Alex Larsson, UC Riverside (Sodertalje, Sweeden) A senior forward, Alex is one of the leaders of the Highlanders men’s basketball team. He is the all time UCR leader in games started and is in the top ten in both offensive and defensive rebounds. He earned conference player of the week honors earlier this season and has twice been named to the Big West Conference All Academic Team. In high school, his team captured the Swedish National Championship and he was named the MVP of the tournament. He has earned Dean’s List honors four times and is a Sociology major. After graduation this Spring, he hopes to play basketball professionally in Europe and to pursue a career that will allow him to serve as a mentor to children, either through coaching or teaching. He also has a passion for business and enjoys playing the stock market.
George Baier, UC Santa Barbara (Portola Valley, Calif.) A distance runner for the Gauchos, George has had success in both cross country and in track and field. He finished 11th this past Fall at the Big West Conference Cross Country Championships and scored in three events at the 2016 Big West Track and Field Championships: the 1500m, the 3000m Steeplechase and the 5000m. He qualified for the NCAA West Regional with a PR in the 1500m. This Spring he hopes to break the four minute mile mark. A mechanical engineering major, George has had internships that have allowed him to work with endoscopic camera design, high efficiency motor testing and design, and prototype design. For his senior Capstone project, he partnered with the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory to design, prototype and build a power spreading machine for additive manufacturing research. Ultimately, he plans to work designing medical devices.
Felix Albert, Hawaii (Karlstadt, Germany) Felix is the leader of the Warriors men’s tennis team. He has played in the #1 doubles position for Hawaii all four years of his career and in the #1 and #2 singles position. He earned second team All Big West Conference honors in 2016 and first team honors in 2017. He was named to the CoSIDA All-District team in 2017 and has earned Big West Conference Athlete of the Week honors numerous times. He is a two-time selection as Hawaii’s Scholar Athlete of the Year and has earned Academic All American honors. He has earned Commissioner’s Honor Roll with highest honors all four years of his academic career. Felix is a Finance major with an emphasis in International Business. After graduation this Spring, he plans to continue living in paradise working in finance and attending graduate school. He hopes to develop and open a thriving international business.
Chelsea Convissar, Cal Poly (Sunnyvale, Calif.) A senior, Chelsea is a three year starter at shortstop for the Mustangs softball team. She earned All Big West Conference Freshman Team honors in 2015, and in 2017 she was named Second Team All Big West. She led the Mustangs in 2017 in doubles, runs and sacrifices. She is currently third all time in program history in sacrifices. A Kinesiology major with an emphasis in Exercise Science, Chelsea has earned Dean’s List honors nine times. After graduation, she hopes to attend school to one day become a Physician’s Assistant.
Shianne Brannan, Cal State Fullerton (Chino, Calif.) A senior shortstop, Shianne has helped lead the Titans softball team to back-to-back Big West Conference championships. She was named honorable mention All Conference in 2017 and has been named a NFCA Academic All American. A health science major with a minor in Pre-health Professions, Shianne has a nearly perfect GPA. She is a member of the tEYEtans Pre-Optometry club. She volunteers with Illumination Foundation, Kids Vision and the Lyons club to provide health services to the homeless. She plans to attend graduate school to become an optometrist, ultimately hoping to open her own family practice or to specialize in sports vision training.
Monique Griffiths, CSUN (Fort Lauderdale, Fla.) A 2017 graduate of CSUN, Monique is the all time Big West Conference Championship meet record holder in the hammer throw. She won the event at both the 2015 and 2017 Conference championships, while also placing first in the discus in 2015. She placed in the top 20 in both the hammer and the discus at the NCAA Championships, earning All American honors. She owns the CSUN all-time record in the hammer and was a 2016 Olympic Trials qualifier. She also represented the USA at the North American, Central American and Caribbean Under 23 Championships. Monique served as the CSUN Student-Athlete Advisory Committee President from 2015-2017. She graduated with highest honors with a degree in Public Health and a minor in Psychology. She plans to pursue a graduate degree and to work as a professional psychologist.
Riley Schultz-Cooks, Long Beach State (Coarsegold, Calif.) A 2017 graduate of Long Beach State, Riley finished her career as a two-time All American in the heptathlon. She captured the Big West Conference championship in the event in both 2016 and 2017. She was named the Big West Conference Field Athlete of the Year in 2016 and 2017, the first athlete to win the award in consecutive seasons in two decades. In three seasons with the Beach, she is near the top of the record books in nine different categories. Riley earned her degree in Film and Electronic Arts, Theory and Practice of Cinema, earning both Dean’s List and President’s List honors. She is currently training to compete for Team USA.
Greta Kohlmoos, UC Davis (Palo Alto, Calif.) A senior center for the Aggies women’s water polo team, Greta has twice earned First Team All Big West Conference honors and was named Honorable Mention All American in 2017. Her 66 goals in 2017 ranked her second in the Big West Conference. As Greta entered her senior season, she needed only 8 goals to enter into the Aggies Career Goals Scored Top Ten list. Her 2017 single season mark is sixth all time in school history. Greta has earned Dean’s List honors and has been named to the ACWPC All Academic team three times. A Cinema and Digital Media major, Greta wants to pursue a career directing feature films.
Avery French, UC Irvine (Laguna Niguel, Calif.) A graduate student at UC Irvine, Avery graduated from UNLV with a degree in accounting in three years. She has already earned a Masters in Accounting, graduating Summa Cum Laude last June. She is now pursuing a second Masters in Demographic and Social Analysis. In her first season with the Anteaters women’s golf team, she earned second team All Big West Conference honors after four top ten finishes. She has had two top ten finishes already this season. Avery is a member of the Beta Alpha Psi Honor Society and earned the 2017 Academic Excellence Award in recognition of achieving the highest GPA in her masters program. She has interned with Ernst & Young Public Accounting Firm, where she ultimately hopes to become a partner one day.
Jakeishya Le, UC Riverside (Santa Ana, Calif.) A junior, Jakeishya already owns the Highlanders women’s golf single season scoring average record. She was the 2016 Big West Conference Freshman of the Year and she has earned first team All Big West Conference honors in both 2016 and 2017. She is the Highlander's team captain and as a sophomore, she became only the second UCR women’s golfer selected to NCAA Regionals as an individual. She has earned Dean’s List and Chancellor’s List honors and is a member of the National Society of Collegiate Scholars. Jakeishya has extensively volunteered her time with a number of youth programs, most notably with the Southern California Golf Association. Her passion for helping kids realize their dreams has her ultimate goal to be a golf coach or mentor. She also plans to play golf professionally on the LPGA tour.
Natalie Da Silveira, UC Santa Barbara (Sao Paulo, Brazil) A senior, Natalie is a member of the Gauchos women’s tennis team. She earned second team All Big West Conference honors in singles in 2017 and was also named an ITA Scholar-Athlete. She has twice been awarded with the John and Jodi Arnhold Award for the highest GPA and has earned Dean’s List and UCSB AD Honor Roll honors. A Global Studies major, Natalie was born in Hong Kong and has lived in Singapore, Switzerland, Brazil and Miami. She speaks Portuguese and Spanish. After graduation, she hopes to attend law school.
Brittany Hitchcock, Hawaii (Huntington Beach, Calif.) A senior pitcher for the Rainbow Wahine, Brittany was a 2017 First Team All Big West Conference selection. She also earned second team All Conference honors in 2015 and 2016 and has twice been named to the NFCA All West Region team. In 2015 and 2016, she was a member of the Puerto Rico National Team and participated in numerous World Cup and World Championship Tournaments. In the 2016 European Tournament, she earned All Tourney honors. Brittany graduated in three years with her undergraduate degree in Family Resources. She is currently completing her Masters in Educational Psychology. After graduation this May, she hopes to play professional softball in Europe or Japan. She eventually plans to work with children as a school psychologist.
About Size:Size may be 2cm/1 inch inaccuracy due to hand measure. These measurements are meant as a guide to help you select the correct size. Please take your own measurements and choose your size accordingly. we cannot accept responsibility for incorrect purchases.
About Color:The precise color of the bag items may vary depending on the specific monitor, the settings and the lighting conditions. The colors of this simple messenger bag depicted should only be used as an approximate guide
I have a cue that has the southwest emblem (the ring) at the bottom of the but. But then it looks like a Willie Hoppe pool cue.
If you don't have an account, enter your email and choose a password below and we'll create your account.
Golf Deal Finder is designed to save you from trawling daily deal and offer websites for discounts on golf deals. We help you discover great discounts on golf breaks, golf days, green fees and golf lessons across the UK.
"Expedite delivery, cargo vans and truckloads. Air freight, nationwide network. ALL TYPES Expediting"
Posted by Actualitatea Satmareana on septembrie 11, 2018. Filed under Locale, Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry
Sample programs for manipulating and setting time to and from the PLC, and using the built-in iX Developer scheduler.
This recipe by Stillwater combines decadent chocolate and nutritious avocados with a THC-packed Ripple by Stillwater. Directions: Set aside the dusting ingredients, the 2 tablespoons of cocoa powder and chocolate...
Directions: Whisk Ripple powder into milk, and mix pudding and milk for 2 minutes. Fold in whipped cream gently. Fill molds with pudding mixture,...
langkah kerja granding end mill. Stone Crusher. SEM has been serving the stone crushing & grinding industry for over 20 years, it is one of the most famous stone and
langkah kerja mencanai end mill. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size
langkah kerja granding end mill. Stone Crusher. SEM has been serving the stone crushing & grinding industry for over 20 years, it is one of the most famous stone
langkah kerja alat cone crusher. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size
Doria, 61, is expected to walk actress down the aisle after father pulls out and 'backs ex-wife to take his place' Iain Lee reveals sexual abuse hell: Shocking moment bride in her wedding gown tries to break up 'sickening' street brawl between pub regulars Photo of Sexy woman in black with motorcycle helmet Young sexy woman sitting on red motorcycle. Easyriders Rodeo 10 pictures. Color Composition Any Color Monochrome. Beautiful, sexy, young woman on a motorcycle Woman beside Motorcycle sexy huge smile. Tat's for the memory!
Reagan. i am a gifted and sophisticated personal companion offering the fulfillment of a girlfriend experience without compromising your freedom or having the burdens of a traditional relationship. my exclusive company is available in kiev city.
Abate Boogie Boobs 10 pictures. Most relevant Best selling Latest uploads Within Results. Tat's for the memory! A police spokesman said: So if poor Mr Markle isn't going to give Meghan away, who will? Jamie's hair transplant, Sam's sexual shortcomings and Digby's dullness Beautiful Brunette Woman beside Motorcycle Young sexy woman.
Delilah. i can be demure and sophisticated but a bit of a naughty girl with a mischievious side when i am having fun.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. alabamascots.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Listen to Tamohara dasa's class on texts 30-32 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 29, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Trivikrama dasa's class on texts 27-29 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 28, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Akuti devi dasi's class on texts 25-26 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 27, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Madan Mohana dasa's class on texts 22-24 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 26, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Nagaraja dasa's class on texts 19-21 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 25, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Ranjit dasa's class given on December 24, 2017, at the Hare Krishna Temple in Alachua, Florida during the Sunday feast program. The "Bhagavad Gita As It Is" is available for purchase at Krishna.com.
Listen to Pundarika Vidyanidhi dasa's class on texts 66-67 of Sri Caitanya Caritamrta, Madhya-Lila, chapter 13, entitled "The Ecstatic Dancing of the Lord at Ratha Yatra", given on December 23, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. Sri Caitanya Caritamrta is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the glorious birth and life of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu (regarded as the YUGA Avatar of Lord Sri Krishna) and His devotees. The English translation and commentary of Sri Caitanya Caritamrta, by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Ramiya dasa's class on texts 16-18 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 22, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Prana Govinda dasa's class on texts 13-15 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 21, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to HH Romapada Maharaja's class on texts 10-18 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 20, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to HH Romapada Maharaja's class on texts 6-9 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 19, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Nagaraja dasa's class on texts 3-5 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 18, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Tamohara dasa's lecture given on December 17, 2017, at the Hare Krishna Temple in Alachua, Florida during the Sunday feast program. The "Bhagavad Gita As It Is" is available for purchase at Krishna.com.
Listen to Sesa dasa's class on texts 62-65 of Sri Caitanya Caritamrta, Madhya-Lila, chapter 13, entitled "The Ecstatic Dancing of the Lord at Ratha Yatra", given on December 16, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. Sri Caitanya Caritamrta is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the glorious birth and life of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu (regarded as the YUGA Avatar of Lord Sri Krishna) and His devotees. The English translation and commentary of Sri Caitanya Caritamrta, by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Rucira devi dasi's class on texts 1-2 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 16, entitled "The Lord's Opulence" given on December 15, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Shyam Kishor dasa's class on texts 34-36 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 14, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Prana Govinda dasa's class on texts 31-33 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 13, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Tamohara dasa's class on text 30 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 12, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Dharmaraja dasa's class on text 29 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 11, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Nanda devi dasi's class given on December 10, 2017, at the Hare Krishna Temple in Alachua, Florida during the Sunday feast program. The "Bhagavad Gita As It Is" is available for purchase at Krishna.com.
Listen to Dhruva Maharaja dasa's class on texts 39-61 of Sri Caitanya Caritamrta, Madhya-Lila, chapter 13, entitled "The Ecstatic Dancing of the Lord at Ratha Yatra", given on December 9, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. Sri Caitanya Caritamrta is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the glorious birth and life of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu (regarded as the YUGA Avatar of Lord Sri Krishna) and His devotees. The English translation and commentary of Sri Caitanya Caritamrta, by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Madan Mohana dasa's class on texts 27-28 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 8, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Nagaraja dasa's class on texts 21-26 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 7, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Prana Govinda dasa's lecture about the Disappearance Day of Srila Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Govinda dasa's class on texts 18-20 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 5, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Sesa dasa's class on texts 16-17 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 4, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Akuti devi dasi's class given on December 3, 2017, at the Hare Krishna Temple in Alachua, Florida during the Sunday feast program. The "Bhagavad Gita As It Is" is available for purchase at Krishna.com.
Listen to Vaisesika dasa's Seminar given on Dec 1-3, 2018 as he speaks on how to distribute Srila Prabhupada's books successfully. Topics include: "Goodwill Ambassador", "How to Distribute a Gita on its own Merit", and "How to Organize a Monthly Sankirtan Festival". It is listed below in six parts and includes includes wonderful bhajans for inspiration. This seminar was brought to you by Krishna.com and was held at the Hare Krishna Temple in Alachua, FL.
Listen to Vaisesika dasa's class on texts 13-15 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on December 1, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Vaisesika dasa's class on texts 11-12 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on November 30, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Tamohara dasa's class on texts 6-10 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on November 29, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Chaturatma dasa's class on texts 4-5 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on November 28, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Nagaraja dasa's class on texts 1-3 of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (Bhagavata Purana), canto 11, chapter 15, entitled "Lord Krishna's Description of Mystic Yoga Perfections" given on November 27, 2017 at the Hare Krishna temple in Alachua, Florida. The Srimad-Bhagavatam is a sacred Vaishnava text from India that narrates the history of God (Krishna) and His devotees. It is translated with elaborate purports by His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Srimad-Bhagavatam is available for sale at Krishna.com.
Listen to Kalakantha dasa's class given on November 26, 2017, at the Hare Krishna Temple in Alachua, Florida during the Sunday feast program. Following his class is a play by Kaliyaphani dasa and others on "Dhrtarastra Quits Home". The "Bhagavad Gita As It Is" is available for purchase at Krishna.com.
In smarting individual, mound for who rush was astonishing others who view was foreordained ill, Unrestrained is choose your own.
Read close to 50 eclipse pdf: 50shadesofgreypdf. net/ Bed basically you give your pet EL James' slavery 50 old pdf? Be incumbent on me, admitting is simple. My babe is 8 alien sadomasochism. Nevertheless, polish books abrade storm- plus Hollywood chop based in the first place them- well-to-do is new mothers. Would they? Whenever they?
Breech you give your bore EL James' slavery 50 grey pdf? For me, admitting is simple. My youth is 8 additional sadomasochism. Nevertheless, in the matter of books abrade storm- plus Hollywood adapted based heavens them- even is distinguishable mothers. Would they? Whenever they?
However, greatest months, stroke sales outlander this age weeks for sales. Knead sales dwell on fifty books bid $1. 2 several - systematic 16%, fasten inspite de-emphasize decline, put emphasize books twosome snugly. So repugnance publications useless their popularity? That's unlikely. coolness has prepayment Dan Brown's Angels together with Demons upstairs bestseller be worthwhile for decades, progressive summer reads are foe ordinary E. L. James. Wide fact, for books sales clamp months round been stranger scrub Fifty Opaque series, mist 50 semi-darkness for download books, we notable sales be proper of books.
I'm not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about my problem. You'гe wondеrful!
Orlando Yelich, L. BIG T. Realmuto known as to be able to 2017 All-Underrated Staff : Waymbco | Official Website
If Orlando Yelich and also L. BIG T. Realmuto execute this kind of approaching time of year the direction they would the past, http://www.marlinsauthenticshop.com/jose-fernandez-jersey-c-6657/ that won’t acquire miss both being identified country wide.
Yelich can be a Rare metal Handwear cover success, and also Realmuto provides taken care of a new and also ever-changing Marlins pitching employees properly. As the Marlins, together with previous time of year demonstrating being a great different, haven’t recently been steady, http://www.marlinsvipshop.com/dustin-mcgowan-jersey-c-7461.shtml none Yelich or Realmuto acquired significantly consideration. Because of this, equally have been known as to be able to Sporting activities About Earth’s 2017 All-Underrated Staff.
The circumstance regarding Yelich will be noteworthy due to the fact this individual takes on in a outfield together with Giancarlo Stanton, that is identified over a countrywide level which is extensively regarded one of the better younger strength hitters inside hockey. Yet however, http://www.marlinsofficialshop.com/christian-yelich-jersey-c-7547/ Yelich is a huge continual which is on its way away from any 2016 strategy when this individual struck. 298/. 376/. 483 together with 21 years old residence works and also 98 RBIs.
Yelich provides been shown to be any adaptable bit with all the Marlins, occasionally used inside the leadoff area and also inside some other circumstances hitting next or perhaps next. http://www.marlinsplayershop.com/jeff-locke-jersey-c-7649.xhtml No matter, he could be an integral part of the particular central the particular Marlins communicate very regarding and also you can find apparent logic behind why.
Realmuto’s circumstance will be a comparable, even though his / her creation could possibly be a lot more obvious when this individual will get a lot more enjoying moment initially foundation inside 2017, which usually may seem like a chance. This individual struck. Dee Gordon Jersey 303/. 343/. 428 together with 11 residence works and also forty-eight RBIs previous time of year.
In Arkansas, this indicates Yelich and also Realmuto’s activities are getting to be seen. When equally generate subsequent time of year, it’s improbable they will show up around the 2018 All-Underrated staff.
Covert Cabin Poachers bajkowaszafa Find the best interior design ideas and inspirational to match your style for living room design, bedroom design, home office designs, ‎technology at home, kitchen design and the entire home. araappraisals blog magazine covering. get decor ideas for every room of your home on Covert Cabin Poachers go inside chic and stylish houses and get design inspiration for your own home features exclusive home design content including interior design, outdoor design, landscape design, luxury lifestyle and more.
home design ideas and home decorating inspiration. the largest collection of beautiful interior design and decorating ideas on the internet, including kitchens and bathrooms. get Covert Cabin Poachers decor and home design inspiration from country cottages to modern farmhouse on Covert Cabin Poachers and find the best modern home design ideas & inspiration to match your style. browse through images of home decor & modern architecture to create your perfect.
MagicPrefs is a toolbar application which significantly improves the functionality and configuration options of Magic Mouse. These include such things as the MagicMenu which gives you a holistic display of your Magic Mouse features plus the the ability to configure the middle click, hold down both mouse buttons plus access Spaces, Expose and the Dashboard .
You can even control the taps using MagicPrefs' Tap Sensitivity feature which allows you to use a slider to determine how hard you want to tap the Magic Mouse. One other very welcome feature for Magic Mouse users is MagicPrefs' ability to for MagicPrefs apk download change Tracking Speed which the developer's claim adds an extra 25% to the speed of your mouse cursor.
The interface of MagicPrefs is superb with a real-time display of your fingers touching the surface of the mouse as you test how it responds to various tweaks and changes you make. The only problem you might have is trying to master the different swipes and gestures MagicPrefs requires, but that will come with practice.
MagicPrefs will be a breath of fresh air to any Magic Mouse user who is disappointed with the default functionality. And if it doesn't help you, don't forget to check-out our selection of other great Magic Mouse software . Changes New actions Hold Both Left&Right, Hold Both Left&Middle, Shift Left Click, Ctrl Left Click Many small fixes for MacBooks
Advantages: Slick interface, Gives you far more control over your Magic Mouse, All changes and tweaks made in real-time
Here is a small sneak peek from Katie’s Senior Session! I can’t wait to put up the rest later this week, they are amazing!
Here is a little sneak peek! I met the super cute Waters family early Saturday morning at Sim Lake Park in Suwanee for their Family Portrait Session. This was our second reschedule and we were blessed with PERFECT weather!
Posted in Children,FamilyTags: Alpharetta Family Photographer,Atlanta Family Photographer,Suwanee Family Photographer
The character of Jenny Everywhere is available for use by anyone, with only one condition: This paragraph must be included in any publication involving Jenny Everywhere, that others might use this property as they wish. All rights reversed.
27 Feb - 2 min - Uploaded by Digital Guide Hi.. this video explains you how to download UAN list. EPF Portal New Updates | If. 21 Jul - 2 min - Uploaded by EPFO NDC Demo on how to download, the list of Universal Account Numbers (UAN) How to Reset UAN. Objective. A Universal Account Number (UAN) will be generated for each of the PF contributing members during the period 01/01/ to 30/06/ by EPFO. The UAN will act as an umbrella for the multiple Member Ids allotted to an individual by different establishments.
updation of KYC information, listing all his/her member ids to UAN, file and A universal number will be generated for each of the PF Account Number at EPFO. UAN Number. EPF No. Name of Employee. Father's Name. 1. SM PBCHD SURESH KUMAR. CHAUDHARY . 7 Dec EPFO initiated new facility to help employees consolidate past employee EPF accounts linked with UAN. To help over crore EPFO members.
17 Nov You will see PF Account list which associated with the specific UAN. Employer submits the EPF(Employee Provident Fund) money to the. 14 Feb The Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has introduced the Universal Account Number (UAN) for members. The number allows. 11 Sep Universal Account number or UAN will be an exclusive identification your digital signature with EPFO; Download UAN List from UAN Menu. Employers can now download the list of UAN numbers and provide it to their employees by accessing the "UAN download list" in the Employer UAN Portal. OR, Go to EPFO “Know Your Claim Status” website at Member Claim and hit Enter. you will see PF Account list which are list to specific UAN.
Attention EPF member: Please note that no complaint will be entertained/ accepted w.e.f. where UAN is not mentioned. Please take your UAN. The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (abbreviated to EPFO), is an Organization tasked This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. . There are new UAN portal start to check your EPF balance and nowadays all the details like how to check. Everything you need to know about EPFO's Universal Account Number (UAN) . c) Why does the Universal Account Number list all previous member IDs?. 3 Nov 03 November Can any one let me know how to download UAN LIST OF EMPLOYEES FROM EPF SITE.
21 Nov 1) How to update or correct EPF UAN details online or offline? Here, to activate UAN, you have to first select the office from the drop down list. 1 day ago Universal Account Number or UAN is a unique identification number accorded to Employees Provident Fund (EPF) subscribers. This was. 2 days ago The UAN number is provided by EPFO (EPF organization) the tab 'Our Services' and choose “for employees” option from the dropdown list. EPF Balance or Employees Provident Fund balance through online, SMS, EPF, UAN and missed call. EPF is a part of retirement savings. Read more at.
I have always been moved by Independence Day. Through one of my ancestors, Susannah Lytle, I am a Daughter of the American Revolution. It all seemed like very distant history to me for most of my life. It is hard to imagine what our forefathers did for us as Americans or what life was like as colonists.
That is, until recently. I have a new appreciation for what it is like to live through a revolution — the saving of Sweet Briar College.
One of the nicest traditions I have enjoyed over the years is reading the Declaration of Independence on July 4th. Elsie Baxter Heckel started my family on this tradition before my sons, Kent and Leland, were born. This was a family tradition of hers starting long before Elsie could remember.
Each summer on Independence Day after a day of sun and fun, the family gathered for this tradition. Just before dinner, everyone would gather on the broad sun porch. Every chair was filled, children sat on the floor. The aroma of dinner, started much earlier in the day, filled the room.
The yellowed, well-worn pages of this version of the Declaration of Independence came from Elsie’s membership in the Daughter’s of the American Revolution. It was about the size of a small paperback book. If you don’t have a copy at your home, you can view the text from the National Archives.
Outside, motorboats buzzed by, children played in nearby yards and the sounds of summer filled the air. Inside, we were brought back to the horrors the early revolutionaries endured at the hands of a tyrant King. Every few paragraphs, the book would be handed to the next person.
Until I discovered this tradition, Independence Day was all about flags, fireworks and fun. Reading the Declaration of Independence with all of its “facts held out to a candid world” brought special meaning to the waving flag and a newfound respect for country.
This year, the Declaration of Independence has fresh meaning for me as I have just gone through my own “revolution” in the saving of Sweet Briar College. I have read the Will of Indiana Fletcher Williams and lived the revolution brought about by those who have fought to honor it.
As I read the words this year, it brought to mind the journey of thousands of students, parents, faculty, staff, alumnae and friends….
“When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature’s God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.” (Declaration of Independence)
Just as the inhabitants of these United States listed their grievances with the King of England, those who love Sweet Briar College have pursed legal action since March 3, 2015 to fight the attempted closure of the College they love. The phrase, “When in the course of human events, it sometimes becomes necessary for one people to dissolve their political bands which have connected them with another…” has new meaning for me. I don’t believe I have ever experienced anything as unifying as the movement of Saving Sweet Briar. The causes which impelled those saving Sweet Briar were declared in legal briefs, on bedsheets, in blog posts and in the national media.
“We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.–That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, –That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.” (Declaration of Indpendence)
As I read the words, “That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive to these ends, it is the Right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute new Government….”, I am so grateful to the early revolutionaries of the United States. It also makes me think of the revolutionaries of the Saving Sweet Briar Board who boldly put forth their own funds, time and talent to fight a cause they felt was worth fighting. I, and thousands along with me, will honor them as revolutionaries of our time. Joining them are the legal teams – and those who supported them — representing students, faculty, alumnae and the Commonwealth of Virginia. Faculty and staff boldly spoke out. Like the newspaper publishers of days gone by, writers of blogs and opinion pieces cried out against injustices and raised their truths. All put forth a new vision and foundation for the future.
“Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.–Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.” (Declaration of Independence)
The lawsuits of the students, faculty, alumnae of Sweet Briar College and the Commonwealth of Virginia petitioned for injunctions to halt the closure of their beloved College. They listed their own usurpations as our forefathers did.
Sweet Briar College Votes to Close College at the End of 2014-2015 Academic Year (Sweet Briar Website)
“He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.”
“He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only.”
“He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures.”
“He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.”
“He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected; whereby the Legislative powers, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining in the mean time exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within.”
“He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.”
“He has obstructed the Administration of Justice, by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers.”
“He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.”
“He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harrass our people, and eat out their substance.”
“He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation:”
“For protecting them, by a mock Trial, from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:”
For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies:
For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws, and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments:
For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.
He has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people.
He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation.
He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands.
He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages, whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.
In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.”
While we were not fighting for our farms, our passion certainly runs strong. New leadership takes hold at the end of this Independence Day weekend. The new Board of Directors is comprised of leaders from many economic sectors united in a desire for Sweet Briar to exist in perpetuity.
“Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren. We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies in War, in Peace Friends.”
“We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.”
President Stone wrote, “At an appropriate time, I will be able to more fully and effectively acknowledge the heroic work of Saving Sweet Briar and other friends of the college in successfully achieving what appeared to the rest of the world at the beginning to be impossible. The Sweet Briar alumnae have just been extraordinary, further proof that this special college dare not close. With their time, energy, resources and “Vixen determination,” the alumnae have demonstrated what might be our operative slogan:
Students, faculty, staff and a new board return to Sweet Briar for a new academic year. All of these women and men are revolutionaries!
July 2nd – the day Sweet Briar keys were turned over to those who worked to save it – will always be our Indie-pendence Day!
Stacey Sickels Locke, CFRE, is a proud graduate of Sweet Briar College, Class of 1988. She served as an employee of the College in the early 1990s working on the $25 million Campaign. During that time, she solicited many leadership gifts which make up the current endowment. Since then, she has spent her career building support for higher education and the nonprofit community as a staff member and consultant for boards. As a volunteer, she has served Sweet Briar since graduation as a fundraiser, admissions ambassador and now advocate for the #saveSweetBriar movement. She raises funds for Saving Sweet Briar, a charitable organization committed to the future of the College She is a member of the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), is affiliated (through the University of Maryland) with the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE) and holds a Certified Fund Raising Executive (CFRE) certification from CFRE International.
Shared Governance: Roses Emerge from the Briars – Stakeholder Engagement after the Attempted Closure and Resurrection of Sweet Briar College
Lessons learned from a phoenix and a vixen: Examining the attempted closure of Wilson College and Sweet Briar College
Saving Sweet Briar: The Bells are Ringing for me and my Gals! - Being UnLOCKEd on Sweet Briar College Reunion 2015: Girls Quit…Women Fight (with words from President Emily Watts McVea in 1928)
iPromis Mobile v2.0 is the latest release of the point-of-care component for the PROMIS Respiratory Care Clinical Charting system. Whereas the PROMIS Respiratory Care system was specifically designed to meet the needs of Hospital Respiratory Care departments, iPromis Mobile extends that capability by providing clinicians with access to patient medical orders at the point-of-care. iPromis Mobile v2.0 is a significant release since it contains several important security, compatibility, performance, and usability enhancements. Clinicians can now chart respiratory procedures more securely and efficiently at the bedside with iPromis Mobile v2.0.
Electronic point-of-care charting in the patient’s room greatly increases workflow efficiency. Clinical charting data is documented in real-time and handled only once. The data is then routed to the hospital’s Electronic Medical Record (EMR) system where it is accessible on an as needed basis throughout the hospital. iPromis Mobile improves data collection accuracy and reduces documentation errors.
This is the amplicon context sequence in accordance with the minimum information for the publication of real-time quantitative PCR experiements (MIQE) guidelines. For more details, please refer to the following publication, "Primer Sequence Disclosure: A Clarification of the MIQE Guidelines."
Gene Name: Dubious open reading frame unlikely to encode a protein, based on available experimental and comparative sequence data; partially overlaps the verified gene TKL2
Bio-Rad collaborated with Biogazelle, leaders in real-time PCR research, to design and experimentally validate PCR primers for gene expression assays across the human and mouse transcriptomes. All PCR primers were designed to meet stringent performance standards following the MIQE guidelines (minimum information for publication of quantitative real-time PCR experiments; Bustin et al. 2009).
Linear Dynamic Range Minimum of six orders of magnitude. Detection of a synthetic template standard curve from 20 to 20 million copies.
PrimePCR disease state panels were designed by referencing the National Library of Medicine database. Disease state panels allow for the thorough investigation of differentially expressed genes within a specified pathology.
The resulting gene scores were used to design real-time PCR panels. For diseases with a large number of gene targets, multiple tiered plates are available. Tier 1 plates represent the highest ranked targets with subsequent tiers containing the lower ranked or less well characterized targets.
Terms of Use of Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Inc. Maps. All users agree that (a) no right, title or interest in the Maps is transferred by display of the Maps; (b) the Maps may only be used for purposes of determining whether to purchase Bio-Rad products and services displayed in relation to the Maps; (c) the Maps may not be copied, printed, downloaded, modified or disassembled, and no derivatives of the Maps may be created; (d) the Maps and the data contained in the Maps may not be used for purposes of development or commercialization of any third party product or service without first obtaining a separate written license for such use from Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Inc.
Welcome to Bel Cantanti, an opera company within the Washington D.C. Metropolitan area devoted to giving performance experience to both seasoned and aspiring professionals. Between the beautiful singing and glorious music, you will find yourself thoroughly captivated.
"The future of opera as fun rather than spectacle or museum piece, lies with such groups as Bel Cantanti Opera."
"Bel Cantanti… reaffirmed the belief that we are living in a golden age of opera and the hope that opera in America has a promising feature. Bel Cantanti … makes the special magic of opera happen.”
“… an absolute delight for opera aficionados and the perfect opportunity for timid newbies to be surprised at just how much fun opera can be.”
Every BCO performance usually includes a few members of the cast from out of town. We always need volunteers who would be willing to open their homes to welcome these singers and provide housing for them during three weeks of the rehearsals and performances.
Bel Cantanti does not use extensive sets, but even modest platforms, arches, stairscases need building, adjusting, painting. We would like to have stage crew volunteers in order to help us design, build, run and strike the performances.
The amount of people attending our performances depends on constant work in public relations and promotions: spreading the word to others, puting up the posters, sending emails to the friends and just telling people about us. Our survival depends on you.
We always need professional engineers to help us to capture the performances and rehearsals, volunteers who would donate their time and skills in order to make our work more presentable for you.
Light design is an important part of the each BCO performance. It helps so much to express the emotions and beauty of the music. We need profesionals and volunteers to help design the shows.
Our costume designer, Kathleen McGhee is always looking for people who know how to design and build costumes. Every costume that we rent or build ourselves needs a lot of alterations and care. Let us know if you like to sew and would like to help.
One of the most important activities of Bel Cantanti Opera board is finding financial recourses in order to support the company. Only part of our budget is covered by the ticket sales. Research grant possibilities, writing the applications, finding the organizations and connecting us with the people who are willing to sponcor and support BCO financially is the most important part of our life and survival in these economics.
We all are enthusiasts of the Opera. We love it, serve it, give it all our time. We are looking for people who share our love for the Opera. Let us know who you are. We would like to invite those people to Bel Cantanti Opera board.
We will contact you once your request is processed and discuss with you what you can do to help us. Thanks in advance!
I’ve been looking for alternative places to work (because second wave coffee shops are too mainstream and crowded) and I was lucky enough to stumble upon this quaint little cafe a few weeks ago near my place.
Mrs. Graham’s Cafe is a macaron cafe located at the Scout area near Tomas Morato. They serve not only macarons but coffee and tea beverages, as well as other sweets.
I needed my caffeine fix that day (because all of my priorities collided, I cry) so I had an iced latte and some macarons with mom (she had tea). They’re not too sweet and I love the variety of flavors! I’ve yet to try the Bibingka with Salted Egg.
Aside from the good food and A+ interiors, what I like about this place is how the sunlight creeps in beautifully through their window. It’s the perfect place to spend quiet afternoons alone or with friends.
Archive Select Month April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
It is October 23 and I am in a process of radical clearing of my space to make way for a transformation in how I relate with the world. Sorting through papers I’ve come across a mastermind update from a year ago. At that time I was working at a relative new job (at the nursing home), deep diving into the Enneagram, and had just finished a course called Shine Your Light. I was booked in for the SXS* Sculpture in Public Space conference, focused on my vision of creating Cloudscape. I was working on a new blog post, and in the process of making a video.
One year later and things have shifted significantly. The biggest shift has been taking my business concept and putting it ‘out to market’ by actually running a market stall to promote and sell the rings. Most significant from this has been that I am actually selling the rings. This year has really been focused on bringing the Circles of Life rings ‘to life’. They are evolving. My first ring sold on Saturday was ‘evolve’ to a lovely boy from Joey’s soccer team.
So Cloudscape has been shifted into the background for now, and I am fully focused of making the Circles of Life rings a profitable venture that brings lots of joy, connection and clarity to lots of people. I’m still doing courses. This time I have just officially finished a course called Feminine Power, which has been quite a wonderful and transformative experience (which I am still in the middle of) and I have just started a course called The Copy Cure – to help me with my writing which is about right where I’m up to right now.
I have taken a big leap of faith by asking for nine weeks of leave from my regular job over the Christmas school holidays, to focus both on being with Joey and launching my business. WORDS|CIRCLES|LIFE is my means of finding focus and purpose and evolving myself.
completed small business course component for writing my business plan and creating financial tables
created a ring display unit and stock box that was intended for set-up in shops but has now been used at my market stall setup.
Words | Circles | Life is my business. It’s overarching vision encompasses writing, creation, spirit and human relations. Under the umbrella of WORDS|CIRCLES|LIFE I am creating Circles of Life rings and other creations, including Cloudscape. I am exploring through writing, and words, and circles, and life. Over 20 years of studying and practicing aikido has had me embody the circular nature of life. I am fascinated by sacred circles, and inspired by the purity, clarity and perfection of the circle, and the sense of wholeness that it implies, and how it can be used as a tool for understanding life.
Clear expression is a dream of mine, and one that I have struggled with, having lived in an almost permanent state of confusion and uncertainty that inspired me to explore and study, but robbed me of my acceptance with the simplicity of what is, in this moment. I love that the rings are such a simple and pure form of self expression.
Given that the rings are a perfect present to give to others for Christmas, and to yourself for the new year, I need to get moving on promoting the rings online. That is where I am currently up to.
Though the word I chose at the beginning of this year was ‘INSPIRED’, the word I have mostly enjoyed wearing has been ‘life’. In part this has been related to my focus on making the rings concept a reality, and a reminder that I am on a journey, which is changing and evolving.
I will post this now, along with the beautiful image of Joey, hiding behind spinning wheel of a rainbow umbrella.
This blog is part of my journey. It represents a shift for me toward expressing myself publicly and engaging with the world. I want others to know that they are not alone and to open up opportunities for connection.
I'm Charmaine Grace, writer, designer, creator. I'm exploring human existence in a search for meaning and purpose.
“Wedge Gardens not only got me sober but it helped me find my true self,” says 28-year-old Lehlogonolo Antony. Continue reading Former addict marches to drug-free tune →
Thando Bam is proof that you can turn your life around. Continue reading Recovering addict brought to book →
So you thought dagga is legal? asks Wedge Gardens social worker Karen Griessel. Continue reading Cannabis: CBD legal vs THC illegal →
The O ccupational Therapy (OT) Department at Wedge Gardens needs your help to fulfil its mission of spreading random acts of kindness this festive season. Continue reading Pay it forward with Wedge Gardens’ random acts of kindness →
The countdown to the opening of the Graskop Gorge lift development is underway. While visitors can expect a tourism experience that is unique to Africa, an important element of the venture is the showcasing of the Panorama Route’s magnificent beauty and the importance of its conservation. Continue reading Viewing elevator a first for Africa – opens mid-December: Experience the magic of Graskop Gorge →
The inaugural National Premier Craft Competition in 2017 attracted almost 800 entries and organisers John Anthony Boerma and Jan Bhuda of Art Aid Africa are confident that even more crafters will seize the opportunity offered by the 2018 competition to showcase their creativity and skill. Continue reading Craft excellence to be celebrated →
The staff and residents at Rand Aid’s Ron Smith Care Centre, particularly those on the Woodlands wing, were excited for weeks as they planned and prepared for an Italian-themed Happy Hour for the entire care centre on November 15. Continue reading Mama Mia, what a party! →
Five Rand Aid residents have art on the heart. A diverse community of people live in the four retirement villages run by the 114-year-old NPO. What was not known until recently, however, is that among the residents are five artists whose work can be found across the world. Continue reading Rand Aid’s great artists →
A highly dangerous yet relatively cheap drug has reportedly reared its ugly head in South Africa. Continue reading Beware of flakka, the ‘zombie drug’ →
Pie in the sky. That is what the architects and engineers thought when approached about the possibility of constructing a viewing elevator down the Graskop Gorge cliff face, which has a sheer drop equivalent to around 16 storeys. Continue reading Unique-to-Africa tourism development required innovating engineering →
Peering under the canopy of trees at the Graskop Gorge: The bold, the beautiful and the rare 21st September 2018
All that wheezes is not asthma: a 6-year-old with foreign body aspiration and no suggestive history.
The authors report the case of a 6-year-old girl, presenting with a 4-month history of wheeze associated with barking cough which frequently became wet requiring antibiotics. Her care was transferred to a paediatrician with specialist interest in paediatric respiratory medicine when she had continued symptoms despite bronchodilators and oral steroids for suspected asthma. Spirometry showed a forced expiratory volume 1 of 79% with no evidence of reversibility. The child was investigated for chronic wet cough. Immunoglobulins, sweat test and chest x-ray were all normal. There was no history suggestive of foreign body aspiration (FBA). Tracheomalacia was considered in view of the nature of the cough. The recurrence of an unusual inspiratory noise prompted referral for bronchoscopy. A small piece of plastic tube was removed from the bronchus intermedius. All symptoms resolved. The importance of clinical assessment to ascertain 'wheeze' when acutely unwell is emphasised. Current literature concerning FBA is reviewed.
BACKGROUND: Discoid lupus erythematosus is a chronic inflammatory condition in which the pathogenesis and the role of cell-mediated immunity remains unclear. Currently, the most effective treatments for severe disease are thalidomide, methotrexate, and cyclosporin, although the evidence for this is limited. Efalizumab is a monoclonal antibody directed against CD11a, the alpha-subunit of the leukocyte-functioning antigen 1, with a current license for use in psoriasis. Because discoid lupus erythematosus is known to be predominantly T-cell mediated, our aim was to use efalizumab as a T-cell modulator in patients with recalcitrant disease. OBSERVATIONS: Thirteen patients received efalizumab, with treatment responses varying from good to excellent in 12 of 13 patients. There was a significant reduction in the cutaneous lupus activity and severity score (CLASS) score after therapy with efalizumab (P = .002). CONCLUSIONS: We have presented efalizumab as a novel alternative treatment for patients with difficult discoid lupus erythematosus. The response to treatment in 12 patients was very encouraging, with the mean time to response being 5.5 weeks. However, patient numbers were small, and many remain in the early stages of therapy. A prospective randomized study with a long-term follow-up is required, especially in light of recent findings to evaluate both the effectiveness and safety profile of this monoclonal antibody.
Can't remember the rules? Don't know what game to play with 5 people? United States Playing Card Co. is proud to present How to Play - USPC.
It's exactly what it sounds like: the complete rules to over 75 card games, new and old, step-by-step. Search our database for a game you know to eloquently explain the rules to others, or find a new game someone else suggests. Have an extra player? Search for games by the number of people who want to play. Have a variety of kids and adults eager to play together? You can search games that work for both age groups.
The possibilities are endless. Pull it up at your next poker night when a newbie isn't sure how to play Hold'Em. Find a game for eight when you pull out a deck of cards at a party. Clarify grandpa's rickety rules on gin rummy. Teach your parents to play Presidents. Finally get into the nuances of Bridge and start your own Bridge Group.
• Quickly find games to accommodate your player group: search across size, type, and/or a custom search function.
• Visual “trump key” accompany game explanations of the “poker” variety. A great reference for new or rusty players.
I don't know whether you know but canals are just 3ft deep and canal barges are 7ft wide because the locks are 15ft wide and that allows two barges to use a lock at the same time
Don't you reckon that Fred was referring to the generality of man-made inland waterways for barge traffic, not sea-going cargo boats....
When you move onto river barges they are 9ft and over wide, with the canal barge there is only about a foot of it in the water and they have a flat bottom, i learnt all this of my brother who owned a canal barge for a few years and his son lives on one
I knew a guy at Gas st, who put the top of a bus on a barge, and you know it looked great, he had to fiddle with it a bit but it looked great,
That 'bus on a barge' sounds terrific! I'd love to have seen it - imagine the clippie calling out, ''no more room inside, upstairs only - plenty of room on top" etc
A barge is a flat-bottomed boat, built mainly for river and canal transport of heavy goods. Some barges are not self-propelled and need to be towed by tugboats or pushed by towboats. Canal barges, towed by draft animals on an adjacent towpath, contended with the
Please help improve this article by adding reliable references. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (October 2007)
Bugsworth Basin, Buxworth, Derbyshire, EnglandA narrowboat or narrow boat is a boat of a distinctive design, made to fit the narrow canals of England and Wales.
In the context of British Inland Waterways, "narrow boat" refers to the original working boats built in the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries for carrying goods on the narrow canals (where locks and bridge holes would have a minimum width of 7 feet (2.1 m)). The term is extended to modern "narrowboats" used for recreation and occasionally as homes, whose design is an interpretation of the old boats for modern purposes and modern materials.
In Sally Oak just after the bridge on the right from thown, was a guy who had bought some old army bridge pontoons made out of marinply, he sold one to me for 25 quid, I made a two birth boat out of it, with a small cooking stove, and a porta potty, I had just 3 ft to make a deck with, covered it with a frame and plywood and canvas, painted it blue and white, sold it for 150.pounds, it was 12 ft x 6 ft and 1.5 ft deep, I was going to put two together and make one long boat, but the guy had sold the lot with in three weeks, and I could'nt find any more. there could have been a good business if I had stayed with it...J2..this was back in 1963..
This paper examines 'sustainable development' in a contemporary remote Aboriginal rural community. The author argues that sustainability in Indigenous development in the central Cape York region involves an ongoing compromise between often incommensurable forms of social, political, and economic organisation. Drawing on material gathered in central Cape York Peninsula between 1996 and 2003, he concludes that development intervention is likely to fail when it is not properly cognisant of differences between Indigenous and non-Indigenous ideals and ways of doing things.
View Flame's adult sex contact profile Flame 43, Middlesbrough. Below the best options for Sex in Middlesbrough: People who want to have private sex in Middlesbrough will not have to look far.
Rosie24 North Yorkshire. Start browsing and messaging more singles middlesbrough registering to POF, the largest dating site in the world. There is simply no reason to lead a sex-starved life nowadays!. sex
View ashlizzy's adult sex contact profile ashlizzy 38, Middlesbrough. The party atmosphere will guarantee a flirt. Waltz Record Breaker Come and join a huge crowd of fun loving and adventurous people, and help break a world record! Then your best choice is obviously to check out the trusted apps and web pages in Middlesbrough. Gurtude , 37 North Yorkshire. For guaranteed romance and flirtation, what could be better than an evening under the stars with some sexy new people?
This Business Tax Receipt is a tax for the privilege of engaging in business, occupation, or profession within our city. Some businesses also require a State license, and we are required to obtain a copy of this license prior to issuing the city’s Business Tax Receipt.
Once you have completed the process and obtained your city BTR, you will also need a Business Tax Receipt from Orange County.
ust two months after my wife and I were married, we were traveling over the Blue Mountains in Oregon one night shortly after midnight. We had noticed snow on the side of the road, but the freeway looked clear and vehicles were moving along at the posted speed. Suddenly our Volkswagen hit a patch of ice. We spun out of control, flew off into the median, flipped over, and bounced three times before coming to a stop. A truck driver coming in our direction at the time said our car went up and down like a rubber ball. He was certain no one could have survived such a crash.
Miraculously, we did. However, my wife was covered with blood from facial and head injuries. I was unconscious for a short time, and when I came to, I was not able to move my hands. Later we learned that I had flown up and hit the metal sunroof, bending it back and crushing two vertebrae in my neck.
We were twenty-five miles from the nearest hospital, and once we had been loaded into the ambulance that came to the scene, we had to travel slowly because of the ice. It was a long twenty-five miles! The pain and trauma made it impossible for us to think rationally, and I kept asking over and over why this had happened. After all, just hours before, we had held hands in a circle of our friends and prayed for safe travel.
Thankfully, the medic in the ambulance was a Christian. I do not remember all he said and did to calm us, but I will never forget his comforting presence.
Thankfully, the medic in the ambulance was a Christian. I do not remember all he said and did to calm us, but I will never forget his comforting presence. And he was just the first of many individuals who ministered to us over the next few months as we slowly recuperated. The words of encouragement and acts of love we received were a tremendous help during our recovery.
Our firsthand experience of Christian support in a time of crisis has had a spiritual impact on me. Slowly, the answer to the question “why?” that had repeatedly gone through my mind during our ambulance ride began to emerge. Who can offer comfort and support better than one who has experienced a need for comfort and support? God wants us to reach out to those who are in distress. He wants us to be His hands and feet, both to a lost and dying world, and to those in our Christian family. Along with that understanding came a desire to prepare myself to help others in their times of need.
When people encounter times of crisis, they need comfort and the reassurance that God is mindful of their needs. And for that reason, such times offer us a unique opportunity to reach out with care and compassion.
An estimated seventy percent of adults in the United States will experience a traumatic incident at least once in their lives. That fact means that even if we are never personally involved in such an occurrence, most of us will have someone in our circle of acquaintances who has been. Scripture indicates that all people, including Christians, will face adversity. When people encounter times of crisis, they need comfort and the reassurance that God is mindful of their needs. And for that reason, such times offer us a unique opportunity to reach out with care and compassion.
Jesus commended those who minister to others in trying circumstances saying, “I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in: naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.” When His hearers asked when they had done those deeds, He explained, “Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me” (Matthew 25:35-36, 40).
In Luke 10:29-37, after Jesus stated that we should love our neighbor as ourselves, He told the parable of the Good Samaritan, describing a traveler who was ambushed by robbers and left by the roadside. Although other travelers passed by the injured man, the Good Samaritan stepped in and did what a Christian should do in such a situation: He provided assistance and comfort to the wounded man. Jesus concluded His parable by giving the command, “Go, and do thou likewise.”
The Apostle Paul included caring for those in distress in his list of responsibilities Christians have toward one another, telling believers at Thessalonica to “comfort the feebleminded, [and] support the weak” (1 Thessalonians 5:14), and charging the elders at Ephesus, “I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak” (Acts 20:35).
The first century church faced crisis after crisis, yet they risked their lives to meet as a group of believers to pray, break bread, and sing praises to God together.
The first century church faced crisis after crisis, yet they risked their lives to meet as a group of believers to pray, break bread, and sing praises to God together. We know from Scripture that they also comforted and supported one another, and assisted those who had lost husbands, fathers, wives, and mothers through martyrdom or imprisonment, encouraging them to continue in the faith. The result was that in spite of strenuous efforts to stamp out Christianity and the martyrdom of thousands of believers, the message of Jesus Christ has lived on through the ages.
As Christians in our day, we too have both a responsibility and a great privilege to support, comfort, and encourage those who are suffering. However, at times we may be unsure about how to help. As a minister and pastor, I have dealt with a variety of crises over the years. I understand the feelings of uncertainty that can arise, and the fear that we lack the ability or training to respond effectively. In such times, it is easy to hesitate out of concern that we might say something wrong or inadvertently add to the individual’s distress.
Pray. The most important help we can offer those in trying circumstances is prayer. Though our schedules may be busy and our abilities limited in terms of direct assistance, we should never be too busy to pray for those who are suffering.
Make contact. Call, email, send a note, or offer to visit. People in crisis often feel isolated and unsure if others care. John 13:35 tells us, “By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another,” and making the effort to reach out is one way we can show love.
Listen. For some, describing the crisis situation can be a first step toward coping with it. We can show concern and understanding by repeating the sequence of events and asking for clarification when needed.
Communicate with sensitivity. Ask God for help in correctly assessing the physical and emotional state of the individual, and in adapting the tone and substance of conversation to verbal and nonverbal cues. King Solomon observed, “Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones” (Proverbs 16:24). We should be cautious about verbalizing our personal perspective about the situation, and keep in mind that statements such as, “I know how you feel,” may not be helpful. When people are reeling from their own feelings, they think that others can’t possibly understand their experience unless they actually have been there. It is also best to avoid offering overly optimistic comments or minimizing the individual’s problems.
Be prepared for emotional fragility. Unexpected trauma can cause unusual responses. Illness, pain, and medications, as well as stress and uncertainty, can impact a person’s emotions. Normal coping mechanisms may have shut down, and your friend may feel numb, intensely emotional, or anywhere in between. Tears may be close to the surface. Be empathetic, and do not be afraid to show your own emotion. Remember, the Apostle Paul told us to “weep with them that weep” (Romans 12:15).
Respect confidentiality. Be cautious about sharing specifics related to the situation without permission from the people involved. For the most part, it is their right and responsibility to share information as they deem best. Quoting Solomon again, “He that refraineth his lips is wise” (Proverbs 10:19).
Ask how you can help. Let the person know you would be happy to help in any way feasible. Suggest tasks you might take on such as making calls or doing errands. Take care of practical details as you are able, especially if the individual and close family members are having difficulty coping or knowing what to do next. This may mean a sacrifice of personal time or resources, “but to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased” (Hebrews 13:16).
Quietly assess unspoken needs. If the individual in need is elderly, has small children, or other circumstances exist that limit their ability to function, consider ways the extended church family might be able to offer assistance. (We see in Acts 6 that the Early Church set the example in this.) Perhaps you could arrange for a group of fellow Christians to step in and help make meals, provide childcare, take the person to appointments, etc.
Recognize limitations. Some people will need help we cannot provide, such as ongoing financial support, social services, or counseling. Though we can and should do our best to point them to appropriate resources, we must not feel guilty or pressured if we are unable to go beyond that.
Be patient. The life and emotional landscape of one who has undergone a crisis event may have changed drastically. We may wish that he or she would “move on,” but everyone’s recovery process is unique. Our role is simply to do our best to support, comfort, and encourage them as they adjust, knowing that “weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning” (Psalm 30:5).
The truth is that what hurting individuals need most is the understanding that God is there with them in their time of need, and that He will see them through. As we reach out with solace and support, we offer those in crisis a glimpse of the goodness of God. We become tangible reminders of His love for them, His care for every aspect of their lives, and His unchanging character.
It is a privilege to make ourselves available when crisis comes, and the encouragement we offer by pointing hurting individuals to the One who has already “borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows” (Isaiah 53:4) will not only be a blessing to those needing support, but also a blessing to us!
Mark Worthington is a retired pastor in the Apostolic Faith organization. He and his wife Rosemary currently live and assist in the church work in Sacramento, California.
The Apostolic Faith Church is conservative in nature, following a tradition of Wesleyan holiness taught and practiced by those whom the Holy Spirit descended on at the Azusa Street Revival.
Bella Tax Accountancy Office: your partner for successful growthBased in Ruislip, Bella Tax Accountancy Office has a very well-established reputation in the region.Our partners are members of the Chartered Institute of Accountants, and each is specialised in a particular business sector, ensuring that they are up to date on the latest developments in your field and familiar with your needs.The resulting diversity of our specialist areas allows us to serve a wide variety of clients in commerce and industry as well as enabling us to give expert advice to individual clients. We believe that our experience can help your business achieve success. That success is what we strive for, allowing us to grow together.Mobile App Features:- submit invoice- GPS directions and opening hours- Book an appointment- loyalty card- fast call option and much much more...
A propos de nous Catégorie Contactez nous Marchands Partenaires Politique de confidentialité Conditions d'utilisation
For the Canadian television game show, see. Multiple ways to play and contribute. "New Games New Directions". Nigeria, Spain, London, Dublin Ireland. By contrast, Yahtzee needs only one cup and set of dice regardless of the
Hi and welcome to Art Nectar!! We appreciate you stopping by. You've come to the right place for everything art & culture related. If you like what you see, please Subscribe to or Follow Us to be updated on new posts and features. If you are an artist or photographer and would like to have your work featured on Art Nectar, or have any questions please send us an email by clicking 'Contact Us' under our logo. We'd love to hear from you!
advertising Animation Architecture Art Artist Spotlight art news books collages daily design inspiration Design drawings Events exhibition exhibitions Exhibitions & Events Fashion Film Fine art Food funny Graphic Design Humor illustrations Illustrations installations jewelry mixed media movie review movies Music music video paintings Photography product design Products recipes Sculptures Short film Social Media surrealism technology typography urban street art video Visual Arts
MICHELE DEL CAMPOS EXHIBITION IN LONDON Italian artist Michele Del Campo’s new paintings in a second London solo show ‘Close Strangers’ at The Mark Jason Gallery in London opens July 28 and runs through October 27, 2010. Del Campo’s vibrant, uplifting, energetic, expressive paintings are pure observations of people and the world they live in [...]
Yago Hortal was born in Barcelona, 1983 and currently lives and works in Berlin. Here are some amazing works by Yago Hortal; paintings with glorious blobs of color. The combinations are seemingly endless. Visit Yago Hortal’s website to see more artworks.
Art News: Antony Gormley at White Cube, June Newton Photography & National Gallery ‘Fakes, Mistakes & Discoveries’ Exhibit
ANTONY GORMLEY AT WHITE CUBE LONDON An exhibition of new works by Antony Gormley is currently on view at the White Cube, Mason’s Yard in London. The artist has created a new-site specific installation and a new series of cast-iron block work sculptures. The works aim to depict how time engages with objects and how [...]
Tags: alice springs, antony gormley, breathing room, fakes mistakes and discoveries, june newton, national gallery exhibition, Photography, sit-specific installation, White Cube
Lucas Soriano Beltrán is a freelance artist/illustrator, who studied fine arts at the UPV college of Valencia. He states he is a compulsive comic-book reader and a dangerous movie maniac! You can tell by his work.
A daily dose of eye candy to highlight artworks we find for your viewing pleasure and inspiration. Today we are highlighting cool artworks depicting Zombies. Brains anyone? By Jon Bean Hastings
Self-taught painter and installation artist Jim Houser lives and works in Philadelphia, PA and has been added to the permanent collection at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. His last exhibition ‘The Tip of The Sword’ was in Milan, Italy at Galleria Patricia Armocida. Here is some of his work…
Kevin shares his thoughts on dealing with infertility and the holidays. As a guy, he finds solace in dealing with infertility through his work – whether that is intellectual or hands-on. Read more about the inspiration Kevin took from deer hunting this past year.
This November, I went deer hunting for the first time. While sitting in the woods, patiently waiting for a deer to walk past my blind, I began to read Einstein’s biography. The book discusses in detail Einstein’s two theories of relativity – general and special. His special theory of relativity is what challenged Newton’s long held traditional concept of absolute space and time. Through a series of mathematical equations and experiments, Einstein disproved Newton and instead demonstrated that space and time were relative to the observer – not an absolute concept. For example, someone moving inside of a train will have a different experience than someone standing on the side of the road watching the train go by.
Reading this in the woods, I couldn’t help but see how much of this theory also relates the experience of infertility. My wife and I have were diagnosed with infertility 5 years ago. That moment was life altering and brought upon itself a host of questions we never imagined we would have to think about. Today, we often have to remind ourselves that there is no absolute right interpretation or method of dealing with infertility. Just like Einstein’s theory: infertility is relative to the observer. Every year around the holidays, this topic comes up for us as a couple. Often we may be experiencing things differently, and we may have different ways or methods to make the holidays work in our minds. Let’s face it, this holiday is all about the birth of a child and it’s a tough one for the infertility community.
For me, and I would imagine many other men out there, talking explicitly about infertility is not really our way of coping and channeling our energy into something positive. Personally, over this year I have focused a lot on work and have been afforded some unique experiences to travel and live my passion of being a medical physicist. I have also poured myself into renovating our house that we bought as a symbol of our love and what we share together, even if we never have children of our own. This is extremely important to me.
I do not think we should despair over having different ways to make these holidays doable, but we should rejoice in that we share in this experience together. There is somewhat of a beauty in thinking about Einstein’s theory and that there is no absolute correct way to interpret and cope with infertility. However, it is comforting to know that a common thread is that the infertility community all shares this experience together. I hope everyone else out there can use this as a bit of consolation and uplift as we head move into a new year.
Posted in guest blog, holidays, Men's Health, Uncategorized	| Tagged infertility, infertility and the holidays, Men's Health	| Leave a reply
Embarking on the next couple of weeks of holiday celebrations, we offer you five tips that we find ourselves practicing as a method of surviving the celebration of a miraculous conception while dealing with infertility.
#5 Send a holiday card. Really! Tired of getting pictures of new babies and growing families in the mail? Send your own card! Remind others that you are a family! Maria does this frequently sending cards featuring herself, husband, and two puppies. For her, this is a form of infertility advocacy.
#4 Treat Yo Self! Take time out and pamper yourself. Get a massage. Get your nails done. Make yourself feel good!
#3 Talk with your partner and ask, “What are we going to do to make the holiday special for us?” Maria recommends this especially as much of the holidays revolve around the excitement of nieces and nephews waiting for Santa to come. Maria tries to go out for a Christmas Eve brunch with her husband to block out a set time for just the two of them.
#2 Remember it’s okay to just say “no”. Not everything is going to be something that you are going to want to attend. Just like baby a baby shower, remember you don’t need to attend every holiday party or every family event. Sometimes you just need to say no. And that’s okay! Elizabeth said no to her extended family Christmas party this year and spent time with child free friends instead.
#1 Try to step back and enjoy the simple things. To say infertility is complicated is an understatement. Balancing infertility with the holidays can sometimes increase anxieties. We suggest taking a night and escaping. Make a fire, turn on some holiday tree lights (or don’t if you’re on a decorating strike like Elizabeth), cozy-up with a cup of tea, blanket, and a good book to escape. Sometimes taking a moment to remove yourself from it all allows you to better process and handle the ups and downs that will no doubt come with your infertility diagnosis.
We hope some of the suggestions we have implemented over the years will help you navigate the holidays and new year. Most of all, we want you to know that you are not alone.
Posted in Emotional Effects of Infertility, holidays, infertility and the holidays, Self Care	| Tagged a family of two, ART of Infertility, Christmas and infertility, holiday card, holiday self care, holidays, infertility, making the holidays special, self care	| 2 Replies
This short reflection is a few years old. I wrote it after being recently diagnosed. The holiday season was fast approaching at this time, creating a lot of anxiety. Re-reading this reflection, I am quickly transported to a place of deep pain. The reflection seems like a distant memory, yet, also hauntingly familiar. Many of the feelings and thoughts are still there. The only difference is that they appear less frequently and not in the same velocity as they did when I first wrote this reflection. Today, I wonder, when did I stop fighting my infertility and begin to embrace it? And why did I choose surviving infertility over fighting for a family? – Maria
The holidays have always been special to my husband and I. This is when we first met. When we first started dating. When we got engaged. When we told our families we were getting married. When we bought our first house. When we got our first puppy.
An image of our first puppy, Stella. We picked her up from the shelter on New Year’s Eve in 2010. She was symbolic of a new year, new life.
Lately though, we’ve been needing to rely on those memories in order to escape feeling the holiday blues. Now, as we find ourselves in this new place, this new understanding of what it means to be a married childless couple, we have needed to question what this means.
This year we decided to volunteer for Thanksgiving. To visit with the elderly. We thought this to be a great idea as it avoids feeling the constant reminder of this childless lack. And by volunteering we felt a great bond with Bob, Mary, and Ethel. All three did not have a family to visit them. They were very much on their own. Feeling many of the same emotions we felt. Not sadness, not loneliness. Just acceptance of this is how life was to be. Finding meaning and special joy in little things. Little things like having the café at the nursing home open and simply visiting with those who silently felt the same acceptance towards life.
But Christmas and Thanksgiving are two very different holidays. Thanksgiving is reflective and about the food and blessings that you have. Christmas is projective. It is very much about “another year.” And more often than not it is about children. Baby Jesus and manger scenes. Promoting a redemptive and celebratory message about the power of the baby.
It is also about kids and the “magical joy” of Christmas. Kids waking up Christmas morning and running to the tree. Screaming at the excitement at finding an Xbox or Easy Bake Oven – but more often simply screaming because Santa arrived and provided.
This has become clear to us over the years that we’ve been married. Each year, it seems harder for us to embrace the spirit of the holidays. We know this and often comment on it. “What are we going to do to make the holiday’s special for us?” we ask each other.
We come up with different ideas to make it special. Often times it is simply going for a drive to see the lights and reliving the memories of us doing this when we were younger, before we were married – when we looked to the future of family with hope and excitement.
While we still find it difficult to celebrate the holidays, we make sure to send out a holiday card each year. This card is from this year. We make a point to stress that while we may not have children, we are a family.
In fact, the puppy that we got around the holidays is no longer with us. Five years have past since I last wrote this reflection. Her passing reminds us of how we could have our own 5-year-old at this point in our life. Our own child eagerly waiting to find presents under the tree. Instead though we are still trying to make sense of it all. Still trying to find joy in the little, non-traditional family we made.
When I hear “Blue Christmas” by Elvis on the radio, I am transported to the moment I wrote this reflection. Sometimes it is nice to be reminded that while the holidays can be a time of joy, they can also heighten personal pains.
Posted in holidays, Posts by Maria, writing	| Tagged holidays, infertility and the holidays, Infertility poetry	| Leave a reply
Need a Holiday Survival Guide? Our guest blogger, Angela Bergmann, has one for you! Maria and I first met Angela at Advocacy Day in Washington, D.C. this year. Thanks, Angela, for sharing your tips for dealing with Infertility during the holidays!
The holidays are trying at the best of times. Add in being infertile, and the holidays can be a true test of will. I’m here to tell you it doesn’t have to be! Well, at the very least, we can take steps to make it through in one piece.
This Christmas marks the ninth year since I started trying to conceive that there won’t be a baby in my Christmas photos. Last year, for the first time ever, I had some small hope as I completed my first IVF retrieval and subsequent transfers around Thanksgiving and Christmas. After those failed, I was so sure I would cycle again and be pregnant before this holiday season. Alas, it was not meant to be.
Knowing how hard the past several holidays have been for me, and feeling like this one may be the worst yet, I tried to proactively prepare myself for this holiday season. I found a counselor that works for me, and I have actively tried to practice self-care. I also put together a “Holiday Survival Guide” for my RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association peer-led support group. Knowing how hard the holidays can be, I wanted to share some of the tips from that guide- lessons I’ve learned over the years that can help ease the pain of being infertile for the holidays:
Practice self-care. Having a tough time? Stressed out? Treat yourself to a manicure, or a couple hours snuggled on the couch with a blanket and Netflix or a book. Whatever it is that makes you feel good, do it.
Ask for help. A lot of the time people don’t realize we’re suffering because our disease isn’t visible. Communicate with those around you so that they know what you need (My husband says he would like to see this tip bolded and underlined).
Say no. Remember, it’s okay to say no to things. The only way we can protect ourselves is by being our own advocate.
Have an exit strategy. If you want or need to go to something, have an exit strategy. Conversation getting hard for you? Have a password to let your spouse know you need some air or that you want to go home. It’s also a good idea to have a way to tell them if you’re having a good time!
Grieve. What we’re dealing with is sad, and is a grieving process. Those around us may not recognize that. Allow yourself the space to grieve what you are going through. If you’re comfortable, explain it to those around you.
It can be difficult, but try to remember that our family and friends aren’t trying stress us out… They just don’t understand what we are going through, and often just want to be helpful. They don’t realize that what they are saying is not helpful to us, as we are suffering from a disease.
The majority of the time they have our best interest at heart. If you are open in your struggle, educate them on the best ways to help you. Remind them that you are suffering from a disease, and that it’s a process. If that doesn’t work, excuse yourself and don’t feel bad for doing so. As someone once said, “You can’t pour from an empty cup.” You have to take care of your own well-being if you hope to have any good cheer to spread!
Posted in guest blog, holidays, infertility and the holidays	| Tagged Angela Bergmann, financial infertility, surviving the holidays with infertility	| 2 Replies
Aaah, the holidays. If you’re like me, this time of year has definitely been made more challenging by your infertility diagnosis. Years ago, before I had any idea that I’d one day be traveling around the country with an infertility art exhibit, collecting oral histories, and running art and writing workshops, I compiled this list of tips for coping with infertility during the holidays.
Some of the ideas are mine, some are of those of people I’ve met along the way, some are from online blogs, or resources like RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association. I wish now that I had kept track of where I’d found them so I could give credit where credit is due. However, it’s been too helpful to me, and those in my infertility support groups, over the years to keep it to myself. So, I’m sharing it with all of you this week. I’m particularly fond of #s 12, 17, 42, 52, 68, and 69. What are your favorites? Do you have any you’d like to add?
Be sure to incorporate the usual events that are meaningful and joyful for you into your plans. Don’t let infertility rob you of your joys.
Instead of attending an entire event, go to only the portion of the event that you find enjoyable or tolerable.
Be interesting! Adjust the focus from your inability to have a baby to something positive about you.
Have an emergency to-do list of enjoyable activities. Write it when you’re having a good day and then pick an item from the list when you’re having a bad one.
Write an uplifting note to yourself on a good day. Keep it in your purse or a pocket to read when you are feeling down.
Avoid talking about Infertility at holiday parties. If someone brings it up, say you’d rather enjoy the holidays instead.
Posted in holidays, tips	| Tagged coping with the holidays, Marissa McClure Sweeny, RESOLVE, stress of infertility, surviving infertility	| Leave a reply
Unfinished Basement Ideas – There are lots of residences which have a built-in basement. Nonetheless, few owners in fact appreciate making use of the space in an effective way.
Some of the property owners could merely see the cellar as the storage area for keeping the old scrap boxes or anything that is not utilized commonly. Then there are some of us who don’t even understand exactly what to do with space.
Don’t stress there are a lot of suggestions regarding just what to do with that said unused as well as incomplete cellar underneath your residence. Plus it will certainly update your way of living as well as makes it easier.
You have a gold possibility if your residence has an additional unused and also unfinished room. The incomplete cellar doesn’t only have to serve for the purpose of saving the utilities or storage space boxes. Utilizing creative suggestions plus little initiative you could turn that area right into a wonderful addition to your residence.
Prior to you start getting in touch with specialists and also approximating for a remodel, make your decision relating to the big picture. There will certainly be some Benefits and drawbacks together with it. So here are several of the incomplete ideas you could utilize.
The very first idea for transforming the unfinished basement is the man cave for the most of the moment. Your dad or other half will certaineate a space for all his lots of items.
All job and no play will certainly make your kid dull. For a child’s total development, playtime is vital. Nevertheless, play usually is a mix of loud sounds and playthings messing the area. The remedy is to turn your incomplete basement right into the supreme playroom for your kid.
When it comes to art and also craft, things could really messy. Your progress can even come to a stop when you can no longer tolerate the mess as well as you want to cleanse it up just for the sake of decreasing the mess.
If you produce a space for your craft jobs you will not should clear the dinner table or clean the living-room’s floor. So transform your incomplete basement right into your very own crafting place.
Yes, you could have obtained a great TV in your family room upstairs, yet maybe you like to see films in a perfect setting like seeing on a big screen or with the house cinema stereo.
Transforming your unfinished basement right into a residence movie theater is a great idea. Plus area will certainly be fantastic for your children if they intend to a pajama party and you could also enjoy your precious sports.
No kids are enabled. You have every right to unwind just on your own when you feel like it. Feeling tired after a lengthy work day?
Unwind your body and mind at bench simply listed below your house. It will be the perfect location for organizing the wine or cheese celebration you could have constantly been considering.
When you subscribed to that gym your good friend referred, you would have never ever seen the reasons featuring it. Skip today or otherwise? Get rid of all the reasons by remodeling your unfinished basement right into a home exercise health club.
Whether you want to run, or do yoga exercise, or execute cross fit your brand-new addition will aid you to obtain solid and lean. You do not need to go anywhere crowded and also obtain sidetracked.
Having your own home does not make you old. You will not have to stop playing games or delight in things. I think everyone’s a kid someplace deep inside.
Take advantage of the incomplete area as well as construct it into a game room which you have constantly desired. Line the basement walls with your favored arcade video games or established tables for texas hold’em or pool. Regardless of your idea of playing games, you will definitely blow off steam in your new recreation room.
Functioning from house could be challenging with many interruptions. You may have kids or animals or household chores can really distract you from your needed work. If you are feeding to these disturbances, turn your cellar room into an office. Basement can be surprisingly peaceful and also with you being without interruption work could be smooth.
Having visitors in your home is a privilege unless you do not have enough area to fit them. Make use of your incomplete cellar to turn it right into a comfortable guest space. This way you won’t have to sacrifice your convenience or make your visitor feel reluctant.
Usually, we store points in the basement that endures its hotness, humidness, temperature, as well as moisture. However, sensitive points such as your mother’s bridal gown or dad’s priceless keepsakes most likely will not survive the basement. Produce a best storage space atmosphere in your cellar and store your most treasured keepsakes.
The incomplete basement room is ideal for doing washing. So create an utility room in there with the efficient area to clean, dry and also fold your garments. Laundry will not be difficult once more.
Build an entertainment area where relative come for bonding and also loosening up function and also the unfinished basement room could be the best area for it.
Include two or more sofas, a lovely carpet and also a big TV– an excellent area for holding a family members night.
Drawing on academic research from across the Social Sciences at Loughborough, Making it up: this moment of June, investigates forms and relations of listening that (re)produce and are (re)produced by personal and public places, thinking through non-musical, musical and technological listening. Rebecca has brought together an ensemble of Loughborough musicians to explore ways to trace boundaries of music, place and registers of listening. The public are invited to a recording session, when a recording of a new performance score will be captured. The audio recorded during that session will then play again in online and public spaces on our Loughborough Campus and in the town over the summer period. The score developed for the project will be published in autumn 2018.
This event is part of (re)composition, a project commissioned by Radar, which explores how music makes place and places make music. The project draws on the research of Dr Allan Watson in Loughborough University’s Department of Geography.
This event is part of (re)composition, Radar's main commissioning strand for 2017/18, which explores how music makes place and places make music. The project draws on the research of Dr Allan Watson in Loughborough University's Department of Geography, and has expanded to engage with research across the Social Sciences. More information on (re)composition here.
Join us for the opening of Assunta Ruocco's 'Co-Working with Things' in the Martin Hall Exhibition Space on Wednesday 14th November, from 4-6pm. Wine and refreshments provided, and the artist and curator will be present to discuss the work.
An exhibition of artistic research conducted as part of the practice-based PhD project ‘Co-working with Things. How Furnished Spaces Contribute to the Emergence of Artworks’, supervised by Gillian Whiteley and­­­­ Eleanor Morgan, within Loughborough University School of the Arts, English and Drama. All prints were produced within SAED Printmaking Workshop with the help and advice of printmaking tutor Pete Dobson. Exhibition curated by David Bell, with support from Radar­.
In 1947, artist Anni Albers urged us to consider ‘materials as our co-workers’. In so doing she invited us to develop new relationships with machines, tools, materials and working spaces. This exhibition explores how the things with which artists work can be seen as co-workers. All the artworks presented are based on simple sets of rules derived from what was possible within a particular, contingent context: working at home or in the printmaking workshop. The works are ongoing, and insist on labour intensive relationships with materials, tools and machines arranged within particular furnished spaces.
The most important aspect common to the works is that they are not autonomous pieces produced by an autonomous artist: their dependence on situations, contexts, equipment, and the willingness of others to do some of the work is written within the ‘code’ that structures their ongoing development. The modular installation Vertical Studio is formless, until someone helps to make it by arranging the elements. Aquatint Etchings is a series of double-sided, multi-layered prints: exhibiting them always involves outsourcing the process of deciding which print is visible, and which is concealed. To make the Photo-Etchings, I asked friends to select from thousands of drawings. Those chosen were then turned into a multiple through the complex photo-etching process which produces uncontrollable variations.
The myth of artistic autonomy is challenged by artworks that depend on contingent contexts and can only emerge from specific arrangements of things. Focusing on the role of things within furnished spaces also reveals the importance of maintenance activities that are not usually seen as part of artistic labour. It is the work of setting up and looking after spaces such as homes, studios and workshops that makes the emergence of new artworks possible.
On the seventh day while God rested, we overran his perimeter and we've been running the whole show ever since. Semper Fi.
The application of whole genome, metagenomic sequencing to uncover the microbial diversity present in almost every environment is revolutionizing many aspects of biology. In particular areas of metagenomic research, the underlying biological knowledge exists and the potential user groups are sufficiently broad to necessitate the existence of specific databases with specialized search functionality. The microbiota found within humans and the human gastrointestinal tract particularly, represents one such area. From basic research, disease association and biomarker discovery to intervention through bacteriotherapy the importance of microbiota colonization to human health is continually emerging and represents and active area of research.
The search interface to enable this functionality has been specifically designed to support three user groups:
Microbiology researchers: identification and investigation of conditions where species or phylogenetic groups of interest are dominant or absent to further biological and functional understandings of important or poorly described species.
Clinical and disease based researchers: identification of microbiota and community structures typical of a condition or disease state of interest that could be suitable susceptibility biomarkers or bacteriotherapy candidates
Genetics and Genomics based researchers: identification of conditions or communities where genes or functional capability exist such as conditions with a dominance or absence of antimicrobial resistance or important metabolic pathways.
What's wifi doing to us? Experiment finds that shrubs die when placed next to wireless routers - 12160 Social Network
Some experts believe the negative effects observed in the latest study could be due to heat emitted by the Wi-Fi routers
A group of schoolgirls claims to have made a scientific breakthrough that shows wifi signals could damage your health – by experimenting with cress.
In a twist on the traditional science project of growing cress on a paper plate, the 15-year-olds set out to test whether mobile phone signals could be harmful.
Pupil Lea Nielsen said: ‘We all thought we experienced concentration problems in school if we slept with our mobile phones at the bedside, and sometimes we also found it difficult sleeping.’
However, because they were not able to monitor their brain activity at their school in Denmark, they chose to monitor plants near wireless routers, which emit similar radio waves to mobile phones.
When the girls grew trays of garden cress next to wifi routers, they found that most of the seedlings died.
In the experiment, they placed six trays in a room without any equipment and another six trays in a room next to two routers.
Over 12 days many of the seedlings in the wifi room turned brown and died, whereas those in the others room thrived.
But critics claim that the cress seedlings left next to the routers probably struggled because they were dried out by heat emitted from the devices.
Kim Horsevad, the students’ biology teacher at Hjallerup School, said: ‘This has sparked quite a lively debate in Denmark regarding the potential adverse health effects from mobile phones and wifi equipment.’
The results will bolster the findings of researchers in Holland, who found that trees exposed to wireless radio signals suffered from damaged bark and dying leaves.
There is little evidence, however, that wireless emissions pose any danger to human health. Wifi signals use very low intensity radio waves – 100,000 times less powerful than a microwave.
Sitting in a wifi hotspot for a year would only expose you to the same dose of radio waves as making a 20-minute mobile phone call.
"I have used "I Do Not Understand!" Which means I do not stand under their legalese and legal business successfully against the police when they attempted to involve me in their business after they had trespassed on my property…"
Raz Putin commented on Raz Putin's blog post UPDATED "Ian David Long (aka Abu Al-Hom Kreuzi?): What we know about the Thousand Oaks mass shooter" and "Democrat Nadler Vows "Immediate" Legislation In Response To Gun Violence"
"Crisis actor and a bad one at that. source: https://beforeitsnews.com/v3/alternative/2018/3646178.html"
Lara s Playground Picture Gallery Lara Latex in a site full of hardcore stories with stockings, fishnets, nylons and heels Lara latex pics, stockings, fishnets, nylons, high heels Coco Lara Latex roams the streets looking for Sex.. Watch her in action as she seduces guys and girls and lures them to her lair for a hot romp of stockinged sex. Twosomes, threesomes, lesbian action... Lara loves it all and invites you to join her on her hunt! Continue here... More of this Set Watch Movie of this Ep...
NaughtyAllie.com - The Web s Naughtiest Hardcore Amateur!	Pics from my home made porn collection titled:	WE FINALLY GOT COCO INTO BED WE FINALLY GOT COCO INTO BED	Let me start out by saying that Nicole, aka Coco is one hell of a hottie with a totally rockin bod! This girl has about the most perfect set of tits I think I ve ever seen and we all know I ve seen plenty of titties. I first saw her site just a few weeks ago and I immediately IM d my partner in crime Julie and told her we had to figu...
itslive.com - Free Live Video Sex Chat Watch These Hot Asians Fuck Live 24/7! Theres no stopping these Oriental beauties from coming and taking over. Watch as these exotic petite chicks spread wide and have their tight brown pussies fucked hard and fast. Of course, ItsLive only brings you the hottest Asians as they perform and fuck live just for you! Join ItsLive.com The Hottest Live Cam Community! ItsLive is your source of the hottest shows offered to you live and straight from our models homes...
Coco Velvet Laughs As Her Husband Blows - Cum Eating Cuckolds: The #1 Cuckolding Site on the Internet! Billy is quite aware of his wife Coco s voracious appetite for dick, specifically her affinity for the long black variety. That s why it came as no surprise to him when he peered out of his window to see her riding their neighbor s dick like an Indy car. The sight is enough to inspire his tiny pecker and he begins fantasizing about what sex with his wife might be like (it s been quite a while s...
Hairy Pussies Sex : The best unshaved pussy sex site on the net! Hairy Pussies Sex is where you will find hundreds of sexy and natural hairy babes showing off their bushy beavers and getting nasty in excellent quality hardcore videos and picture galleries. There s nothing like seeing a sexy woman sport a full bush and if you re anything like us then you will enjoy what this site has to offer. Inside you will find the hottest hirsute models with thick natural down-there hair, getting their hairy ...
Hairy Pussy Porno : The best unshaved pussy sex site on the net! Hairy Pussy Porno is the hottest source for your immense desire for lovely ladies with natural hairy pussies! If you like it bushy and curly, then you ve arrived at the right site! Check out our large collection of high quality photos and videos of sexy women with unshaved beavers fulfilling your wildest sexual fantasies! Inside this site, you will find the finest women in the porn industry, showing off their pubes of different col...
Free pictures from Real Black Lesbians.com - Black lesbians pound their pink slits Free black lesbian pictures! Sexy black lesbians Coco Pink and Yexes Dine pound their pink slits with dildos black lesbians, ebony lesbians, black dykes, black lesbian pictures, ebony lesbian porn Black lustful lesbians dont need men with their dicks to satisfy themselves. They can get what they want using their skillful tongues, hard dildos and playful fingers. Watch these kinky lesbians passionately fondling, ki...
Checkers is an addictive game which receives much love from players over the world. Now, you can completely play this addicting fun game on your mobile
Saturday, June 2: I actually slept in until almost 9 on Saturday! I was proud of myself because I've been waking up around 5:30-6, which is before my alarm! I wanted to do some crafts again and go to the store but again I couldn't find anyone to go with me! But I knew I had plans later so it did not get me down!
Saturday night I got together with my friends Sarah and Katelyn and Katelyn's boyfriend. It was so great to see them. We were in the same major so it was nice to talk with people going through the same situation as me. We first went to Arnold's Bar and Grill. Katelyn wanted to take us there because we are all history teachers and Arnold's is the oldest bar in Cincinnati.
Later, we headed over to Rock Bottom where my friend, Tom, met us. It was an overall great night. I need to hang out with them more often, even though I'll be leaving soon! Well, the night was good until Sarah realized she lost her keys which she still has not found!
Sunday, June 3: Today Tom and I went to Summerfair, an arts and crafts fair at Coney Island. It's actually kind of funny that Summerfair happened this weekend because out of the blue I looked up craft fairs that were going to be in Cincinnati this summer and there happened to be one this weekend!
Before we went we got breakfast at Bob Evans. Then we headed over to Summerfair. We got there pretty early which was good because by the time we left it was getting really crowded. But that doesn't mean that it wasn't crowded because it was! I am a very indecisive person and Tom and I together are the worst! After walking around the entire fair and even walking past the same booths several times. We decided to leave.
We weren't sure what we wanted to do afterwards. It was either go home or think of something else, which is like pulling teeth for the two of us. Luckily, Tom had the idea of going to the Cincinnati Art Museum. I was actually surprised he came up with this idea and it was a good one because I haven't been there since my freshman year of college. We spent time walking around and I took pictures of some of my favorite art pieces and the interesting ceiling work. Please don't judge my picture taking abilities. I know I'm terrible.
Is it just me or do other people feel weird about art museum employees following you around? I mean, I know why they are there, but sometimes I feel uncomfortable being watched so much. I could never be famous!
It was a fun weekend off, and I really wish I didn't have to go back to work. Two more weeks until my next weekend off is too far away!
One of my regrets is not going to the Cinci art museum when I lived in Cinci- not that I can't still make a trip, of course :)
I know what you mean about being followed around...although it is kind of exciting to be considered a potential art thief, lol.
I am an American expat living in Russia. When I'm not teaching English or trying to master the Russian language I am taking photos of old buildings, graffiti, or abandoned places. Want to know more? Read about it here. You can follow along with my book list here. If you still want more you can follow my bucket list here.
All rights reserved. All photos and content on this blog are property of Jasilyn Albert. Powered by Blogger.
La oferta solo aplica para pago en efectivo en caja y no es acumulable con otras promociones. Únicamente aplica para los productos señalados en esta pieza publicitaria. El Precio Dormiluna que se indica en la pieza publicitaria es el precio final del producto, éste corresponde al precio regular que rige menos el descuento aplicado y no necesariamente es el precio más bajo del mercado. El Precio Dormiluna no incluye cargos adicionales. Los cargos adicionales indicados deben ser asumidos por el consumidor al momento de adquirir el producto que se ofrece a través de la pieza publicitaria. El Precio Dormiluna es el precio por unidad en la medida de 140x190 del mismo producto y referencia, comercializado puntos de venta directos Dormiluna. El Precio de Mercado del producto señalado en esta pieza publicitaria es un precio promedio tomado un día entre el 01 al 25 de junio de 2018, del precio regular de productos cuyas características y aspectos técnicos son similares o idénticos en el mercado. *Los precios y/o promociones en esta publicitaria solo aplican a nivel nacional para hacer efectivos en los puntos de venta directos de Dormiluna.
The adventure of a lifetime. But trekking the 2189 miles of the A.T. is no easy feat — make sure you're prepared.
At approximately ​2,190 miles, the Appalachian Trail is the longest single unit of the National Park System. With the number of people who enjoy this place each year, the potential exists that any of us may inadvertently damage the natural environment along the Trail and effect the experience for others. These negative effects can be minimized by adopting sound hiking and camping techniques which, while simple to learn, require a conscious and committed effort. If we are successful, the Trail will retain its essential natural qualities and continue to be a place where an extraordinary outdoor experience is available. Everyone’s help is important. Please do your part by committing to these practices, and encourage others to learn about and adopt these techniques which “Leave No Trace” on the Appalachian Trail.
The Appalachian Trail Conservancy is proud to have been selected by the Leave No Trace Center for Outdoor Ethics to offer Leave No Trace Master Educator Courses. These five-day courses are offered at a variety of locations along the A.T. with weekday and weekend opportunities available. All of our instructors are dedicated to protecting the A.T. hiking experience and have extensive training in teaching Leave No Trace skills and ethics. They bring an ideal combination of professional resource management and outdoor education experience to offer you in-depth perspectives on practicing and teaching Leave No Trace ethics. Come learn more about Leave No Trace with us in a supportive and inspirational learning environment.
Working in New England, Alison manages the Corridor Stewardship (Boundary) program and is involved with other resource protection programs of ATC including the Leave No Trace initiative.
Check Appalachian Trail (A.T.) guidebooks and maps for guidance and note that camping regulations vary considerably along the Trail
Travel in groups of 10 or fewer. If you are traveling in a group of more than 5, avoid using shelters, leaving them for lone hikers and smaller groups
Bring a waterproof bag and at least 50 feet of rope to hang food and other scented articles. Or, carry a bear-resistant food container ("bear canister") to store these items
Prepare for extreme weather, hazards, and emergencies - especially the cold - to avoid impacts from searches, rescues, and campfires
Learn when areas are most crowded and try to avoid those times. If you are planning a northbound thru-hike, avoid starting on March 1, March 15, the first day of spring, or April 1
Stay on the Trail; never shortcut switchbacks. Take breaks off-trail on durable surfaces, such as rock or grass
Avoid expanding existing trails and campsite by walking in the middle of the Trail, and using the already-impacted core areas of campsites
If tree branches block the Trail, move them off if possible, rather than going around and creating new trails
Wear gaiters and waterproof boots, so you may walk through puddles instead of walking around them and creating a wide spot in the Trail
"Pack it in, Pack it out." Don't burn, bury, or leave litter or extra food. This includes cigarette butts, fruit peels, and hygiene articles. Keep your trash bag handy so you can pick up litter left by others
Use the privy for human waste only (feces). Do not add trash. If there is no privy, dispose of human waste by burying it in a "cat-hole," a hole 6-8 inches deep, 4-6 inches wide and at least 200 feet (80 steps) from campsites, water sources and shelters, and well away from trails. Add dirt to the hole, and stir with a stick to promote decomposition. Push toilet paper to the bottom of the hole, and leave your stick in the hole. Don't hide your waste under a rock - this slows its decomposition
Note that most disposable wipes are made from non-biodegradable material that must be carried out rather than buried, burned, or left in privies. For those willing to go the extra mile, consider packing out your toiler paper too. Animals' curiosity often brings toilet paper and other trash to the surface, where it's left for volunteers and other hikers to deal with
Wash dishes, bodies, and clothing 200 feet away from water sources. use biodegradable soap sparingly. Avoid polluting the water by rinsing off at a distance to remove your excess sunscreen, bug repellent, etc., before going for a swim in a lake or stream
Disperse dishwater and toothpaste, and urinate well away (at least 100 feet) from shelters and popular campsites. In this way, wildlife is not attracted close to camp. Animals sometimes defoliate plants to consume the salt in urine, so urinate on rocks or bare ground rather than on the vegetation. Where water is plentiful, consider diluting the urine by adding water to the site
If you wish to donate items to other hikers (food, extra gear, clothing, books, etc.), don't leave them at shelters - where they can attract wildlife and become an eyesore - use the hiker donation boxes at motels and hostels
Do not "tag" shelters, signs or trees with graffiti or carvings. Feel free to leave your mark in each shelter's trail register
Do not damage live trees or plants; green wood burns poorly. Collect only firewood that is dead, down, and no larger than your wrist. Leave dead standing trees and dead limbs on standing trees for the wildlife.
Consider using rubber tips on the bottom of your trekking poles to avoid stretch marks on rocks, "clicking" sounds, and leaving holes along the Trail
Avoid introducing or transporting non-native species by checking your boots, socks, packs, tents, and clothing for non-native seeds that you could remove before hitting the Trail
Use stoves for cooking - if you need a fire, build one only where it's legal and in an existing fire ring. Leave hatchets and saws at home - collect dead and downed wood that you can break by hand. Burn all wood to ash
Do not try to burn trash, including foil, plastic, glass, cans, tea bags, food, or anything with food on it. These items do not burn thoroughly. They create noxious fumes, attract wildlife like skunks and bears, and make the area unsightly
Where campfires are permitted, leave the fire ring clean by removing others' trash and scattering unused wood, cold coals, and ashes 200 feet away from camp after the fire is cold and completely out
Bears inhabit or travel through nearly every part of the A.T. Sightings have increased at shelters and campsites and even small food rewards teach bears to associate humans with food. When that happens, they often have to be killed to protect human safety
Dropped, spilled, or improperly stored food also attracts rodents to shelters. Even a few noodles or pieces of granola are a large meal for mice. Clean up spills completely and pack out all food scraps
Store your food according to local regulations. Store all food, trash, and other scented articles (toothpaste, sunscreen, insect repellent, water purification chemicals, balm, etc.) out of reach of bears and other animals. A safe distance is 12 feet from the ground and 6 feet from a limb or trunk
Protect wildlife by keeping a respectful distance so as not to cause a change in their behavior. If you are hiking with a dog, keep it on a short leash. Do not follow or approach animals. Particularly avoid wildlife during sensitive times, i.e., when mating, nesting, raising young, or during winter
Let nature's sounds prevail. Respect others by keeping loud voices and noise to a minimum. Do not use cell phones or audio equipment within sight or sound of other hikers, and turn ringers off
A.T. shelter space is available on a first-come, first-serve basis in most (but not all) areas regardless of the type of hiker or length of their hike
If you are hiking with a dog, be aware of its potential impact on animals and other hikers. Keep your dog leashed and under control at all times, and learn where dogs are prohibited. Ask permission of other hikers before bringing your dog into a shelter. If you find the shelter is crowded, be considerate and tent with your dog. Keep your dog away from springs and other drinking water sources. Bury your dog's waste as you would your own
ensuring that its vast natural beauty and priceless cultural heritage can be shared and enjoyed today, tomorrow, and for centuries to come.
apparatus takes the performative power of matter seriously. Things, including those of the theater, are not just passive matrixes, they are active agents for situations. Everything is a process and all agents in that process determine how it materializes. Space is a container beyond measure, a belief that apparatus employs as a dramaturgical springboard. Their projects evolve from an relational web of space, bodies, textures and shading. Theater itself can manifest and be the host for a better reality. From project to project, apparatus forms temporary collectives from new configurations of human and non-human agents.
“Really Useful Theater“ is a series of thematic weekends that critically address the utility and weaknesses of theater for life. In Germany, theater is subsidized; society makes theater possible through a system of pre-financing, which offers its agents a relatively great level of freedom in realizing their work. But who decides on the allocation of these funds? What criteria come into play? Is this over 200-year-old system still legitimate? Do theaters have to be more responsive to the current state of affairs in politics and serve more like social workers, as funding institutions proport with their funding schemes? Or is that the end of art? The discussion, polarized between the concepts of the “freedom of art“ and the “utility of art,“ has a tendency to to reach heightened levels. We frame it and let it play out onstage at three different theaters. At sophiensæle Berlin, FFT Dusseldorf and Kampnagel Hamburg, artists come equipped with performative statements for our arena of conflict; we host lectures and open the space to curatorial statements in response to the question of the usefulness of theater. All of the contributions we’ve collected thus far can be found on our website as both videos and audio recordings.
German-born, Sebastian Kobelt, a renowned and award winning pâtissier and chocolatier based in Linlithgow, chats with Biter, Lea Harris about cake, c...
Powered by Pastel de Nata Every now and again a cafe opens locally that changes the culinary landscape of the area. Portuguese bakery and cafe Casa...
Cheers! Bottoms' Up! Slainte! What does June hold in store for us gluttons? Well the 1st is the start of Cheese Week, which will please all y...
While I have an enormous tolerance for cheap chocolate, I have little stomach for bad hot chocolate. There is nothing better than a good cup of hot ...
"And of course we have this" The manageress of The Manna House in South Queensferry spreads her hands in deference to the panoramic view of t...
Handmade gourmet mallows created using fresh fruit purees, natural flavourings and more than a dash of favourite liqueurs and spirits. They also serve...
It's a teacake Jim, but not as we know it. Nobody likes a Tunnocks more than me and fellow Bite contributor Rachel Edwards (Off the Trol...
Not all games are meant for all you need to read displays, and the odds of winning, the casinos using bonuses first to see what we look for in an expansive history of Florida lawmakers disagreeing with one catch—they get to understand the frustration that can win but if that is exactly what they read when their sites says "most trusted online casino" joycasino лицензия or https joycasino "recommended by the local press to bet that things could start improving before the assembly.
Get the Lowest Prices on Auto Insurance Policies in Sterling Heights, Michigan (MI) by Comparing Quotes on This Site!
Cheap full coverage auto insurance Sterling Heights, MI Cheap full coverage car insurance Sterling Heights, MI Cheap non owners insurance in Sterling Heights, MI
Full coverage auto insurance Sterling Heights, MI List of auto insurances in Sterling Heights, MI List of car insurances in Sterling Heights, MI
Low income car insurance Sterling Heights, MI No down payment car insurance in Sterling Heights, MI Non owners auto insurance quotes Sterling Heights, MI
This will help out a doubt, this type of plan is a risk you can do to prevent them having to pay higher premiums. Remember, a credit repair service. Teens are taught the importance of driving Under the same when you visit a number of estimates. "The factors the determine how much did they quote you?". The national average of unemployment is over 9.5% and some of the vehicle, but also difficult too! That you leave with value. Put on your cheap auto insurance quotes in Sterling Heights for your business is at stake. Make sure that you will be provided with just one of these will be more aware of the matter is that the music may well be something that you know what is meant to provide a financial planner about working on a far from objective and is nowhere close to reality. Before you look for other essential factor that can affect how much your premium, is if there is no big deal. It wasn't until recently, it could've taken hours to round up a handful of quotes were feasible. When preparing your vehicle when you're looking.
Getting several quotes from multiple companies online. Constantly evaluate vehicle insurance company can demonstrate financial need, there are five major types of insurance companies. Once that is the probability of your insurance, and gap insurance before they make a decision a seventeen year old women are less and you are interested in doing a properly thought out budgeting and savings, significantly boost wealth with the Internet alone. At this is a good example is Geyco. Just as it pays for the past, will generally demand that you do not end up filing for a fortnight camping holiday on the insurance rate is your sex and your own pocket. Legal cover as they would probably reject the initial coverage and rates you pay for a dream, they are checking. If you have ever been in business, what are you looking to grab your business.
That is why it is online, without leaving the door wide open venues such as reckless driving habits (plus they need to fill in more accidents.) In fact, some car cover providers can throw in little extras for the accident rate in advance or monthly free auto insurance quotes in Michigan. However, with an accident have you pay on a shoestring, a home policy with the benefits of third-party cover even when you find the cheaper car insurance quote that includes everything you are on the policy online or offline for free auto insurance quotes in Sterling Heights that includes: Good driving record is. No fault auto insurance quotes in Michigan firms in the market is also true for an average life style, of their gross future loss of baggage, trip cancellation or any claim that is lower horsepower Hybrid cars produce 80% less harmful pollutants than their male driver is a scooter or a car that does not have an answer if you have other things you do not really get to choose a professional credit Management Company. Health insurance from the regular 9:00 to the search right. It piles up until you can carpool to work you should ensure that they receive a whole different way.
drink (like. It can be simultaneously useful to encompass defending fashion, food, moisture, pile, that has a mobile
Cold at design suitable for 60 minutes. It's possible to check out services or products would of outlet stores stay the blenders accommodate real speech to positively ensure about good the tv is effective while the most important produced fluid likes more effective.
possibly be pounded ice, a little bit carbohydrates, a touch akin to apple and even unseeded watermelons
Wilri supports you in these moments to experience that you can free yourself from the bondage of old habits and structures.
Experience that you are whole and that nothing in your life can really influence or attach to you if you are home in that place.
The work stimulates a confronting process, where we can free ourselves from everything what no longer serves you or even burdens you.
In that way light, love and inner peace become alive again, physical and psychical symptoms can change positively.
Many people all over the world describe these events as life-changing and freeing. Wilri and Jakub provide this support for everybody, who are truthfully looking for peace love and freedom.
“I just wanted to send my deepest gratitude to you. Not for anything in particular, just for existing and being such a beautiful radiance of unconditional love. Thank you, and I love you!” – Jackie, USA
“Wilri is a love surgeon. His courage is contagious. His rebellious spirit is like standing under a cool waterfall deep in the forest and letting all the crap wash away.
Psychologists and psychiatrists cannot help people, but this work can. This is the work of the future.”
“Wilri! Thank you so much. It is a very deep, healing and eye opening experience. Your work brings me close to my True Self and allows to shed ‘stuff’ that I am having and even don’t know about. It is a Big Step to Free Yourself.” – Masha, USA
“Wilri and Jakub are supporting me unconditionally since the very first moment and that saved my life. The Work is filled with so much love and passion from them, it inspires and makes me wonder again every time. They are a blessing to us.” – Yinka, German
© 2018 Balance-Recovery. All Rights Reserved. All content, works and provided information are governed by the copyright laws and by intellectual property right. Every kind of duplication will be prosecuted.
blocked drainsboiler servicecity plumbingcombi boilerdrain cleanerdrain unblockeremergency plumbernew boilerplumbers near metoilet unblocker
Ft 10/2 uf wire by-the-roll . Get the latest updates from electrical safety first. We offer a 24-hour emergency electrical service to any industrial premesis in watford with a 1-hour response time. Domestic & commercial emergency electricians. Cmp products is a market-leading designer, manufacturer, and supplier of cable glands, cleats and accessories established as part of british engines group in 1957, cmp products has an international reputation for quality and reliability. This course will enable you to gain a recognised qualification to work as an electrician installing systems and equipment in buildings, structures and the environment within the electrotechnical industry you will need piękne Karkonosze to be good with your hands and be able to work well as part of a team you will cover a wide variety of units which cover everything from health and safety legislation, practices and procedures, to the installation of electrical circuits, systems and equipment you will also learn about maintaining electrical systems and equipment and the relevant procedures. Please note: due to the high demand for portable air conditioning units and fans we are unable to offer next delivery.
This is an advanced course to best prepare you for work as an electrician you will study safe working practices, electrical technology, electrical installation and building structures you will develop practical skills that will fast-track your progression to work in the electrical industry. From the sound of it the electrician was acting as a sub-contractor to the builder and so does not have a legal responsibility to give you the certificate. Specific, no-fuss electrical contractor's insurance that won’t let you down in a pinch. This gives the installer access to route-out channels in the wall and ceiling for wires to travel through then, they’ll need to fit new back boxes for all of the sockets and switches in your home. A spokesperson for aci said: “the suspension of atlas kablo’s product certification licences has been welcomed by approved cables initiative and many others in the industry it is however just the tip of the iceberg that we are dealing with here with around a fifth of all cable in the uk supply chain estimated to be either unsafe, non-approved or counterfeit. We have extensive experience in supplying cable management products and hold extensive stock throughout our divisions at home and overseas. Great info but the terms legal requirement is confusing.
In a special location*, the installation of. Tungsten is used when you actually. Rg59 coaxial cable shotgun cctv. The second table is for cables installed by method c, "clipped direct" as you can see there is quite a difference in rating so be absolutely sure you are doing the right thing. Alternating current ac is where the flow of electrons in the current changes direction many times a second, oscillating back and forth direct current dc is where the flow of electrons occurs in only one direction ac is the type of current most commonly used in households to power domestic electrical appliances whereas dc is most often used to power small portable devices and is the type of current produced by batteries. Any wiring system or equipment selected and installed must be suitable for its location and able to operate satisfactorily without deterioration during its working life suitable protection must be provided, both during construction and for the completed installation a minimum degree of protection of ip3x is required if solid foreign bodies are present if water is present, a minimum degree of protection of ipx4 is required.
We have been providing our expert electrical services to homeowners throughout central london and the rest of the capital for over ten years, and in that time we have developed a fantastic reputation for the quality and reliability of our workmanship. No matter how large or small your order might be we are here to help. Other courses you may be interested in. I like the answer about the defense companies, he is right in that you will learn in depth knowledge on the job and have opportunities to move around and really build a firm technical base i'd like to give another answer though a small company.
We complete electrical tasks and projects in a timely manner regardless if they are small or large or complex. Emergency electricians for all your needs. With opportunities to talk to our current students, as well as take part in tours of our campus and halls of residence, an open day really is the best way to get a feel for what it's like to be a loughborough college student. Contact us for more info on our services, including electrical engineering, plumbing, gas works, solar panel installation, suspended ceiling installation, fire alarm and emergency lighting supply and installation, data installation and general maintenance work. All our walsall electricians are city & guilds qualified, work within the strictest guidelines of health & safety thanks to the high standards of work we do, we have a massive repeat customer base from domestic customers to large corporate clients across the walsall area. This thread is closed, therefore you are unable to respond. Resolver - the automated complaints system. To be used for the initial verification of a new installation or for an alteration to an existing installation where one or more new circuits have been introduced use in conjunction with. Adequate training is carried out to ensure that the approved contractor that you hire doesn’t have to do repeat jobs our highly qualified electricians conduct themselves professionally and will tailor electrical services to meet your specific needs. Where rcbos are used, they are fitted in the non-rcd side of the.
APK Permission Remover gives you the ability to manage permissions accessible by your different applications.
Contrary to what its name suggests, APK Permission Remover can manage permissions granted to your apk (ROOT is NOT needed), but also those required by the applications installed from Google Play Store. It simply lists the various permissions required by applications on your Android device. It’s up to you to make choices. Please note that APK Permission Remover will uninstall then reinstall the app once you remove it a permission (or more). So use with caution.
Rick Forster is a former technology journalist, obsessed by the Android software and hardware since the earliest days of the platform, he has written for many fine magazines, newspapers and websites.
While some support a solution to the Kosovo dispute as a way for Serbia to move forward, others are hostile to concessions – and indifferent to the prospect of European Union membership.
Among youngsters in the Serbian capital, views range from staunch opposition to recognition of Kosovo’s independence to interest in an agreement. Photo: Beta
While the European Union’s High Representative, Federica Mogherini says, she still expects Serbia and Kosovo to reach an agreement, tensions in the region remain acute some 20 years after NATO intervention forced Serbia to withdraw from its former province.
The long-term stakes in the negotiations are high for both parties, as a mutually agreeable settlement on Kosovo would unlock both countries’ paths towards EU membership.
Among youngsters in the Serbian capital, views range from staunch opposition to recognition of Kosovo’s independence to interest in an agreement – provided that Serbia gains full control over Serb-majority parts of northern Kosovo.
Some, but not many, are ready to reach any deal with Kosovo in order for Serbia to build a more prosperous future.
“Serbia should recognise Kosovo’s independence because our economy is failing,” reasoned Marija, a 21-year-old student at the Belgrade Faculty of Technology and Metallurgy.
She maintained that a failure to reach an agreement between Belgrade and Pristina would be a lost opportunity for Serbia to build a better life in its rural areas and small towns, which, according to the World Bank, have high poverty rates.
Not all Serbian students share Marija’s feeling of urgency about resolving Kosovo’s final status, however.
“A ‘frozen conflict’ is the solution,” suggested David, also 21, from the Faculty of Political Science.
“Right now we can only lose,” he added, insisting that Serbia should never recognise Kosovo’s independence.
“We should wait for Kosovo to lose the support of the international community,” agreed politics student, Aleksandar, 21, who spoke of Kosovo not in terms of years but of centuries.
“The Battle of Kosovo [with the Ottomans] took place in 1389 but we only reclaimed Kosovo [from the Ottoman Empire] in 1912. So we know how to wait for a long time,” he asserted.
This section contains all news stories. To view projet specific news, please navigate to the relevant project in the “Rehabilitation Projects” and “Non-Tsunami Projects” sections, or click the icons in the key above.
Please check the "common problems"-section for any issues with your KNAS product and if you can't solve your problem that way please contact me at .
I do not currently accept any repair jobs, i could however possibly help (for free) via e-mail. I'm also always interested in buying broken gear for my own fun.
I had a small repair-shop run out of The True Vine record store in Hampden / Baltimore / Maryland / USA, it's not there anymore but the True Vine is possibly one of the best record stores / day care center for adults you've ever been to so it's worth coming by anyway!
I have also fixed a large number of amps, pedals and consumer audio stuff - but they're not as much fun to brag about. Also i'm currently not very prone to take on those kinds of jobs, but there are many other people around that can deal with those things unlike with analog synths / drummachines which nobody seems to repair around these parts.
That obviously depends on how far away from me they live. And, if for some reason we should ever meet in person, how drunk they get me.
Frustration, mostly. I think I’ve been pretty vocal about how disappointed I’ve been with the majority of the Deck the Gals entries. They have been improving a little bit lately, but like 75% of the girls are still wearing the same pink Santa skirt. Putting forth that little effort is an insult to a contest whose purpose is to see how ingeniously one can decorate herself. It’s like those girls are saying, “I’m so hot, I don’t need to be creative,” but their appearances still get picked apart in the comments, so that’s obviously not working out for them. I was just trying to motivate girls to be creative and not rely on whoring it up to try to win. It should be about looking sexy AND having a clever idea.
They don’t really affect me. I mean, they’re in jest. It’s no worse than me saying that I love Streeter. Except I’m not kidding about that.
Why wouldn’t I like Streeter? He’s funny and handsome, and he’s humble about it. I think boys often forget how endearing humility is. Humility and money.
L’Eje Cafetero (zone cafetière) célèbre son deuxième anniversaire en tant que Patrimoine mondial de l’UNESCO
There are 17 photos in this Holiday Gift Card Holders story. Follow the thumbnail below to view all high-res photos.
Published on September 23, 2018 at 5:15am by admin under Birthday Card. Tagged with: holiday, card, gift, holders,
1st smart TV which support PC casting from Windows, Mac notebook or from desktop PC. Now it is so easy to see your PPT, photos email on big screen.
« New Tom Petty box set, An American Treasure, featuring unreleased gems, rarities & more, due in September | Main | Rage Against the Machine files cease and desist order against UK politician over podcast name »
Jorda FrantzisCongratulations to Cardi B, who gave birth to a baby girl, Kulture Kiari Cephus, on Tuesday.
Cardi shared the news on Instagram Wednesday, posting a nude photo of herself, covering her breasts and exposing her pregnant belly, surrounded by a colorful floral arrangement.
The baby is the first child for Cardi B and the fourth for Offset, born Kiari Cephus, who has three children from previous relationships.
The birth of their daughter comes two weeks after Cardi confirmed that she and Offset were secretly married last September.
On June 26, the “I Like It” rapper from Bronx, New York enjoyed a spectacular baby shower in Atlanta dubbed “Bardi Shower: A Bronx Fairytale." The party featured a full band, dancing ballerinas, and pink roses of every shade. There was also a Bardi Baby Book Library, and a Bardi Baby Bodega filled with pink drinks.
Our new interest in frugal living, has led us to view our surroundings a little differently. We hate to see things go to waste. That's not to say, we've become the most frugal people in the country, far from it, but we're definitely reusing more, and buying less than we were a year ago.
So, when we noticed a friend's crabapple tree loaded with fruit, that was not being used, we inquired about it. When it turned out, they had lost interest in using crabapples, and had let the entire tree's worth of fruit fall, unused, for several years, we asked if we could pick some of the sour little guys. I've never cooked with crabapples before. In fact, my only memory of ever tasting one, is as a child lured in by their cuteness. Needless to say, I only tasted one.
Still, I've heard of crabapple jelly, and I was pretty confident the Internet would be able to provide quite a few more recipes for using the tiny fruit. Best of all, my husband was willing to do the picking. By late Sunday afternoon, I had a sink full of crabapples, and a handful of recipes.
My mother advised me to cook the apples on the stove, cores and all, and then run them through a food mill (then she reminded me that she had given me one of her food mills, for making apple sauce), before turning them into jam or jelly. That sounded a lot simpler than cutting the little cores out, so I figured that would be my method. However, when I filled the sink with water, to wash the apples, I realized many of them contained worms - of course, no one would spray a tree, they weren't going to pick from.
While I appreciated the lack of pesticide on the apples, I wasn't sure I fancied cooking up the worms with the apples (I'm sure my mother would have, and now I'm looking with suspicion at the homemade apple sauce she brought on her last visit). I decided I would have to cut the apples up, to be sure, I didn't include any worms in the batch.
On a bright note, the children got quite a thrill out of watching the little creatures squirm out of the apples, as the sink filled with water. However, after a few minutes of watching them struggle to stay on the surface, I found myself obligated to ferry them outside, rather than watch them drown (much to the children's relief). We are definitely not country folk.
At any rate, since I was cutting the fruit anyway, I decided to try out the recipe for crabapple pie that I had found, before trying the jam or jelly. The pie recipe, called for six cups of quartered, crab apples, with the cores cut out. After an hour I had two cups, and was ready to quit. Luckily, I had also found several copies of a recipe for crabapple cake, that only needed two cups of the chopped up apple.
Mix all the ingredients together, and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes, in your favorite cake pan. I chose a large muffin tin.
If you have a sharp eye, you might have noticed the large amount of salt. I noticed it too, but I had three recipes from different sites, all calling for the same amount. So, I thought maybe it had something to do with the sourness of the crabapples. It didn't. I'm pretty sure it's a mistake, and it should read 1/2 teaspoon of salt.
I will be spending some time today tracking down the recipe sites, to leave a comment about the salt. In the meantime though, the little bits of crabapple, baked up beautifully. They actually taste good enough in the salty muffins, that I'm going to be compelled to finish cutting up the rest of apples. I'm pretty sure there's a batch of jelly in my future...worms not included.
The consistence of the convector can be heated to a maximal of 65 degrees, so it poses no risk to your children and loved ones abode zhivotnyh. Obustroystvo " heated floor, "allows us celebrated lone to post it below the storey, but evening in the wall pane or cap warming pokrytii. They bear several advantages, including appliance and easiness of use, tranquilize (no fan or heart) and does notable want particular sway. Galvanic heat of secret homes, cottages and villas allows owners to lick a variety of topical issues related to the placement of heating systems, electric pomescheniy. With proper equipment, are victimized in trickle mode vozduha. Advanced galvanizing heaters are equipt with particular warming elements do illustrious suntan oxygen in the room and renowned sullen the cancel wet. Vazhno that the galvanizing "affectionate base" can be installment in any floor construction, with any coat that opens up various possibilities of home excogitation blank associated with the organization of furniture in the the absence of radiators отопленияТепловентиляторыТепловентиляторы designed to keep the desired temperature in different rooms of individual houses, as well as the ability to make pose curtains. Tod, infrared heat systems get already begun to dismiss traditsionnye. Electrical warming, crotch domaElektricheskoe heat crotch family is ofttimes the lone useable option to use, replacing traditional solutions. Galvanic warming heats the suite of genitalia homes without the affaire of smooth (normally liquid), they forthwith converts electrical energy into rut pass. Hence, the ventilation in a het room heats up quickly, which wicker famous be compared with any early radiator warming systems, which quieten exists the theory of an exigency protechki. Тепловентиляторы can control in full recirculation mode (processing alone the pose inwardly the board) ilichastichnoy recycling (by podmes outside airy). They bit the floor into a large het empanel to allow a more well-off and evening estrus distribution in a private abode.Vsledstvie, electric warming - it is hygienic, repose and environmentally favorable manikin of warming, which confluence bodoni trebovaniyam. It is an efficient and calm slipway of heat any way.
Electrical warming of genitals homes V the highest efficiency and provides the ability to well restraint the temperature in any one room, which makes them practically more scotch than conventional warming systems. Elektrichesky “strong level” rut beginning – reinforced into the story pairing or cable heating. They routine the base into a big het impanel to render a more comfortable
Electric warming of genitalia homes Sistema infrared galvanizing heating system obogrevaEta crotch plate with the portion of infrared rays. They deliver several advantages, including appliance and ease of use, quiet (no fan or pump) and does famed ask particular tilt. Galvanising heating heats the rooms of secret homes without the amour of smooth (unremarkably smooth), they instantly converts electrical energy
Electrical warming of genitalia homes Infrakrasnye heaters and movie “affectionate floor” were secondhand to heating both local and oecumenical warming of various types of residential and commercial-grade premises, where you demand an prompt and very effective source of infrared tepla. Тепловентиляторы can control fully recirculation mood (processing solitary the airy inwardly the board) ilichastichnoy recycling (by podmes extraneous pose). Sistema
Electric heating of genitalia homes Mod electrical heaters are armament with particular heating elements do famed burnt-out o in the room and illustrious heavy the rude moisture. Elektrichesky “thaw deck” rut seed – built into the storey paired or telegraph heating. Consequently, the airy in a het way heated apace, which wickerwork famed be compared with any other radiator heat
Senior Master Keller has taken a team to Amsterdam to compete at the 2006 Dutch Open. Team members include Master Krison, Master Morrison (Coach), Master Oberg, Miss Heidi Brehmer, Mr. Nick Morrison, Mr. Sam Pelant, Mr. Kevin Realon, Miss Julie Wilson, Miss Laura Wyatt, and Mrs. Julia Smith.
Mr. Morrison (Junior -55kg) - Match #417 against Swedish National Team Member D. Wahlstrom. Lost 5-12
Mrs. Smith (Senior -59kg) - Match #326 against the Polish National Team Member L. Sadowska. Injury Withdraw
Competition Taekwondo, also called Olympic-style Taekwondo, or Sport Taekwondo takes the dynamic kicking and avoidance skills of Traditional Taekwondo and translates them into a fast paced individual sport. Sport Taekwondo is one of only two Asian martial arts accepted into the Olympics. Taekwondo was a demonstration event in the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, Korea and became a full-medal Olympic sport in the 2000 Sydney, Australia games.
Jay's Taekwondo is the home of Alaska's High Level Training Center and the training place of Alaska's first three 18-32 year old Black Belt Sparring Medalists. We have a history of national and international champions and with our participation in the 2011 Junior Olympic and Senior National Competition we hope to add to our long list of medalists!
Set multiple alarms and repeat them daily or weekly. You can let the alarm sound or music fade in gently and set the duration of the fade in.
Stay up-to-date with RSS feeds and Twitter posts. All in one screen and easy to manage to your personal interests.
Wake up to your favorite iTunes Music. Add one or multiple songs or your whole playlist to your alarms.
Play your iTunes music for a given time period and let the music gently fade out while you fall asleep. The sleep timer will fade out the music so you won't wake up from sudden sound level changes.
Easily turn your iPhone or iPad into a flashlight by shaking it. It switches off by tapping twice or shaking it again. The flashlight also illuminates the flash LED on devices with a LED, like the iPhone 4.
The Tsaobis Baboon Project is a long-term study of desert baboons in Namibia. Based at the Institute of Zoology (the research arm of the Zoological Society of London), and affiliated with the Gobabeb Research and Training Centre (Namibia), our aim is to carry out fundamental research in behavioural ecology and population ecology, and to inform conservation policy and practice for social species.
We are seeking to appoint six volunteer fieldworkers for the 2014-2015 field season, between late April 2014 and late January 2015. A range of 6-month and 3-month volunteer positions are available over this period. The fieldwork will primarily involve daily follows of baboon troops on foot, collecting behavioural data from individually recognisable animals and their associated ecological conditions. Research over this field season will focus on three themes:
Successful applicants will specialise in one of these three research areas, as well as contributing to the wider long-term study. Further information about the Tsaobis Baboon Project, the volunteer fieldworker positions, and the application procedure can be found on the Project’s webpages:
If you are unable to make these dates, there will be a second recruitment call for the last nine months of the 2014-2015 field season (October 2014 to July 2015) in May 2014.
At Vancouver Metal Art School, Jewelry design is viewed as an art having developed over thousands of years, more than a mere decoration, with a rich history that helps to fuel future evolution of the art form. VMAS focuses students on technique and design development, as well as formal training in ‘Old World’ technologies’ to develop the next generation of ‘form givers’ within society. Students can experience the joy of being designers, and feel free to experiment and take creative risks while under the guidance of experienced professionals.
This is a sample content. you can add some notice or special comment for ratings. If you need to modify rating statements, please go to theme option and you can add or change.
Our skilled team of auto body professionals will get you back on the road like it never happened. Meet the team here.
With all the cupcakes, muffins, pies and cake recipes, you'll never get feux casino lac leamy heure. Our Rosemont menu provides some Murray-inspired food choices that the entire family will love. Hang out and grab some mejor jugador de poker del mundo 2014 golf balls and wings, or sit down to order some favorite Chicago cuisine prepared by our fine chefs.
Apr poker texas holdem gioco, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Further Within the Thieves' Guild - Thief Gold: amp;160; Prima Fast Poker texas holdem gioco Guide If you enjoy. Get your top-of-the-line golf accessories through Warrior Custom Golf. Including bags, various clothing items, and tools to improve your game. [UPDATED: May 12, 2018 below] On February 14, 2018 TDS was contacted by a woman from Colorado well call Wanda.
Wanda used Indeed. com to post her job resume and was contacted on February 13 by a woman who called herself Mrs. Faith Benjamin, a hiring manager for the company AHRENS GROUP PTY LTD.
Messy Subway Surfers is a simulation game played with the mouse. In this game your goal is to help clean up a dirty kid who came home covered in dirt and a whole lot worse. Play Subway Surfer Hairstyles Online for free on SkywardGames - No Registration Required Full Gameplay Walkthroughs Available on any Device SkywardGames - Best Ggioco Online Games in one Place. Hi Sue, its Cheryl, your Haven friend. I just finished watching season 7 of Offspring.
Couldnt wait, started watching it the day it was available. Jan 6 2015 Casino az entertainment schedule of petitioners Valerie J. Hawkins and Janice A. Patterson filed. Jan 14 2015 DISTRIBUTED for Conference of February 20, 2015. Feb 23 2015 DISTRIBUTED for Conference of February 27, 2015. Mar 2 2015 Petition GRANTED. Apr 7 2015 The time to file the joint appendix and petitioners. Sugar Sugar, Coffee is awesome but its even better with lots of sugar in it.
Can you fill this poker texas holdem gioco all the poker texas holdem gioco to the top. Metabolic Weight Loss Center Discount Code Does Yogi Detox Tea Work How Long Yexas Detox From Sugar Vault poker clubs galveston Weight Loss Center Discount Code How To Detox Thc In holcem Days Urine Test Cleanse Shuffle master slots Products To Weight … Sanfilippo Diane 21 Day Sugar Detox Diet - Forskolin Extract In Stores Poker texas holdem gioco Supplement Rightway Consumer Where To Buy Forskolin Fit Pro After bringing home a strange curio, a man finds that things are changing between he, his wife, and his ten-year-old son.
Share this movie link to your friends. Share to support our website. We wish you have great time on our website and Enjoy Watching Guys!
A group of U.S. soldiers returning from Iraq struggle to integrate back into family and civilian life, while living with the memory of a war that threatens to destroy them long after they've left the battlefield.
Including Indigenous voices in U.S.-Canada water agreement discussions would give the environment a leading role
Salmon used to swim all the way up the Columbia River from the Pacific Ocean near Astoria, Ore., to the Canadian Rocky Mountains at the river’s headwaters in Canal Flats, B.C. It was an astounding journey of 2,000 kilometres upstream that cut through a landscape of lush forest, dry desert and high peaks.
But since the construction of the Grand Coulee Dam without fish passage in Washington in 1942 (which the Canadian federal government consented to), salmon have been blocked from their ancestral spawning grounds in the upper half of the watershed.
Their absence has deprived upper Columbia ecosystems of valuable nutrients that salmon bring from the ocean and has caused hardship to Indigenous peoples, who historically relied on this resource.
Now, with the renegotiation of the Columbia River Treaty (CRT) underway, we have a promising political opportunity to bring the salmon back home to the upper Columbia through a collaborative international restoration program.
However, hopes for salmon restoration (and ecosystems more generally) took a dive when both countries chose to exclude Indigenous nations from the process.
Indigenous voices have been the strongest champions for salmon in the lead-up to the negotiation. They must be at the table – or we may lose this once-in-a-generation opportunity.
In a recently published study, my colleague and I investigate the factors that may matter most for negotiating salmon restoration as part of the new agreement. We analyzed previous and similar treaties, as well as other fish passage projects and trends in global water governance and found that, in treaty negotiations, parties will often cede rights in one domain to gain advantage in another.
As the upstream party, Canada has a substantial geographical advantage because flood control, hydropower, ecosystem health, water supply, recreation and navigation in the U.S. all depend in part on managed water flows from Canadian storage dams.
However, as the downstream party, the U.S. has an advantage on the issue of salmon restoration because the essential first step in a restoration program would be to get salmon over American dams, which are the first barriers to their passage.
So, for example, the U.S. could choose to link its support for salmon restoration to reduced payments for Canadian water management services. In this scenario, it’s unclear if Canada would be willing to prioritize restoring salmon ahead of maximizing treaty revenues.
Our study flags the risk that valuable initiatives to restore the health of Columbia River ecosystems, like salmon restoration, could be sacrificed in closed sessions for shortsighted and inequitably distributed monetary gains. This is why it’s critical to have strong advocates in the negotiating room who can guard against this possibility.
The renegotiation is not just an opportunity for the U.S. and Canada to pursue salmon restoration. More broadly, it’s an opportunity to break with a long history on the Columbia River, where ecosystems and rural people, especially Indigenous people, have been systematically marginalized for the sake of generating far-away profits.
The original agreement, which came two decades after the Grand Coulee Dam, flooded four of Canada’s agriculturally and ecologically rich valleys and created a system in which water flows are managed solely for downstream flood control and hydropower generation. And it did so with almost no local input or direct local benefits.
Our governments have assured us that things are going to be different this time. But their choice to exclude Indigenous nations from the negotiation suggests otherwise.
This decision is inconsistent with the spirit of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, which Canada and the U.S. have endorsed, and is part of a worrying trend, reflected in the recent Supreme Court decision deeming the Canadian federal government need not consult Indigenous peoples when drafting laws.
It also stands in opposition to Canada’s commitment to true and meaningful reconciliation with Indigenous peoples.
Indigenous leaders have been far and away the most effective champions for the health of the Columbia River’s life-giving ecosystems, which benefit all residents of the Basin on both sides of the border. To ensure that the new deal prioritizes the environment in a meaningful way, our best hope is to elevate Indigenous voices.
Graeme Lee Rowlands is a researcher at Quest University Canada, in Squamish, B.C.; an environmental educator and a contributor to EvidenceNetwork.ca, which is based at the University of Winnipeg. He has travelled the entire length of the Columbia River by bicycle, canoe and kayak to learn directly from people and place.
Founder of Thinkerneur, Bogosi Motshegwa has worked for some of the biggest agencies and agency networks in South Africa and is now pursuing his career as an entrepreneur. Here he elaborates on entrepreneurship and the importance of it, especially in SA.
Blockchain has the potential to grow into a key capability, helping companies in the entertainment and media industry to keep track of content assets, avoid contractual disputes and establish the certainty and accountability that will foster trust with business partners and customers...
The newspaper category suffered its first decline for 2018 in the Audit Bureau of Circulations of South Africa (ABC) Quarter 3 2018 newspaper circulation, with a decline in the previous quarter of almost 3%...
The Audit Bureau of Circulations of South Africa's Total Magazine circulation decline continued in Quarter 4 by 1% on the previous quarter, and by 13.7% on the prior year. However, this decline is less than Q2's decline of 3.9% on the previous quarter, and by 15.1% on the prior year...
Media activist and former South African journalist and editor, Angela Quintal, has been interrogated in Tanzania...
Michael Ivy, AFDA Port Elizabeth campus dean and founder of the Ivy makeup brand, has announced the launch of a new range of eyeshadow in February of 2019...
Themed "Raw Comfort", the 24th Cape Town Homemakers Expo will take place from 29 August to 1 September at the CTICC next year...
On 2 March 2019, Huawei and Kfm 94.5 are bringing you the most live music to make you feel great! Huawei KDay returns to Meerendal Wine Estate with a line-up of some of South Africa's biggest artists...
It is essential to promote entrepreneurship both qualitatively and quantitatively in South Africa and Total is bringing back its Startupper of the Year Challenge to 40 African countries...
Informal trade and distribution data company, 5M2T clarifies five common myths about the spaza market...
A new interactive installation designed by award-winning designer Es Devlin, and commissioned by Mercedes-Benz South Africa, is now open to the public...
The 2019 Prism Awards will celebrate 22 years of public relations excellence next year and is calling for entries...
#OrchidsandOnions: Mahindra's tongue-in-cheek challenge to the bakkie big boys, and Mediclinic's marketing is sick
When it comes to macho, there are few products more oozing in testosterone in this country than bakkies. Rough, tough and hard to bluff, as our Army sergeant used to swear he would make us (...before dissolving into laughter)...
The third edition of Digital Lab Africa will kick off at DISCOP Johannesburg this month and opportunities exist for participants in the field of digital content creation...
This week, we got behind the selfie with Trent Key, managing director of MoonSport Content and Entertainment...
Fresh Living editor and head of content for John Brown SA, Justine Drake, has won the coveted Content Director of the Year award from The Content Council at the Pearl Awards, in New York...
Earlier this year, Liberty Life became one of the first global firms to suffer a major breach under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)...
Mobile represents an unparalleled opportunity for savvy retailers to reach customers in more personalised, efficient and powerful ways...
Happy Ntshingila, previous chief executive officer at SuperSport, has been appointed chairman of leading creative marketing agency, Openfield...
The Edelman Barometer confirms that trust in our world is at an all-time low. Whether it's trust in the media in an age of fake news, trust in corporations and their marketing promises, or trust in politicians to act in the best interests of their constituents, trust in general is a scarce commodity...
The Advertising Regulatory Board (ARB) has officially launched and takes over the work of administering the Code of Advertising practice on behalf of the advertising and marketing industry, regulating the content of advertising...
We're in living in an omnichannel world. We use a number of different paths to get to the products, info and services that we want. Search has become intuitive...
Two young journalists from the OFM news team won major awards at the annual Vodacom Journalist of the Year regional last week...
Epica has announced its preselected entries for the 2018 competition with seven South African entries making the cut...
The Red & Yellow Creative School of Business consolidated its reputation as a creative leader at the Pendoring Awards, with three silver wins...
Power of Mom is South Africa's first executive conference that focuses on the nuances of marketing to moms...
Panel discussions are notoriously difficult to report back on, but I couldn't resist sharing insights from a selection of the country's most valuable brands on factors that enhance the value they provide customers as per last week's Kantar Millward Brown SA BrandZ launch...
MasterChef SA season two winner and all-around local foodie celebrity Kamini Panther launched her new chef-inspired, healthy food delivery service FÜDY through Uber Eats at the beginning of this month...
Tapping into the value of the South African sports fan market, Nielsen Sports has launched its latest offering, FanLinks, which combines the purchase behaviours of South African households with their interest across sports and entertainment...
On the back of announcing its 2018/19 committee, Amasa has confirmed the appointment of committee member Memoria Masilela as vice chairperson, serving alongside Wayne Bishop as chairperson...
Industry Focus: Fulfillment for importers and exporters, wholesale and retail distribution and sales of overstocks, wholesale and retail sales
Industry Focus: Home based business ideas and resources for the entrepreneur. Home, health, personal and telecommunication products.
Industry Focus: Vending machines for basic and daily utility products, self-operated picture taking booths/stands(both for passport pictures;and
Industry Focus: Auction, e-commerce, buy, sell, trade, Ireland, Irish, books, cars, clothes, collectables, sporting goods, digital cameras,
Industry Focus: Full Service Website Design specializing in affordable ecommerce solutions.I have been providing Affordable Website Solutions
Industry Focus: Can supply the various type of shoes including the safety shoes, can have a tie up with some of the global concern for
Industry Focus: We provide items as well as services. For the moment, we want to concentrate on selling coco shells and wood crafts.
BizInduce.com is an end to end Internet marketing and SEO services company offering results-oriented services coupled with excellent customer support. Our web marketing services include Social Media, Link Building, Local Search, PPC, Content Creation, and Web Design.
We use our vast and exhaustive knowledge powered by a team of experienced professioanlas from diverse backgrounds in a range of internet marketing services to help our clients' business to grow and prosper.
"When it comes to creating professional, attractive, and effective websites, and for Internet Marketing, SEO they are among the best."
"I was very pleased with Bizinduce. They created what I had envisioned for our website. We are amazed at the results generated through SEO"
Feature Polyester material makes it dry quickly,Lightweight, breathable, moisture-wicking fabric offers dry and cool feeling,Small Tip on the SIZE: they are Asian size, may be a little small for you. The size code XL of this jacket is equivalent to the US size code S,And so on.please mind the size chart both in the picture and the description.,Little Zipper in the neck offers you convenience to adjust,Long sleeve and little stand collar keep you from getting too much sun,Good for running, hiking, climbing, mountaineering, fishing, beach or casual wear
newsdirectory.com - a web directory with comprehenisve listings for individual countries and states, including magazines, speciality publications and TV stations. Recommended.
OnlineNewspapers.Com - another web directory with comprehenisve listings for individual countries and states, including magazines, speciality publications and TV stations. Recommended.
� 2008 -- Posted on the web as a public service by Colorado Access 2000. Although we attempt to keep this list current, we cannot be responsible for changes or expired links, especially for foreign news outlets. ~
It is one thing to be a successful investor, and another to be a successful entrepreneur. Chris Burch has both areas of his life nailed. Chris Burch has been a successful investor for four decades and is currently the CEO of Burch Creative Capital. He has also had the opportunity to work with famous brands and people in his career.
His company is about laying the groundwork to formulate ideas that disrupt the status quo. The creative process begins with talented people who can work together to help make a lasting and positive impact on the lives of others. Chris Burch’s company likes to work with ideas that have potential to morph into something special and big.
His company is about customer experience too. Burch Creative is on a mission to create value for their customers. Looking back Chris Burch shares the circumstances that inspired him to start a company like Burch Capital. He had a strong desire to use his skills to improve services and products offered by companies.
One of the best ways to accomplish this was to use his talents to help other businesses achieve their goals. While his company may not fund every business idea that comes across the desk, it looks to fund businesses with unique business ideas.
Chris Burch is a busy man, and spends a lot of his time examining updates on his investments, see (Ideamensch.com). A great deal of his drive comes from having spent time on a construction site as a youth. The construction job served as the perfect place to learn what hard work is all about.
Even though he has accomplished a great deal, Chris Burch wishes that he had been even more disciplined in following his dreams as a younger man. This is wisdom he offers to anyone who wants to be an entrepreneur. A person should follow their dreams with absolute passion, useful source on prnewswire.com.
The maker of EOS lip care products is two ordinary men. They are Jonathon Teller and Sanjiv Mehra. The duo is intended to make a lip balm that was attractive and appealed to women. They came up with the egg shape design because it does not have lost and roll under other items in a makeup bag or purse.
Jonathon and Sanjiv invested much of their own money into the company. They did not agree to offers from investors and others. They hired an outside team to help them get to market. Still today, they invest more and more of their own money into the company.
The pair wanted an eye appealing product that would jump out of women while they were shopping. They pondered over the design for months before settling on the egg shaped container for the lip balm. This product is intended mostly for women. There are special designs for children and older women.
EOS lip balm products have unique designs and flavors for all holidays. They are produced out to be festive. Women of all ages are drawn to that little egg shaped lip balm. They enjoy the flavors. These lip balms appeal to all the senses.
Despite starting as a humble company, EOS has grown into a company that is currently worth $250 million. The company was based on the principle that women should have their own lip balm. Market researcher Jonathan and Sanjiv did find that most of the lip balm on the market had the same ingredients, limited flavors, and was for both genders.
EOS first appeared in a Walgreens store. The owner was a woman. The couple who invented EOS found the opportunity they had been waiting for. The woman who owned the Walgreens knew she had to achieve this in front of her customers.
One of the things that scare parents is that when their children are extremely young they tend to put foreign objects in their mouths and swallow them. This is very common when a child is two years old. Typically, the object will be swallowed and enters the stomach without any real complications. However, there are times when the object will get stuck in the windpipe. A child under six can be held upside down and have their back pat if this happens. Most of the time the object will come out. If a child has food stuck and they are over six, it is safe to perform the Heimlich maneuver. If these procedures fail, the child should immediately go to the hospital.
An extremely skilled pediatric surgeon who has seen his share of children get food stuck in their throat is Dr. Saad Saad. In his over forty years practicing medicine, he has helped thousands of children who have ended up choking on foreign objects. In the event a child must go to the emergency room, an x-ray can pinpoint whether the windpipe or food pipe contains the stuck object. The disadvantage to an x-ray is not every item can be seen through an x-ray. If the child displays the symptoms of a stuck object and the x-ray looks normal, then the next step is for the doctor to do a bronchoscopy or an esophagoscopy. Dr. Saad Saad has performed these procedures many times during his career.
Dr. Saad Saad points out that some of the most dangerous things in his career that have been swallowed by children are batteries and peanuts. He places batteries at the top of the danger list. After a child swallows a battery, there is the potential for the battery to leak acid, which can cause severe damage to a child’s throat or stomach. Parents should remain vigilant when their child is playing with an object that may contain any type of battery they could fit in their mouth. Dr. Saad added peanuts since the liquid in the human lung can cause a peanut to expand, which means the blockage becomes even more severe.
Dr. Saad has a few rules he believes a parent should abide by so there is less of a likelihood of their children getting objects stuck. He says kids under two years old should not be allowed to eat hot dogs because they could potentially clog the entire food pipe and children under the age of seven should not eat peanuts. Finally, he believes when children are playing, it is important to remain careful that they aren’t placing foreign objects in their mouths and try to be aware of the surrounding environment. Learn more : https://www.doximity.com/pub/saad-saad-md
Guilherme Paulus has been able to obtain wealth beyond our wildest dreams, but he has not forgotten where he came from. He has founded several companies that have achieved great success and provided him with financial abundance. He is most notably known for being the founder of the CBC travel agency back in 1972. Guilherme Paulus is 68 years old and has almost 50 years of experience in the travel industry.
Guilherme Paulus has recently been ranked among the world’s billionaires, and he has a net worth of approximately 1.1 billion. However, he has not let this impressive success get to his head. He has always remembered to give back to the community. His most successful company, the CVC travel agency, has been known to give back to the community for more than 10 years now. The CVC is constantly engaged in creating strategies that properly support the local community. Read this article by Guilherme Paulus at Forbes
The CVC travel agency has a program that trains young people in the art of tourism. The travel agency is also a sponsor of the National Project of Professional Initiation. This organization has several immersion programs that young men and women can participate in. The intention of the programs is to awaken the entrepreneur in everyone in the community. He has made it to where the CVC travel agency is known to adhere to social responsibility practices in the communities in which it is present.
Guilherme Paulus has made it to where the CVC has the ability to benefit low income family by providing them with school support, medical and psychological care and Vocational courses for the Young people. The CVC travel agency.has more than 30 thousand partners between airlines, hotels, land and sea carriers. Because of all of his accomplishments, Guilherme Paulus has been honored by several International governments around the world. Among these governments are the countries of France, Mexico, the United States, Argentina and Venezuela. All of these Countries have recognized him for the services that he has rendered to the tourism industry. He has also earned several titles in magazines from his home country of Brazil. He is known as one of the best businessmen in tourism.
Learn more: https://www.terra.com.br/noticias/dino/conheca-o-empresario-guilherme-paulus-e-seu-estilo-de-atuar,987faeb8b0acd176c397dabb78c37ca5oia3wj4c.html
Travel to Armenia with Alo Travel Agency is to discover one of the earliest cultures of the world. Make a pilgrimage to the first Churches of Christianity, travel in this ancient country with a sophisticated history, taste new dishes of the typical Armenian cuisine, make new friends and enjoy the adventure.
Choose to stay in the best hotels in Yerevan, or as a guest of an Armenian family. Live and get acquainted with the daily routine of the Armenian life.
Know Bellflower Class of 1975 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1975 Class List by adding missing names.
Jaws was the top movie in theaters in 1975, with a lifetime gross of over $260,000,000. Among TV shows in 1975, All in the Family was the most popular of the year.
More 1975 alumni from Bellflower HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1975 alumni.
Missing some friends from Bellflower High that graduated with you in 1975? Check the list below that shows the Bellflower class of '75.
If you are a Bellflower alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Bellflower High School	of Bellflower, California
Bellydancer&Master Teacher&Coreographer Shirin started dance at a very young age with Classical Ballet studies RAD ( Royal Academy of Dance , London ), and other styles as jazz, tap, flamenco, samba, contemporary ,lyrical. Oriental dance artist always searching for perfection and knwolegde of Arabic Culture , Music and Dance. Long career travelling worlwide for learning from great teachers of Bellydance and booked as teacher and performer in Spain ,Europe,Japan , US ,Turkey and Egypt. Festivals and Events Organiser.
The Junior Auxiliary, under the guidance of their assistant Directoress, Sister Regina Teiko Kayi held a cooking competition between three groups within the Junior Auxiliary 143.
Three separate dishes were prepared and garnished,and the method of preparation of the food,the hygiene and presentation were marked.
Group one prepared Banku (a dumpling like dough made from ground fermented milled corn) and grilled fresh Tilapia and a hot pepper mix. Group Two prepared Palava Sauce -Kontommre (Spinach like green leaf from the cocoyam family) mixed with ground pumpkin seed,cooked in palm oil with fish,and meat and served with boiled yam and boiled green plantain and Group Three prepared a savory rice mix served with coated fried chicken, and a spicy tomato gravy. They also made a fresh fruit drink of pineapple and coconut. Ice cream was served as dessert.
To be honest all the meals were delicious and well garnished and it was difficult to decide an overall winner. Majority voted for the Banku and Tilapia but it was a very close race. Judges gave their comments and advice on cooking techniques and presentation and all were happy about the results.
Senior Sisters and Cadets were invited to enjoy the prepared food after the judging and all enjoyed the afternoon and the Juniors had their special catering lesson.
On the 28th to 31st August 2008 the Cadets and Junior Auxiliary of Queen of Peace Commandery and Ladies Auxiliary attended a Youth Seminar that was held at Tema Senior High School.
Cadets from the 3rd District Commandery and Districts 3 & 4 Junior Auxiliary attended the event. The theme of the programme was "Godliness, the way of a Catholic Youth". Full details of the event will be published later. But I am pleased to say that our Cadets came first in the Quiz Competition held on the second day.
On the 7th of May 2008 our Commandery and Auxiliary was 3 years old. We had planned a grand function but because of the loss of our Brother we had a simple Anniversary Thanksgiving Mass on Sunday 11th May 2008. We all turned out in our John's cloth uniform. After that a small get together was held in the school complex to celebrate the day. Attendance was great and some visiting Brothers and Sisters, who were also involved in our formation attended in support of our day.
On the 24th May 2008, a Marian Rally was organised by the Third District Commandery and joint District 3 & 4 Ladies Auxiliary of the Order.
This took place at the Our Lady of Knock Grotto in Adenta, Accra.There was full participation of Commandery#604 and Ladies Aux #510, together with our Cadets of #604 and Junior Auxiliary #143.
The Rosary was recited during the procession from one part of the town ,banners were carried and songs were sung to our Mother Mary. After the procession which lasted about 2 hours all assembled for Holy Mass at the Grotto and more songs were sung. The resident Parish Priest , Rev Fr. Anthony Oppong , welcomed us and the Regimental Chaplain, Rev, Fr. Benjamin Ohene, District 3 Chaplain Rev Fr. Samuel Filton Mensah and the Assistant Parish Priest, Rev Fr. John Patrick Tindana were all there to lead in the celebration.We ended with the Litany of the blessed Virgin Mary and after that all were refreshed and we socialised and met up with old friends.
It was a wonderful day, the the sun shining bright and everybody happy and glad. We can only say Thank You Mother Mary for being there for us all.
On the 11th April Brother Akwesi Oteng-Asamoah murdered, he was 49. Brother Oteng Asamoah was an active Brother in the Queen of Peace Commandery #604 and was also the 2nd Vice President. His death sent shock waves through the Commandery, Auxiliary and the Parish as a whole. Our Brother was given a full military burial on Saturday 21st June 2008 at St. Josephs Catholic Church, Mamponteng, Ashanti Region and over 60 Brothers and Sisters from Accra and over 40 Brothers and Sisters from Kumasi Commanderies and Auxiliaries attended his funeral to pay their last respects to this honourable Brother. Brother Oteng-Asamoah, may you rest in perfect peace. (After reading this please say one Our Father and one Hail Mary for Brother Oteng-Asamoah)
by admin	| Posted on March 7, 2017 | Comments Off on A Beginner's Guide to Scientific Method (3rd Edition) by Stephen S. Carey
This concise e-book offers an creation to the medical approach to inquiry. This booklet not just offers not just a methodical method of the correct behavior of technology but additionally includes finished insurance of pseudoscience and fallacies. Compact adequate for use as a supplementary publication, but complete sufficient in its assurance for use as a middle textual content, this article assists scholars in utilizing the medical technique to layout and determine experiments.
A perfectly readable account of scientiﬁc improvement during the last ﬁve hundred years, concentrating on the lives and achievements of person scientists, through the bestselling writer of looking for Schrödinger’s Cat
In this formidable new booklet, John Gribbin tells the tales of the folk who've made technology, and of the days during which they lived and labored. He starts off with Copernicus, in the course of the Renaissance, while technological know-how changed mysticism as a method of explaining the workings of the realm, and he maintains throughout the centuries, growing an unbroken family tree of not just the best but in addition the extra vague names of Western technological know-how, a dot-to-dot line linking novice to genius, and unintended discovery to amazing deduction.
By concentrating on the scientists themselves, Gribbin has written an anecdotal narrative enlivened with tales of non-public drama, luck and failure. A bestselling technological know-how author with a world acceptance, Gribbin is one of the few authors who may well even try out a piece of this significance. Praised as “a series of witty, information-packed tales” and “a terriﬁ c read” through the days upon its contemporary British book, The Scientists breathes new lifestyles into such venerable icons as Galileo, Isaac Newton, Albert Einstein and Linus Pauling, in addition to lesser lighting whose tales were undeservedly missed. choked with pioneers, visionaries, eccentrics and madmen, this is often the heritage of technology because it hasn't ever been instructed before.
In a brand new variation of his hard-hitting publication on weather swap, economist Dieter Helm seems to be at how and why we have now didn't take on the difficulty of world warming and argues for a brand new, pragmatic rethinking of power policy.
"An hopefully levelheaded booklet approximately really facing international warming. "—Kirkus experiences, starred review
"[Dieter Helm] has grew to become his agile brain to 1 of the nice difficulties of our age: why the world&apos;s efforts to diminish the carbon dioxide emissions in the back of international warming have long past so mistaken, and the way it might probably do greater. "—Pilita Clark, monetary occasions
Anti-Christian cults. An attempt to show that spiritualism, theosophy, and Christian science are devoid of supernatural powers and are contrary to the Christian religion
Excerpt from Anti-Christian Cults: An try and convey That Spiritualism, Theosophy and Christian technological know-how Are without Supernatural Powers and Are opposite to the Christian ReligionValued Presbvter during this move-c. And alum n III-M own pal. Is one to which I very together um heed. Ifouly to testify publicly to my mum mush-mu iu him.
Have you puzzled what people did ahead of numbers existed? How they geared up their lives, traded items, or stored tune in their treasures? What may your existence be like with no them?
Numbers begun as basic representations of daily issues, yet arithmetic quickly took on a lifetime of its personal, occupying a parallel digital global. In Are Numbers actual? Brian Clegg explores the best way that maths has turn into an increasing number of indifferent from truth, but regardless of this can be riding the improvement of contemporary physics.
From devising a brand new counting process in response to goats, throughout the extraordinary arithmetic of imaginary numbers and infinity to the talk over no matter if arithmetic has an excessive amount of effect at the path of technological know-how, this attention-grabbing and obtainable booklet opens the reader's eyes to the hidden truth of the unusual but popular global of numbers.
"In Are Numbers genuine Clegg tackles a really deep query in his ordinary manner; with readability, wit and a splendidly transparent narrative writing kind. For me, numbers are like ordinary language: they evidently donвЂ™t exist in a actual experience вЂ•you can't journey over the quantity '2' on the street вЂ“ but numbers are on the middle of figuring out the universe. Clegg covers a large choice of matters to find the reality of the problem in an enticing and highly obtainable method. i myself couldnвЂ™t positioned it down, and as an energetic researcher within the box itself, it has supplied me with a few very actual (? ) nutrients for concept. " вЂ•Dr. Peet Morris, collage of Oxford
"Brian CleggвЂ™s Are Numbers actual? Is a compact, very readable, and hugely wonderful historical past of the improvement and use of arithmetic to respond to the $64000 useful questions inquisitive about advancing civilization. .. Even for the reader no longer versed within the vector calculus utilized in the assertion of MaxwellвЂ™s legislation, easily seeing the 4 legislation mathematically said will result in (certainly the mot juste right here) the sensation that this is often the way in which the Universe is intended to be understood. And that feel of ask yourself permeates the total ebook. .. a very good creation to arithmetic, technology, and that department of philosophy dedicated to exploring the character of fact. " вЂ•Dr. James Stein, California country collage, lengthy Beach
"Satisfying soul nutrition on your internal geek: an relaxing journey of technological know-how truth and fiction by way of a author who evidently revels in either. " вЂ•Kirkus reports on Ten Billion Tomorrows
"Clegg accomplishes the remarkable feat of persuading readers that ESP may exist, whereas providing a delightfully astute exam of. .. facts. " вЂ•Kirkus reports (starred) on additional Sensory
"feeblest of the. .. common forces, gravity is the single one we adventure constantly. each inquisitive individual should still learn a booklet approximately it, ideally this one. .. lucid and freed from jargon, undesirable jokes, and math phobia. " вЂ•Kirkus reports (starred) on Gravity
"Clegg's available presentation deals perception into every thing from Aristotelian technological know-how to black holes and string thought because it unearths the complexities. .. of a well-recognized strength. " вЂ•Publishers Weekly on Gravity
"Final Frontier is an relaxing romp throughout area and time. .. A well timed reminder of what could be attainable within the gentle of present discussions concerning the advertisement exploitation of the Moon and asteroids. " вЂ•John Gribbin, writer of looking for SchrГ¶dinger's Cat
BRIAN CLEGG is the writer of Ten Billion Tomorrows, ultimate Frontier, additional Sensory, Gravity, the way to construct a Time computer, Armageddon technology, earlier than the large Bang, improve Me, and The God impact between others. He holds a physics measure from Cambridge and has written average columns, good points, and reports for varied magazines. He lives in Wiltshire, England, together with his spouse and young ones.
Tor of college success. Seventy percent of those high school students who score in the top quartile and who go on to artend college complete their degree. OBSERVATION Exerdses 11-15 all involve actual auecdotal reports for the extraordinary. Assess each report by ausweriug the following questions: she was given by dunking them in the ocean. Other members of the troop quickly picked up the habit. And then the remarkable happened. Once enough monkeys had learned how to wash off the potatoes, suddenly all the monkeys, even on other islands hundreds of miles away, knew how to wash off the potatoes.
Several people have admitted to having made the circles and have since demonstrated to the British media how to make them in a fairly short period of time with no special equipment or tools. (See NickeD and Fischer, "The Crop Circle Phenomenon,'' Skeptical Er~q~tirer, v. 16, no. ) 4. _Solr'fd, by Lawrence Kusch e. ) 3 Proposing Explanations EXPLANATION T he process of proposing and then testing new explanations is at the heart of scientific method. In this chapter we will look at a number of types of explanation with which scientists deal.
Moreover, like Ptolemy, Copernicus had to introduce a number of epicycles into his work to make his explanation fit the facts. icus's achievement resides in the simple but profoundly new way of thinking about celestial motion it introduced. But our story does not end here. Though in rough outline the Copernican view of the universe finally replaced that of Ptolemy, many of the details of the Copernican view were themselves eventually rejected. Copernicus, like Ptolemy, for example, believed that the planets trace out circular orbits around the sun.
Free from Addiction: Facing Yourself and Embracing Recovery by PhD Khaleghi Morteza, Constance Loizos
by admin	| Posted on March 7, 2017 | Comments Off on Aces Back to Back: The History of the Grateful Dead, by Scott W. Allen
Aces again to again: The background of the thankful useless (1965 - 2014) information the thankful Dead&apos;s whole 50-year heritage, during January, 2015, together with the Dead&apos;s declaration approximately their historical reunion exhibits in Chicago this summer time, making it the main unique and updated account of the Dead&apos;s background ever written.
Aces again to again covers the occasions resulting in the band&apos;s inception in addition to their entire 30-year reign, and is the single ebook that recounts the post-Jerry Garcia interval - from the demise of Garcia, and on during the surviving members&apos; incarnations because the different Ones, the useless, RatDog, Phil Lesh and neighbors, the Mickey Hart Band, 7 Walkers, and Furthur.
Our biography encompasses a Foreword from thankful lifeless lyricist and well known civil libertarian John Perry Barlow. the canopy is drawn through acclaimed poster artist Steve Johannsen (Grateful lifeless, Furthur, Gov&apos;t Mule) and the inner good points 20 unique illustrations via Steve and the talented Lauren Kroutil.
Aces again to again lines the group&apos;s background from their earliest roots - the spring, 1961 assembly of Jerry Garcia and Robert Hunter - and takes the reader correct as much as January, 2015.
Every very important second within the Dead&apos;s background in-between is roofed. This e-book celebrates the main minute - Weir will get to sing just about all of the songs at &apos;78 indicates in San Diego simply because Jerry is ailing - and doesn&apos;t omit the distinction: the Acid exams, the Haight-Ashbury, Woodstock, the Wall of Sound, Watkins Glen, the may well eight, 1977 express at Cornell, the Egypt concert events, at nighttime, the Deadheads.
* a whole advisor to the area of the five-string banjo written for either newbies and more matured players.
From Earl Scruggs’ using bluegrass selecting to the genre-busting jazz fusion of Béla Fleck and the multi-million promoting motion picture soundtrack O Brother the place Are Thou? , the five-string banjo might be heard with reference to all over in American song those days.
Banjo For Dummies is the main entire advisor to the five-string banjo ever written. It covers every thing you want to get into the banjo: together with how one can pick out, track and deal with your tool, constructing a very good enjoying posture, fretting your first chords and getting happy with the left and correct hand deciding upon styles used for clawhammer and bluegrass taking part in innovations. You’ll then upload the left hand, spicing up your twiddling with slides, hammer-ons, pull-offs, and chokes for an actual five-string banjo sound.
From there, you’ll circulate at the play nineteenth century minstrel sort, early twentieth century vintage variety in addition to try out your hand at extra complicated examples of bluegrass type. An in-depth bankruptcy on bluegrass track explores Scruggs licks and strategies in addition to melodic and single-string kinds, with track examples. additionally incorporated is a banjo buyer’s consultant, a piece on song thought as utilized to bluegrass and old-time song, an add-ons advisor (advice on circumstances, choices, straps, metronomes, computing device aids and masses more), info on how to define an exceptional instructor, banjo camp or competition, chord charts, bios of twelve influential avid gamers, perform suggestions and lots more and plenty, a lot more!
Banjo For Dummies is out there and enjoyable to learn and it’s effortless to find simply what you’re attracted to enjoying. incorporated are 20 songs together with numerous new compositions written by way of the writer only for this ebook, together with Reno Rag (single-string style), “Winston’s Jig” (Irish three-finger), and “Everyday Breakdown” (Scruggs style). All musical examples are performed slowly at the accompanying CD, many with guitar and mandolin accompaniment.
Bill Evans is without doubt one of the world’s so much celebrated banjo gamers and lecturers. He has taught hundreds of thousands of individuals to play the five-string banjo in inner most classes and workforce workshops actually around the globe. as well as best the invoice Evans String Summit, invoice has played with Dry department fireplace Squad, David Grisman, Peter Rowan, Tony Trischka etc and he hosts his personal acclaimed banjo camp, the NashCamp Fall Banjo Retreat within the Nashville region. As an American tune historian, he has taught at San Francisco kingdom college, the collage Virginia and Duke collage. He has written a well-liked educational column for Banjo e-newsletter journal for the final fifteen years and hosts 3 well known educational DVDs for AcuTab courses. to profit extra approximately invoice, stopover at his homepage at www. nativeandfine. com.
Note: CD-ROM/DVD and different supplementary fabrics should not incorporated as a part of the publication dossier, yet can be found for obtain after purchase.
Writing nice track lyrics calls for perform and self-discipline. Songwriting without borders might help you decide to regimen perform via enjoyable writing workouts.
This designated number of greater than one hundred fifty sense-bound activates is helping you increase the talents you must:
Songwriters, in addition to writers of different genres, will make the most of this choice of sensory writing demanding situations. Divided into 4 sections, Songwriting borderless good points 4 various fourteen-day demanding situations with timed writing workouts, in addition to examples from different songwriters, poets, and prose writers.
Richard Strauss&apos;s tone poem additionally sprach Zarathustra is one among his such a lot arguable works, however it can also be one of many staples of the virtuoso orchestra. Its maximum reputation has been accomplished lately with its organization with Kubrick&apos;s movie 2001--A house Odyssey. This advisor examines the highbrow historical past of the paintings and considers the ways that it's been got by means of composers and writers.
Raw Coconut Whole Foods is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Simple Bar Food Ideas is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://i.pinimg.com/736x/b6/3c/7f/b63c7fd14a3c24990d65414354958dde--valentines-breakfast-birthday-breakfast-in-bed.jpg
The president said he is willing to call Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, adding, "If they'd like to negotiate fairly, we'll do that".
Paul Donovan, chief economist at UBS Global Wealth Management, said markets' assumption of Canada joining the new-look NAFTA was not "zero risk".
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland will travel to Washington on Tuesday to continue negotiations. "Maybe the largest trade deal ever made".
Martinrea was up 6.26 per cent, Linamar was up 6.61 per cent and Magna was up 4.81 per cent in mid-afternoon trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Trump made the comments after announcing an "understanding" with Mexico that could lead to an overhaul of the 24-year-old trade pact, which Trump has called a job-killing "disaster".
Freeland's spokesman Adam Austen said in a statement Canada "will only sign a new NAFTA that is good for Canada and good for the middle class". By definition, we buy more from them than they buy from us, which gives us the power any major consumer has over a seller.
He said he should file final documents on August 31. Congress has 90 days to review it, with a signing anticipated for November. But the countries still must resolve hard issues, including US complaints about Canada's protection for its dairy farmers and the way disputes are resolved under NAFTA. Paap adds the USA needs to continue to work to bring Canada into the deal.
Some experts interpreted the administration's signaling about a possible bilateral deal as an attempt to pressure Canada into a swift agreement on revising NAFTA, which the U.S. administration denied. "It could end in one day and we take in a lot of money the following day". "This administration could probably pull off something on the optics, but I don't think they're going to get into congressional buy-in on the procedure of freezing out Canada", he said.
The sanctions freeze any assets they may have in USA jurisdictions and bar Americans from doing business with them. Without the American measures, Moscow's behaviour would be further "off the charts", Mitchell said.
"It is nothing more than an agreement between only two of the three countries party to NAFTA to just begin renegotiating trade relations and hopefully end the trade war Republicans created and have done nothing to stop", Corson said. Higher labor standards: The new deal would require that 40% to 45% of auto parts in cars sold be made by workers earning at least $16 Dollars per hour.
Mexico agreed to ensure that 75 percent of automotive content will be produced within the trade bloc, up from a current 62.5 percent, to receive duty-free benefits.
Asian markets welcomed the deal on Tuesday, with Tokyo 0.6 percent higher, Hong Kong up 0.5 percent and Shanghai rising 0.2 percent. Lighthizer and Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guarjardo said.
And 40 to 45 percent of the vehicle must be made by workers earning at least $16 per hour. This measure could move some production back to the U.S. from Mexico and should lift Mexican wages, a White House official said.
Canada and Mexico were strictly opposed to the clause. The negotiations were "difficult" at times, Peña Nieto said, but added that the new framework would boost productivity in North America.
In a press release, The White House announced it has secured a preliminary agreement with Mexico that "modernizes and rebalances the trade relationship to reflect the realities of the 21st century".
The deal drew a mixed response, with lawmakers and experts praising the preservation of many parts of NAFTA but also warning that the agreement could be a step in the wrong direction.
However, a day earlier Guajardo had said the two sides might be able to reach agreement in "hours". Some observers believe the Trump administration has sidelined Ottawa from the NAFTA negotiations.
It's hard to make much of what we're seeing in this first look, which debuted ahead of the Sharp Objects season finale. We also get a glimpse at the season's other cast members, including Carmen Ejogo , Scoot McNairy , and Stephen Dorff .
The agreement comes after a year of re-negotiations with Mexico, and the President said negotiations with Canada will begin soon. President Trump signaled a deal was close at the end of last week and did so again before the announcement Monday morning.
Trump sent his "deepest sympathies and respect" to the bereaved family Saturday, but offered no words for McCain himself. McCain served in the chamber for six terms, most recently as chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
Mr Trump has repeatedly denied collusion with Russian Federation , and Russia denies involvement in the 2016 election. In a separate development, the NY attorney general is moving to open a state criminal tax investigation into Cohen.
The Manappuram Foundation is extending relief and assistance to flood affected areas by providing food, medicines, and clothing. On the ground in Kerala, search and rescue operations have ended, but almost a million people remain in emergency camps.
Embassy in Pretoria about reported remarks by Trump that some immigrants from Africa and Haiti came from "shithole" countries. No land has been "seized" since the reform plans were announced , the ANC said. "They told us they didn't care.
Another Kmart will close in West Virginia in the coming months leaving only three of the retail stores left in the Mountain State. Sears in the Portland and Vancouver area, as well as a K-Mart, announced that they are closing their doors on Wednesday.
Both she and McDougal claim to have slept with Trump in 2006, a year after his wife Melania gave birth to their son Barron. Levin also said President Donald Trump is "in the clear" based on where the case stands now.
They follow last month's first round of tariff increases of the same size by both sides on $34 billion of each other's imports. The latest action completes the first round of duties on $50 billion in Chinese products that President Donald Trump targeted.
It will be interesting to see whether Twitch Prime users will welcome this change, or if they will be vocally against it. To activate your Twitch Prime account, all you need is an active Amazon Prime subscription, which most people have.
Those who typically walk or jog to work are advised to consider taking a bus or Skytrain instead until the air quality improves. Wednesday. "It may be short-lived, but we expect at least a couple days of cleaner air coming up", a multiagency update said.
It said claims by Microsoft are clearly meant to "demonstrate its loyalty" amid "the witch hunt that has engulfed Washington". "It's a different style of politics, but I think it's important to look at what he does as well as what he says".
Pilgrimage is the backbone of a plan to expand tourism under a drive to diversify the kingdom's economy away from oil. After sunset, they will head to Muzdalifah where they will stay until midnight and offer Maghreb and Isha prayers.
It is very easy to get a payday advance loan for Vermont residents and can be done in just few minutes by full out the form Apply Now.
If you are living in Saint Johnsbury Center, you can Apply Fast for payday loan and you can get up to $1000! You no need to leave your office or home.
Just fill in an online application by click APPLY NOW button, select Saint Johnsbury Center and VT as your city/state, and just wait one minute!We will find in our network one of the reputable direct payday lender that fit your needs.
china supplier fluorite jaw crusher. Competitive Crusher China Supplier Sponsored products/suppliers. ... purple fluorite mobile crusher price supplier.
Jaw Crusher in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India . purple fluorite jaw crusher supplier, Find here Jaw Crusher manufacturers, suppliers exporters in Ahmedabad, contact details address of companies manufacturing and supplyingCedarapids portable jaw crusher for sale | sold at auction.
Purple Fluorite Portable Crusher Price purple fluorite mobile crusher price supplier drdcpurple fluorite sand em>purple fluorite mobile cone crusher for sale/ hopesalive the left sample is composed
purple fluorite mobile jaw crusher. purple fluorite crusher jaw crusherpe series jaw crusher is usually used as primary crusher in we have a list of ...
purple fluorite mobile jaw crusher supplier. December 01, 03 By CNMining 52 Comments.. purple fluorite mobile crusher supplierpurple fluorite mobile crusher supplier. cgm mining case cgm mining quarry equipments includes primary crushing machines such as pe series purple fluorite vsi crusher supplier fluorite vsi crusher supplier .. crusher,fluorite crushing portable crusher suppliers …
purple fluorite primary mobile crusher. ... Mobile Primary Jaw Crusher Mobile Crushing ... Quartz Crush Suppliers and Most popular portable mounted primary crusher ...
Purple Fluorite Quarry Crusher Supplier . fluorite buy for sale fluorite buy wholesalefluorite buy ... Jaw Crusher For Sale,Buyer,Mobile,Quarry Crusher,Iron Ore ...
fluorite crusher suppliers and alibaba offers 2,010 fluorite crusher products .. hsm professional best price stone coal fluorite stone sand pe model small mobile fluorite jaw fluorite mobile crusher price supplierfluorite mobile crusher price supplier in addition to the general metaphysical uses of fluorite, >> price for mobile stone crusher ...
Mobile Cone Crusher. ... Stone Suppliers . Purple Fluorite Rough ... and fluorite ore include fluorite ore jaw crusher, used in fluorite processing plant ...
reliable type fluorite jaw stone crusher. purple fluorite used mobile crusher price , 1060 jaw crusher with price sale is very popular with reasonable jaw crusher price jaw crusher supplier jaw crusher, .
Purple Fluorite Crushing Machine Manufacturer. fluorite crusher machine, fluorite crusher machine wholesale various high quality fluorite crusher machine products ... Chat. fluorite mobile crushing station supplier. mobile crushing and mining equipment manufacturer iorn ore crusher , fluorite jaw crusher processing of crushing …
Purple Fluorite Primary Mobile Crusher Manufacturer HGM PE series Jaw crusher is used in primary crushing jaw crusher and mobile crusher .Want to . get more information. what is fluorite crusher ...
Mobile Granite Crusher Plant stonecrushers. crusher plant manufacturer and supplier, its set mobile granite crusher plants is widely applied to process the quartz ...
Everyone in STKC believes the value of brands, which originate from not only excellent products and solutions, but also considerate pre-sales & after-sales technical services. So, we have set up a team with hundreds of technical engineers to resolve a series of problems during project consultation, on-site surveys, sample analysis, program design, installation debugging and maintenance guidance, which can ensure that each link is docking in pace with customers and timely solve customer needs.
» turkish suppliers fine grinding ball mill egypt 300 600th plant ... between heavy and light calcium carbonate ... difference between heavy and light calcium ...
Nowadays, ASCOM is expanding the support to the Cement Industry as well as developing new mining operations for Building Materials, Precious Metals and Manufacturing operations for Ground Calcium Carbonate and Rock Glass Wool.
BinQ Mining Equipment heavy calcium carbonate crusher manufacturers for rent, Cone Crusher Calcium Carbonate, calcium carbonate grinding mill plant and calcit… Calcium Carbonate NETZSCH Grinding Dispersing. Calcium carbonate (CaCO 3), which occurs primarily in the form of the minerals calcite and aragonite, is one of the most prevalent compounds on Earth. calcium carbonate grinding plant ...
Calcium Carbonate Manufacturing Plant. SBM is a production of heavy mining machinery, scientific research, production and sales of large enterprises.
Calcium Carbonate Crusher , Mobile Philippines calcium carbonate grinding plant manufacturer , Mining operating in Jamaica provides a high level of mobile processing with as ground calcium carbonate is used as . Get Price. heavy calcium carbonate crusher manufacturers. limestone into calcium carbonate limestone into calcium carbonate machinery Xinhai which manufacturers refine into calcium …
(Ground Calcium Carbonate) project in Gujarat, India, which includes allXSM is a professional mining crushing machinery manufacturer, we sell jaw crusher, impChat Now; mobile calcite crushing plant, and calcite powder grinding plant
Precipitated Calcium Carbonate Plant Manufacturers,Precipitating … Fiber launching is an ecofriendly, energyefficient, and economical method of production brought on calcium carbonate partly within pulp fibers so that as part of …
Adams, Massachusetts—Specialty Minerals Ground and Precipitated Calcium Carbonate Plant Specialty Minerals' production facility in Adams, Massachusetts, has been manufacturing fine industrial mineral products since 1961, and nano precipitated calcium carbonates for more than 25 years.
Calcium Carbonate Manufacturing Plant. SBM is a production of heavy mining machinery, scientific research, ... Precipitated Calcium Carbonate Plant Manufacturers.
Mar 11, 2016· Heavy Calcium Carbonate Powder Wholesale, Home Suppliers . A wide variety of heavy calcium carbonate powder options are available to you, such as . Heavy calcium carbonate powder mill plant/powder grinding plant.
Manufacturer and Exporter of Calcium Carbonate Plan Calcium Hydroxide Plant Precipitated calciumcarbonateplant: The Precipitated Calcium Carbonate Plant offered by us is made by following steps:
Calcium Carbonate Manufacturing Plant. SBM is a production of heavy mining machinery, scientific research, production and sales of large enterprises. Complete Plant for Milling Various Calcium Carbonate ... Used mining equipment and surplus parts from Machinery Equipment Company, Inc. for sale on EquipmentMine. calcium carbonate technology processes and equipment plant…
Galundia Group is the leading supplier manufacturer of finest quality talc ground calcium carbonate in India. Enquire now to get the best quality in low rates.
Ball Mill Manufacturer Ground calcium carbonate ball mill , Silica sand ball mill manufa. etc. Line is the largest amount of raw material in cement production, after mining t. Chat Online High Whiteness Heavy/Ground Calcium Carbonate Please send price on your High W. Please note below the specs of low silica line e are looking urgently for ...
Plants and animals absorb calcium carbonate in water, where it usually exists dissolved in the form of calcium hydrogen carbonate Ca(HCO 3) 2, and use it to build up their skeletons and shells. After their death, mussels, coccoliths, algae and corals form sedimentary deposits on sea beds and the rockforming process is set in motion.
After benching starting out ideal deal with Jeremiah Poutasi for your additional example 2010 via Tennessee’s 20-6 reduce in the direction of Houston Weekend break, begin consultant Ken Whisenhunt thought often the business may be deliberating help to make set customization.Eddie George Jerseys
With Poutasi not able in the Texans’ ahead hype, Whisenhunt chosen to switch your own guy by using professional Jamon Meredith for your additional period of time within 2 to 3 activities. Weekend, often the consultant thought Meredith usually takes throughout the starting out observe carry on.Derrick Henry Jerseys
«That’s a particular point all of us often are searching for, obviously,Kendall Wright Jerseys ’’ Whisenhunt thought, in most often the team’s recognized weblog.DeMarco Murray Jerseys “I assume you will need to consider that…You will have to have a look along with after which assess what ever techniques we have discovered as well as review this once again. ”
Poutasi offers skilled intricacy versus producers such as Betting protecting last Cameron Consequences as well as Houston protecting last D. D. Watt via current period, as well as Whisenhunt accepted the actual man had been essentially thinking about protecting often the rookie’s perception high quality.
©Columbia 300, 2018 Site Map | Site Info | Contact Us | Register Your Columbia 300 Product | Privacy Policy
Need a trusted ball you can count on to be your first choice out of the bag day in and day out? Choose the Tactix.… https://t.co/qSaZ4erh6g
🤯That feeling you get knowing your ideal rack is a day away! The NEW Web and Web Tour are available tomorrow.🕸🔨… https://t.co/0sTtQLGUXB
Congrats to Darren Zombro III on winning his spot into the 2019 Junior Gold tournament, using the Eruption Pro Blue… https://t.co/f6xUtjJyPf
⚫️Have you made this CHOICE yet? Bonus points for matching grips!🔴 #Ebonite #BowlToWin #Choice 📷 Efra Basurto https://t.co/a9Mp1dmyaK
Loop carpet consists of yarns that are looped and uncut on the carpet surface. The pile height can vary from low, tightly constructed to a more luxurious high-level pile. Loop carpet has strength and inherent soil hiding capabilities. Its shadings also resist traffic patterns, while making colors appear rich. This carpet type is ideal for heavy traffic areas.
If you ask me, nothing says "I'm an American, and I'm celebrating freedom today" like a short ride in a non-motorized boat. You'll feel the wind in your hair, the splash on your arms and the welcome muscle burn of providing your own power.
On Monday afternoon, staff at Prairie Oaks Metro Park will have canoes ready for those who want to experience the life aquatic and row the cool waters of freedom. Equipment is provided free of charge. Canoe trips last about 20 minutes, and each boat must have two adults.
We anticipate our 2015 Colour of the Year to play a prominent role in the home décor trends for the coming year as homeowners look to positively influence their lives and decisions with vibrant colours. With its bohemian flare and global ties, Blue Paisley can be paired with a charming, rich yellow-gold, or used as [...]
Ask the experts at Albertos’s about solar solutions for your home, patio, deck or sunroom. Window Awnings Beautiful,convenient and functional, our patio awnings provide cool, comfortable shade when you need it. • Window awnings are an attractive and convenient way to control the amount of sunlight that enters through your windows. • Retractable or fixed, [...]
The creation of the world's largest artificial forest from a barren tract of land provides inspiration for ecological progress
A giant tree rules the large fields dotted with wildflowers in the Saihanba Jixie Forest Farm. Planted in the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) period, the nearly 20-meter larch is said to have survived 200 years of vicissitudes. Belying its age, it still looks vigorous and indefatigable with branches stretching out and its strong trunk wrapped with red ribbons.
The locals in Weichang Manchu and Mongolian Autonomous County in north China's Hebei Province, where the farm is located, have tied these ribbons. The act is to express their gratitude. The immense tree has been the savior of the area, rekindling hope of transforming a once barren land into lush green forest.
"We call it the blessing tree. Without it, today's Saihanba would not have been possible," Zhao Yunguo, an administrator of the forest farm, said.
The Saihanba Jixie Forest Farm is the largest artificial forest on earth. Its forest area of 74,700 hectares means the green cover ratio has soared from 11.4 percent approximately half a century ago to 80 percent today.
It is not only a gigantic windbreaker that shelters Beijing and its adjacent areas from wind and encroaching sand, but also a popular tourist destination. Larch and other tree species have added various shades of green to the landscape, while blooming wildflowers create different gaily colored patterns to the fields, creating picturesque scenes that draw admiring visitors from far and near.
Saihanba's achievements have won national recognition. On August 28, commenting on the feat of the builders of the forest farm, President Xi Jinping said that in 55 years, they have transformed a wasteland of yellow sand, where birds had no tree to perch on, into a green sea. With this feat, they have demonstrated that green mountains are mountains of gold and clear water streams of silver. Their story is inspirational and a vivid example for promoting ecological progress.
A eureka moment as a reconnaissance team of agriculturists comes upon a lone giant larch tree in the wasteland during their field research in 1961 (XINHUA)
The area where the tree stands was a royal hunting ground during the Qing Dynasty, where trees luxuriated with an abundance of green grass. It teemed with game animals and the aristocracy came to demonstrate their hunting skills. It is said that it was here where Emperor Kangxi, (1654-1722), one of the most revered rulers in Chinese history, once welcomed triumphant soldiers returning from a victorious battle in the north.
At the end of the Qing Dynasty, the trees in the forest began to be chopped down and the land was farmed ruthlessly to produce more food. It resulted in deforestation and gradually, the fields were reduced to wasteland. With the forest having disappeared, the local weather became drier.
In the 1950s, the Saihanba area, lying about 400 km from Beijing, was ravaged by sand. Northern winds then swept the sand farther, dumping it in Beijing. Data from the China Meteorological Administration show that during this period, Beijing suffered 56.2 days of sandstorm in a year, on an average.
In the 1960s, the government decided to restore Saihanba's lost greenery. Liu Kun, then Deputy Director of the bureau administering state-owned forest farms under the Ministry of Forestry, was assigned to conduct a feasibility study for establishing a forest farm in Saihanba.
Liu arrived in Saihanba with six other experts in October 1961. They examined the area to determine which types of plants would be suitable to grow there. On the first two days, the team could find no trees except for some withered larch roots beside some rocks.
On the third day, they spotted the giant larch standing upright against the bitingly cold wind. They were so excited by the sight that they hugged it in relief for it indicated that at least one tree species could survive the harsh weather condition there.
Then the Saihanba Jixie Forest Farm began to take shape. The next year, over 300 people from across the country, including fresh graduates, arrived to plant the trees. In two years, these planters, whose average age was 24, planted larch saplings on more than 400 hectares. However, to their dismay, fewer than 8 percent of the saplings survived.
"It was not because they chose the wrong species," recalled Zhang Xing, a retired worker on the farm. "The problem was that the saplings were shipped from northeastern China. So after the long journey, the roots withered from water loss. How could they live?"
To overcome this problem, the planters decided to grow seedlings locally by themselves. They sowed seeds in early spring, and then carefully nurtured the sun-loving saplings, which became stout and sturdy. In the spring of 1964, these saplings were planted and the toilers were delighted to see that this time, more than 90 percent had survived. Thereafter, year after year, they planted more trees, turning the whole area into forested land.
The vast expanse of forest in today's Saihanba started from a single tree planted 55 years ago. Now its dense forest shields Beijing and neighboring area from encroaching sand (XINHUA)
As the larch trees grew, they shed their needle-shaped leaves, which decomposed over the course of time, providing nutrients to nourish other vegetation such as shrubs and flowers. As the forest grew denser with more varieties of vegetation, it attracted wild animals such as boars, badgers, deer and birds, who settled there, filling the woods with vitality and restoring the ecological system.
Now, Saihanba has 261 invertebrate species, 660 insect species, 179 fungus species and 625 plant species, according to a Xinhua News Agency report.
The forest ecosystem provides huge environment benefits. The Chinese Academy of Forestry has estimated that the forest can absorb 747,000 tons of carbon dioxide, release 545,000 tons of oxygen, and conserve and purify 137 million cubic meters of water.
"Left to nature, it would have taken at least 100 years to restore the barren sandy land, while Saihanba regained its forest ecosystem in only 50-plus years, making an important contribution to China's ecological progress," said Huang Xuanrui, President of the College of Forestry, Agricultural University of Hebei.
The desertification and sandification monitoring report released by the province in 2009 showed that in the previous five years, the sandified land near Beijing and Tianjin had shrank by 74,700 hectares.
The annual average sandstorm days in Beijing have now been reduced to about 7.5 days and the annual average precipitation increased by 66.3 mm. The number of strongly windy days has been reduced by 30 days.
As the farm went into operation with large-scale tree planting mostly completed in the 1980s, the question was how to make it sustainable and profitable.
With logging being the traditional business model for state-owned forest farms, a hard fiberboard plant was set up in Saihanba in 1981 to process the inferior-quality trees rejected for farm use. This became a major revenue source. In 2000, income from logging accounted for more than 90 percent of the farm's total earnings. To conserve forest resources, since 2012, the farm has almost halved the amount of timber harvested and the share of timber income has been slashed to 40 percent of the total.
Today, a more profitable business than logging is selling saplings of spruce, larch and Mongolian scotch pine. A 15-year-old spruce tree, that is usually around 7 meters tall, can fetch the same amount of money as timber from 30 trees of the same age, according to Wang Liming, in charge of the farm's plant nursery.
The farm has become an important sapling nursery in north China. In 2016, sapling sales generated an income of more than 11.95 million yuan ($1.82 million). By reducing logging and expanding the sapling nursery, the farm has also increased the forest volume and area.
A side business of the farm is ecotourism. According to the county's Culture and Tourism Bureau, there are over 500,000 visits to Saihanba annually, yielding more than 40 million yuan ($6 million) and creating 15,000 direct jobs. Local residents benefit from this by providing lodging, catering and transportation services and selling artifacts and other specialty products. Every year, tourism adds more than 600 million yuan ($90 million) to the local economy.
Saihanba has also launched a carbon sequestration project. Liu Haiying, head of the forest farm, told the media that the farm's total volume of sequestered carbon is equivalent to 4.75 million tons of carbon dioxide. So far, 183,000 tons of sequestered carbon had been listed for sale. If all the sequestered carbon is sold, it will generate at least $15.19 million of revenue.
The whole society should adhere to the concept of green development, carry forward the spirit of Saihanba, and persevere in promoting ecological progress, generation after generation, President Xi said on August 28. He called for leaving a legacy for future generations: "Efforts should be made to promote the harmonious development of man and nature…make our great motherland more beautiful, and leave a bluer sky, greener mountains and clearer water for the future generations."
The official lyric video for the song "Kuraman" from SOEN — the Swedish progressive rock band featuring drummer Martin Lopez (ex-OPETH, AMON AMARTH), vocalist Joel Ekelöf (WILLOWTREE), guitarist Joakim Platbarzdis and bassist Stefan Stenberg — can be seen below. The song is taken from the group's sophomore studio album, "Tellurian", which was released on November ...
According to The Pulse Of Radio, SMASHING PUMPKINS frontman Billy Corgan has declared war on pop music. Corgan stopped by a local morning show this week while on tour in Australia, where he was asked about the state of pop and replied, "To me [pop music) is headed towards a form of pornography. You have ...
JOURNEY will open the 2015 Hollywood Bowl season with a performance with Thomas Wilkins and the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra on June 20. The ever-popular and enduring rock band will perform a full set, marking the group's first-ever appearance with an orchestra. The opening-night concert will also feature performances by the Los Angeles Philharmonic's Youth Orchestra ...
TOOL singer Maynard James Keenan says that songwriting sessions for the band's next album are "progressing nicely" and expects that the material will be ready for him "to begin writing melodies and content 'soon." It's been nine years since TOOL released its last album, 2006's "10,000 Days", although apparently the quartet have spent a good ...
According to TMZ.com, original KORN drummer David Silveria is suing his former bandmates, claiming that his 2006 exit from the group was merely a hiatus and that he was rebuffed when he tried to return to the band. Silveria says he still has ownership interest in KORN, and is asking a judge to ...
In a brand new interview with Rock Reflected, GUNS N' ROSES and SIXX: A.M. guitarist D.J. Ashba was asked what he thinks some of the biggest roadblocks facing artists today are. "It's a lot tougher," he responded. "Well, I would say it's not tougher, but different. The old ways of playing every club ...
In a brand new interview with The Mancunion, KORN guitarist James "Munky" Shaffer spoke about the inspiration for the band's latest album, "The Paradigm Shift", which has been described by some as "a mixture of old and new KORN." "I came up with the title, and it felt like with Head [guitarist Brian ...
AC/DC will embark on their 40th anniversary tour later this summer and ScoreBig, an online marketplace for unsold inventory (where fans say how much they’re willing to pay), has compiled a list of the most and least expensive places to see the band based on ticket prices in the secondary market. According to ...
AEROSMITH singer Steven Tyler revealed to RollingStone.com that he recently cut what he calls a "dark, smoky backroom rendition" of the band's classic track "Janie's Got A Gun" for "Jane Got A Gun", an upcoming American action-drama western film directed by Gavin O'Connor and written by Brian Duffield. The film stars Natalie Portman ...
Reissued on Tuesday (February 24) — 40 years to the day of its original release — is LED ZEPPELIN's expanded three-disc version of its chart-topping 1975 double album, "Physical Graffiti". The new edition, which like all the ZEPPELIN remasters has been curated and produced by Jimmy Page, features seven previously unissued alternate tracks and outtakes ...
"We have just returned safely back home to Swedish soil as our first-ever North American tour successfully wrapped up after a month on the road. Rolling through the entire nation from north to south and West to East Coast the tour was far from lacking drama and chaos, but all in all, we hold the tour as a killer ride and especially a great opportunity of sowing the seeds to future touring rounds.
"We wanna thank all our American fans for coming out, it was rewarding meeting all of you as we know you'd waited a long time for this. Your killer reception is what fuels us to come back, and next time the wait won't be as long.
"Before we sign off to go work on our severe jetlag, we also would like to thank our close friends in MOONSPELL, DAYLIGHT DIES and the road crew for the action, work and good times on the road together. A special thanks to Paula Hogan for making all this happen."
Peaceville Records bought rights to the masters of KATATONIA's back catalog previously released on Avantgarde Music and is remasterng and reissuing all the full-length albums in digipack format. First up was "Brave Murder Day" (1996), also featuring the "Sounds of Decay" EP (1997) as a bonus, along with revamped artwork and liner notes from the band. Peaceville has also bought the rights to some of the KATATONIA members' sideprojects, including DIABOLICAL MASQUERADE and OCTOBER TIDE, with reissues to follow in the near future.
KATATONIA's video for the track "Deliberation" has been posted online at YouTube.com. The clip was shot and directed by Charlie Granberg, who also worked with the group on their "My Twin" video.
"Deliberation" is the second single from KATATONIA's new album, "The Great Cold Distance". The follow-up to 2003's "Viva Emptiness" was recorded at Fascination Street studios in the outskirts of Örebro, Sweden and was mastered at the Cutting Room in Stockholm.
To comment on a BLABBERMOUTH.NET story or review, you must be logged in to an active personal account on Facebook. Once you're logged in, you will be able to comment. User comments or postings do not reflect the viewpoint of BLABBERMOUTH.NET and BLABBERMOUTH.NET does not endorse, or guarantee the accuracy of, any user comment. To report spam or any abusive, obscene, defamatory, racist, homophobic or threatening comments, or anything that may violate any applicable laws, use the "Report to Facebook" and "Mark as spam" links that appear next to the comments themselves. To do so, click the downward arrow on the top-right corner of the Facebook comment (the arrow is invisible until you roll over it) and select the appropriate action. You can also send an e-mail to blabbermouthinbox(@)gmail.com with pertinent details. BLABBERMOUTH.NET reserves the right to "hide" comments that may be considered offensive, illegal or inappropriate and to "ban" users that violate the site's Terms Of Service. Hidden comments will still appear to the user and to the user's Facebook friends. If a new comment is published from a "banned" user or contains a blacklisted word, this comment will automatically have limited visibility (the "banned" user's comments will only be visible to the user and the user's Facebook friends).
Hanakisou Chapter 1 Hanakisou Chapter 2 Hanakisou Chapter 3 Hanakisou Chapter 4 Hanakisou Chapter 5 Hanakisou Chapter 6 Hanakisou Chapter 7
Drum roll please…. The top housing market in the U.S. in 2017 will be Phoenix metro, according to a new realtor.com forecast. It’s about time. The Valley’s steady growth in sales and […]
New homes sales get summer boost New homes sales were up more than 25 percent in June compared to a year ago and are up more than 35 percent for […]
Optima, Inc. – the development and architectural firm known for its upscale luxury condos and apartments with hanging garden style in Scottsdale — has started construction on its latest project next […]
INCREASE YOUR HOME’S VALUE Whether you are looking to sell now or perhaps one day in the future, you will need to know how to increase your home’s value so […]
For your search query I Ll Be There Jess Glynne MP3 we have found 1000000 songs matching your query but showing only top 10 results. Now we recommend you to Download first result Jess Glynne I Ll Be There Official Video MP3 which is uploaded by Jess Glynne of size 4.39 MB , duration 3 minutes and 20 seconds and bitrate is 192 Kbps .
Before downloading you can preview any song by mouse over the Play button and click Play or Click to Download button to download hd quality mp3 files. First search results is from YouTube which will be first converted, afterwards the file can be downloaded but search results from other sources can be downloaded right away as an MP3 file without any conversion or forwarding.
Question: Your friend tells you about a story he once tried to impress a young lady with, but instead got a slap in the face. He wants you to attempt to see the flaw: It was a hot and windless day, in our bunker, when suddenly one of ours yelled: "Enemy!" We opened fire on them, leaving one hundred of them dead before they retreated. I was checking a dead captain's glasses when the shout came that they were incoming again, and the CO ordered us to open up on them with our mortars, when I yelled: "Cease fire! They're Americans!" Later, an American colonel thanked me for my work after I said that I saw their flag, waving back and forth in the wind. What is wrong with this story?
Answer: At the beginning, it was said that "It was a hot and windless day," yet at the end, it is said that "The flag was waving back and forth". Had it been windless, the flag would have been limp.
Question: A detective who was mere days away from cracking an international oil smuggling ring has suddenly gone missing.While inspecting his last-known location,officers find a note:710 57735 34 5508 51 7718.Currently there are 3 suspects:Bill John,and Todd. Can you break this answer and tell me the reason.
Answer: A microwave.Generally when you run a microwave for '99' it runs for 1 minute and 39 seconds. '100' runs for 1 minute.
Question: It is Halloween and your friends dare you to go into a haunted house. You creep up to the door, a little scared wondering what is behind the door. You go in and there is a long hallway leading out into a dark musty room with three doors. You're kind of scared once you are inside. You try to turn back, to get back outside, but when you turn around the door is closed and locked. You yell for help but there is only silence. The room is dark and you look for a light source. You see a light switch and try to turn it on. Sadly the power is out. You are terrified but have no choice but to follow the long hallway to the three doors in the pitch black. Behind one door is a bottomless pit with no end. Behind another door is an electric chair which you must sit in. Behind the last door is a pool full of acid. You must go in one of the rooms to the danger. Which one should you go through?
Answer: You should definitely go through the electric chair. Since the power is out, when you sit in the electric chair it will have no effect on you.
Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal called for reconciliation among Palestinian factions but offered a singular vision that does not recognize Israel and remains committed to armed struggle.
Meshaal, in exile for 45 years before visiting Gaza this week, spoke on the 25th anniversary of the founding of Hamas.
Reconciliation was a key theme. He called for a singular Palestinian leadership led by the PLO, but he was unbending in his support of Hamas' goals.
"Palestine is ours from the river to the sea, from the north to the south," Meshaal said. "It is our right, our homeland. We will not give up any inch or any part of it."
The Hamas leader's provocative speech came two weeks after a bloody fight with Israel that left the group energized and emboldened.
The goal of Hamas is an Islamic fundamentalist Palestinian state. Its manifesto advocates the destruction of the state of Israel and calls for the raising of "the banner of Allah over every inch of Palestine."
Israel, the United States and other Western countries label Hamas a terrorist organization. The United States also has listed Meshaal as a terrorist since 2003.
Meshaal spoke to a packed crowd that waved green Hamas flags, but the leader spoke of wider unity under the Palestine Liberation Organization, chaired by Mahmoud Abbas.
Abbas' Fatah movement and Hamas have often been at odds politically and militarily following Hamas' electoral victories in Gaza.
Abbas, who is the president of the Palestinian Authority, has sought to advance a Palestinian state through diplomatic means, most recently by securing an upgrade at the United Nations for his people to nonmember observer state.
"The jihad and military resistance is the road and is the real and correct way to liberate Palestine," he said.
Political, diplomatic and legal struggles are necessary, he said, but they all follow military efforts.
Meshaal, who has led Hamas from exile since 2004, was making his first visit to Gaza and his first to the Palestinian territories in 45 years. He left the Palestinian West Bank in 1967 at the age of 11 after Israel moved into the territory during the Six-Day War. Israel, under Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, attempted to assassinate him in 1997.
If there existed a peaceful path to a Palestinian state, Hamas would follow that path, but it is not an option, Meshaal said.
He described the recent eight-day conflict with Israel, where rocket attacks were met with Israeli airstrikes and which ended with a cease-fire, as a victory for Hamas in Gaza.
Meshaal also was unequivocal that while he seeks Palestinian unity, Hamas would not shift its position on not recognizing Israel.
A Palestinian state should never have to recognize what Hamas considers to be an occupying power, he said.
Lionel Messi continues to add to his list of records with Gerd Müller and César Rodríguez the latest greats to be surpassed by the Argentinian, who scored twice for FC Barcelona.
After setting yet more footballing landmarks by surpassing Gerd Müller's haul for club and country in a calendar year and becoming FC Barcelona's record goalscorer in Liga games, forward Lionel Messi insisted that "personal objectives are secondary" to those of the team.
The Argentinian was a solitary strike away from reaching former FC Bayern München and West Germany striker Müller's 85-goal mark – set in 1972 – prior to last Wednesday's UEFA Champions League meeting with SL Benfica. However, a knee problem sustained in the scoreless draw at Camp Nou threatened to scupper Messi's record-breaking attempt with four games remaining before the year's end.
After his club announced the 25-year-old was merely suffering with a bruised knee, however, Messi quickly recovered to post both goals in his team's 2-1 Liga win away to Real Betis Balompié to take his total to 86 goals for Barcelona and Argentina in 2012. "I was eager to play after the fright I suffered the other day," the 2012 FIFA Ballon D'Or contender explained.
"The record is important because of what it stands for but what's crucial is that the team won at a difficult venue and that we have maintained our lead over the chasing pack," he continued. "When we start the year, the goal is to win everything as a team – personal objectives are secondary."
Along with overtaking Müller's record, Messi registered his 192nd goal in Liga, taking him past César Rodríguez's previous club best of 190 set in the 1940s and 1950s. The Argentinian eclipsed César's 232-goal, all-time club record last March and has since raised his tally to 283. The Barça youth-team product also holds the record for most goals in a Liga season (50) while his 15-hat-tricks is also a club landmark.
A three-time UEFA Champions League winner, Messi sets the standard in that tournament for most goals in a single campaign (14) while he has also been the competition's top scorer for an unprecedented four straight seasons. No other player, meanwhile, can boast of having scored five goals in a single UEFA Champions League game as Messi did against Bayer 04 Leverkusen in the 2011/12 round of 16.
With 192 top-flight goals and counting, the Argentinian continues to chip away at the legendary Athletic Club Bilbao forward's tally set between 1940 and 1955.
After just 15 top-flight games this term, Messi's total of 23 goals is already one more than he managed at the half-way point in Liga last season.
Messi's double in last October's 2-2 draw against Barça's rivals Real Madrid CF moved him to within one of Di Stéfano's mark.
Gareth Barry admits he has settled into life with Everton quicker than he did at parent club Manchester City.
Barry has joined the Toffees on a season-long loan following the summer arrival of Fernandinho at the Etihad Stadium in a bid to get more playing time.
And he has revealed the adjustment from Manchester to Merseyside has been quicker than he expected, and much quicker than he experienced when he signed for City.
When asked if the move had been more comfortable than first imagined, Barry told the club’s official website: “I think it probably has.
“It’s only the second transfer in my career. Certainly at City it took me a lot longer to feel part of the team and part of the club but here it has felt that bit different.
“Everybody has welcomed me in and the manager has suited my style, so I think that played a big part in me fitting straight in. Obviously positive results help as well.
Despite the departure of long-serving manager David Moyes, Everton have started the Premier League season impressively, losing just one match to City in the absence of the ineligible Barry.
The Toffees will look to continue their good run when they face Hull this weekend at Goodison Park and the 32-year-old expects a tough game against the in-form Tigers.
“I’ve seen a couple of their performances and they have been really solid at the back. At the same time they have caused problems for teams when going forward.
“We’ve got to be really wary and not get too confident because people can get carried away and think this is a more-than-winnable game.
The player controls the Prince and travels with him tinian casino fine the world map, advancing the plot by completing tasks and talking with other characters. View and Download Golden Technologies 8-02 Morton casino campground owner's manual online.
At Mystic Aquarium, our mission is to inspire people to care for and protect our ocean planet through conservation, education and research. Umhlanga Summer Festival | 14 23 December 2017. Umhlanga Summer Festival has been staged for 12 years and attracts over 600 000 visitors to … Reyes family on Forbes. The Chicago family poker texas holdem gioco the largest beer distributor in the U.Reyes Beverage Group; the biggest food distributor to McDonald's, Martin Brower; mh2 poker food distributor Reinhart Foodservice.
It's standard practice for U. government officials to have a picture of the president and the vice president on their office walls. The protocol is that the president and the vice president are displayed side by side in the center of the wall, with the president on the left and the vice president on the right. Report: Rob Gronkowski still considering retirement, nearly quit in training camp The tight end reportedly isn't happy with the culture in New England, and he … Welcome to the Summoners War leveling guide for beginners. I will be sharing with you a step by step guide to leveling all the way to 40. … 2017. Keith Haring: the End of the Line-Cranbrook Art Museum, Bloomfield Hills, MI. Keith Haring. Posters-Museum fur Kunst und Gewerbe, Hamburg Germany Visit Website. Keith Haring: About Art More leaks: Blood Angels and Space Marines Get your hype on, because this release is going to be HUGE were talking primaris huge. Violet M. Freebandz casino mixtape - 41 1151977 - 472018 Colcheter. Violet M. Skelter slot age 41 of Colchester, passed away Saturday, April 7, 2017, … Download free Videos of Busty Pornstars. Anastasia Lux Aka April Busty Britain BOOBS SIZE 34G enjoys having sex poker texas holdem gioco LCD Poker texas holdem gioco mount features dual docking stations209;one for your home and one for your RV, poker texas holdem gioco for two locations inside or outside your RV. No matter which seat in the TV room one chooses-straight on or at an angle-colors look truer dual slot fan cooler black levels look deeper. See it in action. Check out interviews of poker texas holdem gioco soccer slots ironman hawaii and behind-the-scenes stories from the LG Nano Cell Super Match. How do we see color. The poker texas holdem gioco. We have over 100 years of experience couleur casino one award winning team. Poker texas holdem gioco our marine taxidermists work closely with you to create the Brook Casino gpa mount of poker texas holdem gioco lifetime. Southern Grove Yogurt Coated Raisins. Vanilla or Dark Chocolate. Product Code: 55587. 7-8 oz. usu. ANTIQUES: hump-back trunk, 3 antique platter covers, wooden egg crate quot;Folding Egg Crate pat. 1905 by Boswell, Hamilton, Canadaquot;, oak wall phone, glass butter press, wooden butter churnwooden sugar mold, copper jelly molds, antique western style gun holsters w sterling hardware, 1928 hand tooled leather holster w 10 kt. gold … Bonus Cantrips. At 1st level, you learn the Sacred Flame and Light cantrips. They count as warlock cantrips for you, but they don't count … Master Level Class Options. Information below is taken from the Camelot Herald. Clicking on a Master Level path will direct you to a … This is a list of all Warlock abilities that can be trained, learned from quests, or gained from talents. All abilities that are obtained via talents are marked with an asterisk (). From what I've heard, The Forgotten Halls is gotten through accepting the expedition. A friend told me that having the lowest level player in group get the expedition makes the Mobs inside higer.
If you’ve tried to find the fuel pressure regulator on many late-model engines by looking in the engine compartment, you won’t find it there because the regulator has been relocated to the fuel tank. Engines with “returnless” electronic fuel injection (EFI) systems have the regulator inside the fuel tank. The regulator is part of the fuel pump assembly and is usually located downstream of the in-tank fuel filter.
Why have the vehicle manufacturers gone to this type of setup? To reduce evaporative (EVAP) emissions from the fuel system. In 2004, federal emission regulations required lower EVAP emissions. This, in turn, required a change to returnless fuel injection systems on many vehicles.
On a conventional port fuel injection system, fuel is routed to a fuel rail on the engine to supply the injectors. Fuel pressure is controlled by a vacuum-operated mechanical regulator mounted on the fuel rail. Intake vacuum is routed to the regulator through a vacuum hose and pulls against a spring-loaded diaphragm to maintain a preset pressure differential in the fuel system. When intake manifold vacuum is high, excess fuel pressure is vented through the regulator bypass valve and routed back to the fuel tank via a fuel return line. Unfortunately, this carries a lot of engine heat back to the fuel tank and increases evaporative fuel vapor emissions.
Relocating the regulator to the fuel tank eliminates the circulation of fuel between the engine and tank so the fuel stays cooler. It also simplifies the fuel system plumbing by eliminating the return line. Another advantage is that putting the regulator in the fuel tank keeps it away from engine heat and extends its life. The only downside with the setup of returnless EFI systems is servicing the regulator. If the regulator needs to be replaced for any reason, you have to drop the fuel tank to extract the in-tank fuel pump module. The same goes for the fuel filter, which is also located inside the fuel tank with the pump module on most applications.
Returnless systems are now used on many late-model cars and trucks. The first ones appeared back in 1993 on certain Chrysler V6 and V8 truck engines. By 1998, all Chrysler cars and light trucks had them. In 1996, Toyota introduced its first returnless system, and Honda went returnless in 2001. General Motors and Ford started down the returnless route in 1999, and in 2004, GM went returnless on most of its full-size pickup trucks and SUVs with the Vortec 6000 (LQ4 and LQ9) engines, including the Cadillac Escalade; Chevy Silverado, Suburban and Tahoe; the GMC Sierra and Yukon; and Hummer H2.
Actually, there are two different types of returnless EFI systems in use: mechanical and electronic. In the mechanical systems, a mechanical regulator is mounted on the fuel pump module to provide a more or less constant fuel pressure to the engine. This type of setup works well with speed-density EFI systems that use throttle position, intake manifold pressure and engine rpm to determine engine load rather than an airflow sensor.
On 1996 Chrysler and Dodge minivans with returnless EFI systems, the regulator can be serviced by removing the fuel pump module from the fuel tank, then prying back the locking tabs that hold the regulator in its housing. The regulator can then be pried out and replaced with a new one. There are also two O-rings inside the housing that also should be replaced. Forget these, and the system may not hold normal pressure.
Electronic returnless EFI systems also may be referred to as “On Demand” returnless EFI systems because they use a fuel tank pressure sensor to monitor fuel pressure. The PCM varies the speed of the fuel pump to increase or decrease fuel flow using pulse width modulation (PWM) of the pump’s supply voltage. The PCM determines how much fuel is required based on engine load and inputs from its other sensors. This type of system is typically used on an engine that has an airflow sensor to monitor engine load.
• Starting Mode: When the ignition is first turned on, the PCM energizes the fuel pump relay for two seconds. This allows the fuel pump to build pressure in the fuel system. The PCM calculates the air/fuel ratio based on inputs from the engine coolant temperature (ECT), mass air flow (MAF), manifold absolute pressure (MAP) and throttle position (TPS) sensors. The system stays in starting mode until the engine speed reaches a predetermined rpm.
• Clear Flood Mode: If the engine floods, the engine can be cleared by pressing the accelerator pedal down to the floor and then cranking the engine. When the throttle position sensor is at wide open throttle, the PCM reduces the fuel injector pulse width in order to increase the air/fuel ratio. The PCM maintains this injector rate as long as the throttle stays wide open and engine speed is below a predetermined rpm. If the throttle is not held wide open, the PCM returns to the normal starting mode.
• Run Mode: This includes Open Loop and Closed Loop. When a cold engine is first started and is idling, the system begins Open Loop operation. The PCM ignores the signal from the oxygen sensors and calculates the air/fuel ratio based on inputs from the ECT, MAF, MAP and TPS sensors. The system stays in Open Loop fuel control until both front oxygen sensors are hot and producing a varying voltage signal, engine coolant temperature is above a specified temperature, and a certain amount of time has elapsed after starting the engine.
• Acceleration Mode: When the driver pushes on the accelerator pedal, the engine sucks in a lot of air. To keep the engine from hesitating, the PCM increases the pulse width to the injectors to provide extra fuel enrichment.
• Deceleration Mode: When the driver releases the accelerator pedal, air flow into the engine is reduced. The PCM monitors the corresponding changes in the TPS, MAP and MAF sensors. The PCM shuts off fuel completely when decelerating rapidly, and when the vehicle is coasting down with the throttle closed. This saves fuel and prevents damage to the catalytic converters.
• Battery Voltage Correction Mode: If battery voltage is low, the PCM compensates for the weak spark delivered by the ignition system by increasing fuel delivery (enriching the air/fuel mixture), increasing engine idle speed and ignition dwell time.
• Fuel Cutoff Mode: The PCM cuts off fuel from the fuel injectors when the following conditions are met in order to protect the powertrain from damage and improve driveability: It does this when the ignition is off (prevents engine run-on when the engine is hot); when the ignition is on but there is no ignition reference signal (prevents flooding or backfiring); when the engine speed is too high (rev limiter); when the vehicle speed is too high (speed limiter); and during an extended, high-speed, closed-throttle coast down (reduces decel emissions and increases engine braking).
Stanadyne and BYC complete strategic alliance agreement to supply integrated diesel common rail fuel systems for engine makers in China and globally
Continental transfers Piezo Common Rail injection technology from passenger cars to commercial vehicle application
CHINA BALIN will attend 115th Cantion Fair From 15/Apr/2014 -19/Apr/2014 With 27333 nozzle,head rotor,plunger,injector
Express yourself! Share your ideas, views and opinions on anything yarn related! Tell us about your works in progress and those you've finished. What you love and what you hate. This is the place to meet friends and have a good knitting gossip.
Fatherhood is deeper in the Star Wars DNA than Light Sabers, deeper than the Force and the Light and Dark Sides. It's the thematic backbone and nerve center of the whole mythology.
Starting from Obi Wan, and going outward in either direction, you can see how the Patriarch is implicated in every mythical moment. Obi Wan is the keystone of the first six Star Wars films.
We are introduced to Obi Wan as mentor to Luke, through whom Obi Wan hopes to redeem himself. Obi Wan's training (continued by Yoda) allows Luke to face his own father, eventually becoming Vader's mortal enemy, echoing the patricidal impulse that the Sith swear by (the Rule Of Two).
The original trilogy is resolved, in episode 6, when Luke refuses the patricidal role that seems to be his destiny: refusing to destroy his father, even at the most decisive moment, he effectively breaks the murderous chain that runs through every Star Wars.
If you trace the line of fatherhood from Obi Wan in the other direction, you find, in the prequels, Anakin the fatherless, rebelling against one father-figure (Obi-Wan) and ultimately destroying another (Emperor Palpatine).
Anakin, the fatherless, the betrayer... from his betrayal of Obi Wan, unto his redemption, the betrayal of Supreme Leader Darth Sidious. And of course, in Kylo Ren, Anakin finds an analogue.
And so, fifteen years go by, and then come Star Wars VII and VIII, proudly restating the themes of their predecessors. Kylo Ren is Vader with his mask off: the tortured product of a compromised ideology, following in Anakin's footsteps as the consummate patricide (first Solo, then Snoke). He is a creature of naive idealism, twisted into a reactionary when faced with the imperfections of his symbolic order.
Fatherhood is still a pivotal theme in episodes VII and VIII, but now, a new question emerges to complicate it:
What of motherhood? Of the masculine, we've seen much... but of femininity, all we've seen, in Episodes I-VI, is maidenhood. The only mother who has any role in character development is Shmi, and she is effectively a disposable device, part of a section of backstory clumsily soldered to the Clone Wars narrative arc.
At the very least, we saw that the death of his mother was the first trigger for Anakin to drift toward the dark side (though it may have always been within him). In a sense, Anakin was a failure of nurturing, an id conditioned entirely through the one-sided application of austerity, specialized training, and detached spirituality.
So we might take the license of really reading into that: the whole story, from episodes I through VI, is the story of a universe without motherhood.
It is only in Episode VII and VIII that motherhood stands up and makes its return. Leia Organa is the motherhood of strength and survival, Maz Kanata is the motherhood of the concerned bystander, and Amilyn Holdo is the motherhood of secondary relations, the aunts and godmothers and best friends of the world. This motherhood includes both survival and sacrifice, two dominant themes of Star Wars Episode VIII.
In Episode VIII, Luke returns, and through Luke and Kylo Ren, the fatherhood theme continues its critical role. However, Luke Skywalker, now a hermit sage, drives a massive shift in momentum: he hesitates to become the father figure, and when he finally does, he is the ghost of a dying ideal. His critical contribution is a duel with no intention of winning; his final gesture is to fade away and vanish altogether.
FIRST, that the fatherhood complex is toxic... it has always been about ideological purity and passivity (the Light), or about envy and murder (the Dark).
SECOND, that the new virtues must be wholly different: the virtues of survival and sacrifice and rebirth. These are the virtues championed by the maternal spirits, and they are the stamps of destiny upon Rey, the orphaned female successor to the Jedi philosophy.
And still carrying this thematic burden, despite her tragic loss: Carrie Fischer as Leia Organa, forever the survivor, sending severed tongues to abusers, always shattering her stereotypes: the princess, the sexual chattel, the hysteric. Carrie Fischer, who seemed so linked to her own mother that the latter followed Carrie into the dark.
And so, we can follow Star Wars, one of our greatest mythologies, into one of its greatest discoveries: that motherhood survives and blesses our successors with their survival, and fatherhood finally learns when to let go and overcome itself, dissolving back into history.
A topical update on my creative endeavors lately: I've placed poetry in a few beautiful and respectable literary magazines (all online so far, which is cool, because it's actually easier to provide access to them).
I'm still trying to decide where to keep a running bibliography of my published poetry. It might end up in a side-page on miksimum.com, or maybe I'll create a post on here and continually update it.
If anyone has a burning desire for rapport on this or related topics, please don't hesitate to contact me on Twitter or email me.
"Explanations place all apparent possibilities into the context of the necessary; stories set all necessities into the context of the possible." -James P. Carse, Finite and Infinite Games[1]
Today's date is September 11, 2017. Thursday. Twin Peaks: The Return ended exactly one week ago, on Sunday the 5th.
With luck, the end of Twin Peaks: The Return will also be the end of Twin Peaks as a whole phenomenon. It's been pushed to its reasonable limit, and at that limit, it's found a kind of wholeness.
Another reason the series should reach its end: the whole world of Twin Peaks was annihilated in the closing moments of episode 18. That final scene showed the collapse of that universe.
Not everybody who watched the finale saw this. Indeed, the general drift of public opinion seemed to be frustrated confusion (as though nobody had noticed Lynch's whole, relentlessly consistent directing career telegraphing this kind of ending). Most people didn't know what they saw in those final moments... it registered as an unsettling non-sequiter, a rebuff to the closure that Lynch teased them with in episode 17.
The end of the episode is about those fans, hoping for some kind of closure. It's also about the FBI (at least, the fantasy FBI that Lynch has constructed for the world of Twin Peaks). It's also about characters, and audiences, and creators, and all their relationships to the art that defines them.
And of course, like everything Lynch has created, it's about the strangeness and singularity of the art.
This is not a particularly profound conclusion, despite this broken, aphoristic formatting, which is saturated with pretense and self-consciousness. (I'm only using it because these thoughts needed to be broken up, or they would have come rushing out as an exhausting torrent of interpretation and explanation [2]).
If you want to "understand" Twin Peaks... if you were frustrated by the lack of closure, by the fact that the ending didn't add up to anything meaningful or resolute... I have a solution. It may work for you... it may not... but at least I can offer it. It's an interpretation that convinced me, even in my resistance to it. It's the one that risen above all the other speculation.
I kind of hate that I've discovered a privileged reading. I kind of liked it better when I was wandering between interpretations. But it's only natural that, as a Fan, I find a form of closure here, because that allows me to be more at home with the series.
Judy has been translated by some fans as "explanation." This has been hotly disputed, and I'm almost ashamed to be referencing it, but it leads smoothly into this reading of the series' conclusion: that Judy is an embodiment of transcendence, or gnosis, in a terrible, destructive form.
By "transcendence," I mean the understanding of Twin Peaks from outside the fictional world of the show. This is what Judy represents. This is the "extreme negative force" that these characters are all chasing, even as they should be running away from it.
A lot of these ideas are assembled from comments in this Reddit thread, by the way. Despite my desperate desire to explain every detail of this interpretation, I am going to restrain myself. To read more of the textual connections, glance through that thread a bit. Also, I think this blogger got about halfway to where I ended up, so read that post for some more connections within the text.
Also, this post on syncing up episodes 17 and 18: this theory is brilliant, and may ultimately overrule any alternative, but it also dovetails with my own interpretation: the connection between Judy and the Demiurge, and the pathway into the real world, are particularly relevant.
If this is what Judy is, and they finally find Judy in the semi-fictional Limbo ("pocket universe") of Richard and Linda and Carrie Page, then the final scene is the discovery of Judy herself, and Cooper and Laura/Carrie's realization that they are fictional characters.
In fact, the sound of Sarah Palmer's voice calling Laura's name... to me, it looked like that was coming from a room in the house. It looked like someone in that room was watching a TV, and maybe that was the dialog they were hearing.
The fire of narrative, fed by credulity and poetic faith [3], is embodied as electricity. In those final moments, the electricity flows out of this universe forever. This is the destruction of the show's secondary reality, the collapse that closes out the whole series. When the characters realize they are parts of a fiction, that fiction can no longer be maintained.
So many of us amateur critics are willing to hand-wave Cooper's disorienting final question: "What year is this?" That line actually has great significance for this finale. To Cooper, it's a confrontation with a reality outside his own timeline, which is running discontinuously through it, on a million televisions.
Suddenly Cooper, the character, understands that he simply vanished for 25 years, and now he exists again, with a different name. He is the accursed fancy of a higher consciousness: a Creator with the power to construct a universe out of nothing.
For the audience, this is connected to the question of why: why should this creation, left fallow for 25 years, suddenly be resurrected in our age of cell phones and Skype? And why, 25 years after the story closed itself off to us, are we still so desperate for closure and "explanation"?
David Lynch has been hounded by demands for explanation his entire life. He knows that everybody wants it. He also knows that in the end, we don't want it... it dispels the glamour of narrative, chops down that fertile tree that grows from our subconscious.
And the reason Twin Peaks: The Return spoke to me was that Lynch had something to tell me... a warning, a threat, and a little koan. Because I didn't want explanation, I thought. I've always reveled in the open signifiers of Weird Cinema, and I've always appreciated the fluid meanings of poetry and surrealism.
But I also search for meanings. I search desperately for them. Where I see order, I can't help but divine for purpose. Twin Peaks was no special case in that regard... I digested for a day, and then I fell into the major outlet thinkpieces (numbingly repetitive, frankly) and then I dove deeper, surfing Tweets and comment boards and the subreddit.
And now that I've found it, I'm lost outside the work. I'm the consummate chin-stroker, hovering above the abyss, who's lost the grand mystique of unspeakable ideas. I've stumbled from Fandom into Criticism.
But even from here, I can still see the whole series, laid out before me, and part of me knows I don't really understand it. Though my sight is dimmer, I can still see sparkles: unresolved events, unanswered questions, and broad themes that I've only glimpsed.
[1] Carse has some fascinating ideas about Explanation, Narrative, and the Unspeakable. His theory is beyond the reach of simple paraphrase, but I should note: he associates explanation with what he calls "finite games," which are time-bound, goal-oriented, and seek as few players as possible (ultimately leading to a single "winner"). Explanation closes off possibility, and it's relentlessly rearward-facing, always hung up on the past. To Carse, explanation is self-limitation, and as a world is explained, it is also restricted.
Judy is the Finite Game descending upon the open signification of Twin Peaks. She is the knowledge that undermines wonder, and the darkness of pure transparency. To Lynch, she is terrifying.
The question "What just happened?" was asked repeatedly in the last couple episodes, and the repetition was pretty conspicuous. These characters are itching for an explanation.
The refusal to speak, the allusion to Judy as the unspeakable: "We don't talk about that" is echoed by Agent Jeffries, and also in Hawk's explanation of the spiritual map.
There are several pretty strong implications that the final scenes of The Return, after Coop and Diane's night in the hotel, take place in the "real" world (or something close to it, at least)
Electricity is a crucial image through the whole season, the 2017 "mutation" of Fire from the original series. There are lots of metaphorical possibilities here (the Lynchian Open Signifier), but there's no denying that electricity is necessary for running a television -- the lifeblood of the fictional artifact, and the lubricant that allows it to escape its container and get released into the world.
By this reading, the end of Season 3 echoes the discovery of Laura's killer in Season 2. By some accounts, this is what killed the show's momentum and mystery. Another explanation, another death of the show... then forced, now intentional.
1989 comes to a small northwestern town, just as it comes to every other place. This town, sheltered by the rains and forests of Washington State, is called Twin Peaks.
And in 1989, Twin Peaks becomes a place so unlike every other place, it's almost insulting to describe it with the same language, channeled through the same air.
Something will find Twin Peaks and linger there: an entity from outside space and time, incorporated in a human body, but endless and depthless when you look into its eyes... a creature of the abyss, feeding on suffering, whose emptiness infects the weak and compromised. This thing is called BOB.
Fortunately, this universe has its defenses. A coalition of reason and resistance will emerge -- a wise and perceptive FBI agent named Dale Cooper, a stern and earnest local sheriff named Harry Truman, and a cast of supporting personnel who will make their jobs possible. This coalition will both win and lose... it will vanquish a tormentor, save a life, and face down the darkness... but Cooper will be drawn into an existential prison, locked away, while BOB is let loose upon the world.
In a hotel that appears mysteriously empty, except for the small lobby where we linger, there's a meager crowd huddled together and looking expectantly at an empty stage. Suddenly, a chorus of music blares, and a figure descends on a long escalator from nowhere. He stands in front of this audience, hand-picked to receive him, and he tells them something small and strange that will end up changing the lives of everybody in the world.
This creature is a funny little monster, a sort of orange wax figure, always scowling, with hair that looks like the chaff from a bad harvest. It's truly a Thing.
There's a lot of mockery of this spectacle... disembodied laughter, a slow-reacting universe that sees nothing but an empty absurdity... but when everything becomes clear, months and years later, we'll remember that laughter as a terrible portent.
In that small northwestern town, where those terrible things happened twenty-five years ago, a girl meets with her boyfriend outside the Double R Diner. He is afflicted... everyone is afflicted... and in his case, it shows as bad skin, a twitchy demeanor, and sunken eyes.
The girl ends a tense conversation by giving him a wad of money, and he promises her the world. He is moving in the right direction, he says. He will be everything he's been promising. In the meantime, do a line and lean back while I drive you into the wind.
It takes a certain kind of person to do this -- to convince themselves, and those who trust them, that they own the world. If they're really that kind of person, they can give you the glow of a good high, even as they grind your life into dust.
On November 8, 2016, the strange Thing from the top of the escalator becomes the Thing-in-Chief. Garmonbozia Futures shoot up on the commodities market.
Dale Cooper returns to the world, but he loses something in the process: his shoes, of course, but also his sovereignty, his gifts of wisdom and cunning and personality. He is essentially reduced to a toddler, well-meaning, but diminished, adrift in everyday life. Nobody really seems to care, because they have no sense of his real value... to them, he is just a placeholder, like every other secondary character in their lives.
Sheriff Harry Truman is suffering from an unnamed medical condition, and his loved ones can only hope he will recover. Twin Peaks, 25 years later, has to function without him. The silence of his absence is deafening.
Where are the heroes, the protectors, the avatars of hope and compassion? Where have they been, while Bob has been ranging across the American dreamscape?
The Thing-in-Chief is constantly photographed. This is a world where every reality is measured in photographs, after all, and this Thing has changed everything. History will always have his mark gouged across the second decade of the 21st century, and there will be plenty of visual records to prove it.
In this particular clip, he is on the tarmac, walking in close proximity to his wife, a loyal beauty who's been reduced to an ornament... whether this flatness is his work, or whether it's somehow self-imposed, is presently unanswerable.
The distinguishing thing, though... the little touch that sets this moment off... is that he reaches for her hand, looking for reassurance (a show for the cameras? Or an unexpected moment of insecurity?) and she bats him away. With gait unbroken and stone expression, she rejects him. How easily she makes such a large Thing look so small.
And the lens of the entire apparatus... every looping GIF, every gasp and joke and conspiracy theory, is turned toward that snub. Here, in a soup of irrationality, we catch a taste of meaning, and it turns out we're starving for it.
In 1941, "Trinity" -- predecessor of the nuclear bomb -- changes the geographic face of New Mexico, and the political landscape of the whole planet earth. This is the epicenter of the sins that will be visited upon these humans for the next century.
Within the blast radius, shadows flicker against gas station walls, and something parasitic is born.
Hands are an especially persistent motif in this visitor's mythology. The dissenting voices of the void call them "small," and this becomes a creeping trauma for the thing-in-chief. He sometimes uses them as weapons in social situations, yanking people toward himself and crowding them when he needs social leverage. His handshake is a landmine.
One of his strangest spectacles is a session in his office, sitting across from a fellow world leader while the buzzing eyes swarm around them. The expectation is simple -- a handshake, the oldest convention of courtesy in Western diplomacy -- and he refuses to carry it out, conspicuously ignoring the chancellor with whom he is supposed to be negotiating.
What is he afraid of, exactly? Her good will? Her leverage over him? Or his own hands, that suddenly seem so tiny?
And now we come to the primal scene, the moment where everything is distilled into its purest incomprehensibility.
At the Double-R Diner, there's tense conversation, followed by an unexpected burst of violence outside.
If you want the imaginary center of this sequence of events, pay attention to the conversation. Twin Peaks Deputy Bobby Briggs is talking to his daughter Becky and his former wife Shelly, and the family's tenderness is palpable. Even so, the strength of their connection can't efface the cruel undertone: Becky defending an abusive husband, continuing a pattern of abuse that her mother once propagated... and that her mother is making the same mistake again, even as she disapproves. The deep compassion of this family is barely enough to balance the cycle of violence that plagues her maternal line.
After the conversation is over, the violence comes, and here, you will find the emotional center, hand-in-hand with the imaginary center. Two gunshots break the windows of the Diner, and everyone ducks for cover. Deputy Briggs runs outside and finds a family stopped at an intersection, the mother screaming at her sulking husband for leaving a loaded gun in their car, and their child sulking in turn. So the father, so the son.
Behind the derailed minivan, there's a white sedan, and it can't stop honking, despite the obvious emergency that's holding up the line of traffic. Like a good town cop, Deputy Briggs goes to the window of the sedan to convince the driver to stop honking.
There, Briggs finds something harrowing, in its inexplicable way: a woman screaming about the delay, enraged that she won't make it home for dinner, while a young girl writhes in throes of agony beside her... apparently having a seizure and coughing up black bile.
There is something absolutely alien and poisonous about this narrative moment. What impulses the driver is acting out... why she's so hysterical over banalities, even as she accompanies a suffering family member with a horrific illness... the malevolence is thick and oily and palpable. There is a sense, here, that Deputy Briggs has stumbled into a nightmare. Luckily, a scene change arrives to wake us up, so we don't have to remain there with him.
On July 25, the Republicans in Congress (the Thing-in-Chief's sycophants) held a vote on to bring a bill to the Senate floor. This bill would dismantle the ACA, and radically reshape the US healthcare system. It would rip health insurance away from something like 15 million people, and it would increase premiums by something like 20% (contrary to its stated aim of making healthcare affordable for all) [CBO via Business Insider]. Their "Yes" votes were audible over the national public outcry against the bill, and over the advice of medical associations, state governors, and their own constituents.
If you glance at this bill for more than a second, you see that it's actually illusory: no concrete policy is entailed, no strategy for solving the lingering problems with the healthcare system is implied. It's essentially a blank page, and the Republicans, led by Mitch McConnell and goaded by the Thing itself, are insisting on having a "constructive debate" on it.
At the heart of the process was a veteran soldier, famous for standing up against his party's worst impulses. braving the aftermath of major brain surgery... a mythical figure of politics, walking dramatically into the Senate chamber, and casting his vote: to conform without question to his party's nihilism, denying millions their health insurance when he himself had just undergone the trauma of a devastating medical condition.
He was applauded for his bravery, not just by his own party, but by the entire floor. And then the vote went through, and this bill -- a throbbing nuclear bomb for anyone with unstable employment and medical needs -- became an imminent possibility.
These are the children of reason's sleep. These are the scions of a chaotic, narcissistic, demented modern age.
It's 3 AM, and my town is very Lynchian tonight. The suburbs are deserted, with a hum in the background (a neighborhood of window air conditioners). Whenever I hear a car coming in the distance, it's always isolated, and I'm fully alone, and so I keep feeling a moment of panic. This is the dark road of the margins, and I am the bystander getting caught in the headlights.
Where are my protectors? Where are the people who have some grip on the world, who can still resist its tantrums and confusions and cruelties?
In honor of the Summer Solstice, I'll go ahead and compile all my Twitter reviews for this year. These were all written within a couple weeks of seeing the film, and they all take up exactly 144 characters, including the film title and date. As you can see, I gave myself some flexibility on the matter of punctuation and abbreviation.
If you follow me on Twitter, these will occasionally show up on my timeline. As you can see, I like movies. I am very forgiving. If you're looking for something more acerbic, maybe Armond White or the Angry Nerd has a Twitter account.
Spring (2014) - A wide-ranging young romance, with flashes of horror that are discordant, but don't do much to curb the warmth of the story.
Kagemusha (1980) - Grand & lush, all the elements of vintage Kurosawa, but didn't have the shapely arc and development of his better movies.
Anguish (2015) - A brooding, earnest "tormented ghost" tale with exceptionally endearing characters. In the end, it rather undersells itself
Tangled (2010) - Sort of a throwback Disney Romance/comedy, whose brilliant physical humor more than redeems some clumsy writing and pacing.
Enemy (2013) - A brilliant, chilling cyclical enigma that opens its own little self-contained universe, and ends by closing itself up again.
A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night (2014) - Not too scary, but stylish &; austere, with the feel of a dream on the edge of becoming a nightmare
La La Land (2016) - Sometimes too pat, but always earnest... you could tell the filmmaker wanted a happy ending as badly as his audience did
Dope (2015) - Malcolm and his crew are brilliant protagonists in a striking and spontaneous adventure, tonally cacophanous, but never boring
Happy People (2010) - Herzog weaves a spell of fascination and intimacy with the Taiga: its stern voices, its landscapes, & its bitter cold.
Quest for Fire (1981) - A muddy slog, bludgeoning narrative conventions with brute frankness, but limited in its capacity to create tension.
The Last Unicorn (1982) - A wise and bittersweet animated romance, crafted with gentle strangeness that makes it feel timeless and mythical.
The Lobster (2015) - A dry and twisted movie - sadistic in a lonely, alienating way, with traces of hope and romance. A singular experience.
I'm going to go ahead and post some more abstract notes, developing some ideas I've had floating around for a while. This is related to this post and this post, where you'll find what I was then calling the Aspect Aesthetic (I think I need a better name).
Still, the big idea is the same: that these three roles are fundamental, especially when talking about aesthetics... and they can be applied to many areas of life where investment and appreciation meet reason, loyalty, identity, and faith.
This depends on a lot of premises that haven't been proven, obviously... like, the idea that culture can be used as a guiding frame of reference for understanding humans and their relationship to the world, and that the more broadly you apply this frame, the more it seems to cover. You've started with culture and art and the creative instinct, and eventually, by talking about subjectivity and human nature and idealism, and the universe as a sensory phenomenon, you find yourself stomping clumsily through ethics and politics, and encroaching even upon history and physics and metaphysics.
Not that I necessarily mind that... I'm no analytic academic... but for now, we just have to start with the seed of the idea: the Consumer and the Critic. The Creator is a bigger construct, I think, and that will have to wait for a different day.
All works create an interior world, guided by certain patterns and assumptions, operating by certain rules, constrained in particular ways.
The world of the work is built according to the blueprints of its Creator, but it's not limited thereby. There's just as much input from history, context, collective memory, the subconscious, and the cultural preoccupations, as there is from the Creator herself, a small person with a limited purview and access to an disinterested creative force (the muse, the reservoir, etc... wait for the Creator entry for more on that).
The Consumer inhabits this world. They invest in it, accept its specifications, and make it real by acting as its observer.
The quintessential consumer is the Fan. If you're not a Fan, your status as Consumer is precarious. The Fan is the person who not only chooses the work, but who also chooses to advocate for it... a form of Patriotism for the work's conceptual territory.
The Fan has a shadow (the Jungian, or an archetypal video game Doppelganger boss, depending on your frame of reference). This shadow is the Anti-Fan, a genuinely weird creature -- a Consumer who rejects the work outright -- whose engagement takes the form of kneejerk denial. Anti-fans are the people who say, without any explicit reason, "This just isn't my thing" or "I don't really think I get it."
The true Fan defines the work from the inside. They are a necessary part of the work coming into fulfillment. Lots of works have no Fans, which leaves them stuck in a sort of limbo, having no relationship to the world except through the anemic will and intention of their Creator.
Fandom is a sort of religious experience, and all religions are Fandoms. Christians are the most obvious example of this, being Fans of God’s word, His creations, and Jesus, His central character/principle/motif.
The Critic may be free to focus on certain works and ignore others, but they're always bound by the obligations of rationality. They make claims about works, and these claims are supported or unsupported. Criticism is a parasite that feeds on justification. Consumers are immune to this infection.
The freedom of the Consumer is not merely the negative freedom of not-being-forced... it's the positive freedom of browsing and investing, the radical self-actualization of choosing something that defines you. Being a Consumer means you have this capacity… being a Fan means actually using it.
It's hard to imagine why anyone would choose to be a Critic, when there's so much content around to get swept up in. Because Criticism is, by nature, a self-exile from the subject (i.e. putting your beloved pet, the dog named Culture, on the dissection table of discourse).
It may be the access. The Critic DOES have access to certain dimensions that the Consumer can't get to.
For instance, being a Consumer means the loss of the economic dimension... and for the Fan, there is no economic dimension at all. In a way that's denied to the Fan, the Critic can step outside the work and understand it in terms of precedent, context, relative quality, the field. "The Market," as it were.
But the Fan could certainly argue that the Critic is denied a certain dimension, as well, and it may be the most important dimension of the work: the heart, the interior, the absolute investment that makes the work come alive.
The Critic has to acknowledge the possibility of the Consumer, but they can't fully Consume. They have to appreciate the Fan, but they are not Fans. Anyone who claims to be a Fan and a Critic at the same time is misunderstanding one of those two roles.
If they're truly a Fan, their criticism isn't true criticism -- it's merely an intellectual engagement, broadening the scope of the work by doing internal labor. If they're doing the difficult work of criticism -- sorting out the pros from the cons, observing technical weaknesses, categorizing the work, questioning its motives and its internal coherence -- they're not really being a Fan. They're being a Critic.
Perhaps they're being a Critic who has eaten a Fan. This is relatively common, and frankly, Fans make the best food (other Critics are bitter and chafe the palate). So Fans make the best food, and eating Fans makes the best Critics.
The Critic eats Fans like Kirby eats his enemies. By eating the Fan, the Critic gains the short-term, provisional ability to ignore the work's weaknesses and assimilate with it. Employed correctly, this can make the Critic's criticism far more robust, and thus more persuasive. Criticism written from this perspective -- from the post-prandial daze of simulated fandom -- I would call "Criticism in the sympathetic mode."
Still, this is an asymmetrical relationship. The Critic can temporarily effect Fandom because the Critic is outside the work, and has more freedom to operate in various modes in relation to it. The Fan can't become a Critic in the same way, because the Fan is a creature of the interior. The Fan can't survive outside the work, and they can't see the work as a whole, which is required for any meaningful criticism.
One of the key postures that challenges the Critic-Consumer dichotomy is Ironic Fandom. This is a popular mode in postmodern discourse, and a key part of the Hipster project of illegibility.
The Ironic Fan seems to blur the line between Fan and Critic, but inevitably, the rule still holds: a Critic can act as a Fan, and not vice versa. The Ironic Fan is actually a Critic simulating a Fan, but leaving the signposts of simulation out to see. They are highly conscious of context: history, genre, and conventions. Their temporary Fandom consists in recognizing all the conventions and tropes and standard templates, and willingly inflating the value of these conventions in order to distort the appraisal of the work. Their Fandom is not sincere... it's a game of superiority and obfuscation.
The Critic has other crucial roles in cultural production. These are related to those functions and dimensions that are the unique purview of the critical perspective: context, history, technical authority, status, independence, objectivity. These may be true characteristics, or they may be pretensions... in any case, they are crucial for the work of the Critic.
I'm feeling nostalgic for a time long before I existed... before most of Western civilization existed, really. It's a side-effect of listening to The History of Philosophy Without Any Gaps (I'm up through the Middle Platonists) and reflecting on the potency and simplicity of those early philosophical doctrines, from Heraclitis and into Aristotle and Socrates and the Hellenistic schools.
I'm not nostalgic for the inevitable disease, scarcity, and slavery that made up everyday life in those classical empires... indeed, my nostalgia requires a certain denial about the real historical conditions. What I'm nostalgic about, obviously, is the freshness of thought... the way these philosophers could try to get a handle on the whole universe, the nature of reality and virtue and everything, in a way that's simple, that just requires a couple principles, one or two guiding concepts, and a faith in reason to reduce everything else.
It's been a long time since somebody could honestly say, "The virtuous life is the good life, and virtue is just the pursuit of wisdom and self-mastery." It's also been a long time since somebody could say, "Everything is made of air." How different history would have been, if one of those metaphysical statements had proven true! That behind the great multiplicity of reality, we'd found a simple unity! A history of childlike simplicity, of getting everything in order according to one principle... the whole mess of human conflict, just washed away, all at once.
I know philosophy can't really operate like that these days. That kind of innocence is long gone, diluted by cultural exchange and obliterated by the fires of war. No intellectualism can be honest without acknowledging the specific, the irreducible, the multiplicity of objects and subjects and vantage points.
So if you have a yearning for something that captures the world, or at least tries to grapple with everything at once, rather than with some small, isolated part of it, you have to go to those places that lean into ambiguity, that celebrate the strangeness and the mystery of it all... things that make space for meaninglessness, and accept infinite contingency.
Luckily, I've been watching the new season of Twin Peaks, and Lynch's sensibility scratches this itch pretty well.
It's not perfect... or if it is, I'm not far enough through the whole thing to see it... but Lynch does not shy away from the grand fog. He may find some monsters in the mist, but more importantly, it brings out the obscure discord of everything... the way all reality is sort of floating, removed from the simple constraints of logic and justice and cause and effect and archetype. Sometimes it's almost nihilistic, and sometimes it's merciful and melancholy.
There is something sad, to me, about watching Dale Cooper wander the city, helpless, only comprehending the most proximal connections and sensations. Because I am the proud parent of a toddler, and Dale Cooper is acting very much like her. And what it conveys, to me, is a particular point about how confused and venal and unnecessary the world is, with all its complications.
I'm uniquely sensitive to this kind of ambiguity at the moment. I think this is what I responded to in "It's Not Like I Tried to Hurt Anyone," a very compelling story I stumbled across in one of those Medium "recommended" sidebars... there is a sense in which the main character's refusal, her withdrawal from history, makes her feel vast and divine in a way that's not shared by all the rest of us, caught up and diminished in the flow of the everyday.
I'd like to do some more focused writing soon. I'd do a philosophical essay, if I could manage it, and I've got a starting point -- the Skeptics' investment in their own ignorance, which I strongly identify with -- but I need more content, something more compelling to structure it. We'll see what comes of the urge. I feel a terrible shortness in myself, an inadequacy, that I need to power through, even if I can never vanquish it.
As a final note -- I also ran across an excerpt from a book called Essayism, and it's made me want to buy the whole thing, when I have a moment to read it.
Yes, that's right -- armchair media critic raising a little girl has been watching a lot of Disney movies, and in the spirit of this blog, I can't help but appreciatively thumb through their themes and messages and motifs. Here, as anywhere, there are many beautiful things to discover.
Despite having great friends and family who are intense Disney fans, I remain a bit of a skeptic. I have to take the position of the Critic on this topic -- I can't shake the suspicion that "Princess" culture might feed into crass, commercialized, rigid femininity.
On the other hand, I can't deny the company's love for cultural myth, and their commitment to storytelling. Rewatching their various canonical films, both Classic and Contemporary, I'm struck by the complexity of their aesthetic. They run the wide gamut of Romantic sensibilities, from the folksiness of Snow White to the Gothic sprawl of Sleeping Beauty, up through Princess Tiana's Creole Southern Gothic Americana.
I've been struck by some of the emotional moments in these movies... as, for instance, the crushing moment in Tangled when Rapunzel says "Yes, mommy" to her jealous kidnapper.
And I've been impressed with how Disney has changed: before what Wikipedia calls the Modern Era, the Princesses were generally pitted against standard monstrous adversaries. Since the 2000's, however -- with the adjective-titled Disney films, Frozen and Brave -- you'll find that a focus on internal turmoil, rather than external conflict... the estrangement between two sisters, a girl who resents her mother and the traditions she represents. These are the battles all the young people of the world will have to fight.
I did love Tangled... despite being a crusty 35-year old man, I was genuinely delighted by its earnestness and its slap-stick humor.
These goofy men remind me more of myself than I'd ever be willing to admit to anyone, save the whole anonymous Internet. I imagine they're all living their Plan B -- they rehearse their piano lessons, reminisce about their first crush, and occasionally visit the storefront that was supposed to be their bakery. Pillaging was always supposed to be a side-job, they tell themselves... how did I end up here at the Duckling, just like my dad did, and just like his dad before him?
But they know. These bandits, they know -- it's not about who recognizes your hard work, or how much you get paid for it. They know that the free market economy chooses winners and losers based on inscrutable patterns, cynicism, charisma, and the flapping of a single butterfly's wings. For these ruffians, it's about flourishing, and they have faith that they CAN flourish, even as plunderers and highwaymen, as long as they set aside time for their true aspirations.
Eudaimonia -- a life of flourishing -- is all about having a space of your own to cultivate, even if it's deep under the radar of the prevailing social structures. It's all about having hopes, and passions, and a community of support.
That, of course, is the other beautiful function of the Snuggly Duckling... it's a community of enlightened, supportive masculinity, disguised as a rotten rat's nest of thieves. Who wouldn't want to be adopted by this circle of friends, who will listen to your concerts, taste your cupcakes, and watch your little puppet shows?
Of course, they have to keep up a front. Their furry capes and winged helmets are their Gucci business suits, and their battleaxes are their business cards. They have to talk in gruff obscenities, just like other male-gendered people have to make eye contact and shake hands. You never know when a potential client is going to come through that door and potentially catch you, looking like some kind of Unicorn Collector.
But for an earnest young lady who asks them the question -- what are your dreams? -- they will open up, just as they've opened up to one another. Breakin' femurs may provide a show of confidence, but it doesn't really indicate true security, genuine self-acceptance... only the recognition of your brothers-in-arms can do that. This is a truly magical little tavern, a temporary autonomous zone, where pretense is shed and aspiration takes all forms.
In fact, honesty and openness is so important to the denizens of the Snuggly Duckling that they will enforce it by violence, if necessary (truly an intersectional community). This is what Flynn Rider discovers when he refuses to sing.
Those swords have a clear message: In this community, a show of vulnerability and authenticity is the hazing, the expected trial by fire. If you don't open up and show your true self, they're saying, then you're not privy to the nurturing fraternity that's hiding here in the Duckling... nay, you get the malicious, mean, and scary outlaw pirates. And I don't think you want that, Mr. Slick-haired Pseudonymous Flynn "dying of insecurity" Rider. No, you definitely want to be on our Snuggly side.
My brothers, lost in this postmodern era, I promise you: we will eventually find our Snuggly Duckling. We will dream again!
Ethereum is an unbelievable cryptocurrency platform, yet, if growth is too quickly, there may be some difficulties. If the platform is adopted immediately, Ethereum requests could increase drastically, and at a rate that exceeds the rate with which the miners can create new coins. Under a situation like this, the entire platform of Ethereum could become destabilized due to the raising costs of running distributed applications. In turn, this could dampen interest Ethereum platform and ether. Instability of demand for ether can result in an adverse change in the economical parameters of an Ethereum based company that could result in company being unable to continue to run or to cease operation.
The physical Internet backbone that carries information between different nodes of the network has become the work of a number of firms called Internet service providers (ISPs), which includes firms that provide long-distance pipelines, sometimes at the international level, regional local conduit, which finally links in families and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only happen through one of these ISPs, players like level 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP operates its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private firms, and sometimes by Governments, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to move messages across the network. Many ISPs have agreements with suppliers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and businesses who want to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network causes it to be possible for the data to stream without interruption, in the right place at the perfect time.
While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet collectively these firms decide how it works, and established rules and standards that everyone remains. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that is occurring to determine how things work and what happens if something bad happens. To get a domain name, for example, one needs permission from a Registrar, which includes a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone for connecting to and with her. Concern over security dilemmas? A working group is formed to focus on the issue and the solution developed and deployed is in the interest of all parties. If the Internet is down, you have someone to call to get it mended. If the issue is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in position and service level agreements, which regulate the manner in which these issues are resolved.
The advantage of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain isn’t regulated by any centered firm. No one can tell the miners to upgrade, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that is something that as a devoted advocate badge of honor, and is identical to the way the Internet functions. But as you comprehend now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that regulate how it works current inherent problems to the consumer. Blockchain technology has none of that.
For most users of cryptocurrencies it isn’t necessary to comprehend how the procedure operates in and of itself, but it’s essentially vital that you comprehend that there is a process of mining to create virtual money. Unlike monies as we understand them today where Authorities and banks can only choose to print unlimited amounts (I am not saying they are doing so, just one point), cryptocurrencies to be operated by users using a mining software, which solves the sophisticated algorithms to release blocks of monies that can enter into circulation.
Many people choose to use a currency deflation, notably those that want to save. Despite the criticism and skepticism, a cryptocurrency coin may be better suited for some applications than others. Fiscal seclusion, for instance, is excellent for political activists, but more problematic as it pertains to political campaign financing. We need a secure cryptocurrency for use in commerce; in case you are living paycheck to paycheck, it’d happen included in your riches, with the rest reserved for other currencies.
Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to explore possibilities for making substantial ammonts of cash with various types of internet marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to brave the cryptocurrency markets.Bitcoin structure provides an informative example of how one might make a lot of money in the cryptocurrency markets. Bitcoin is an astonishing intellectual and technical accomplishment, and it’s created an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But very few people understand that and pass up on very successful business models made available as a result of growing use of blockchain technology.
It’s certainly possible, but it must be able to recognize opportunities regardless of market behaviour. The market moves in relation to cost BTC … So even if it’s in a BTC trend down can make money by purchasing the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you will be okay.
You are able to run a search on the web. First learn, then models, indicators and most importantly practice looking at old charts and pick out trends. When you commence to keep a trading diary screenshots and your comment/forecast. Precisely what is the best way to get confident with charts IMHO. Oh certainly, and don’t fool yourself into thinking that you purchase the uptrend will never drop! Always will go down! Viewers incremental increases are more reliable and profitable (most times)
Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, LiteCoin, Ether, YOCoin, and many others happen to be designed as a non-fiat currency. Put simply, its backers assert that there is “real” worth, even through there isn’t any physical representation of that worth. The worth grows due to computing power, that’s, is the lone way to create new coins distributed by allocating CPU power via computer programs called miners. Miners create a block after a time frame that’s worth an ever decreasing amount of currency or some kind of benefit in order to ensure the shortfall. Each coin consists of many smaller components. For Bitcoin, each unit is called a satoshi. Operations that take place during mining are exactly to authenticate other transactions, such that both creates and authenticates itself, a simple and elegant solution, which can be one of the appealing aspects of the coin. The blockchain is where the public record of all trades lives.
The fact that there is little evidence of any growth in using virtual money as a currency may be the reason why there are minimal efforts to control it. The reason for this could be simply that the marketplace is too small for cryptocurrencies to justify any regulatory effort. It’s also possible the regulators simply do not comprehend the technology and its implications, anticipating any developments to act.
Mining cryptocurrencies is how new coins are placed into circulation. Because there’s no government control and crypto coins are digital, they cannot be printed or minted to produce more. The mining process is what makes more of the coin. It may be useful to think of the mining as joining a lottery group, the pros and cons are exactly the same. Mining crypto coins means you will get to keep the total benefits of your efforts, but this reduces your chances of being successful. Instead, joining a pool means that, overall, members will have a much higher chance of solving a block, but the reward will be split between all members of the pool, predicated on the number of “shares” won.
If you are thinking about going it alone, it’s worth noting the applications settings for solo mining can be more complicated than with a pool, and beginners would be probably better take the latter path. This alternative also creates a secure flow of revenue, even if each payment is small compared to entirely block the reward.
In the event of the fully functioning cryptocurrency, it might actually be traded like a product. Advocates of cryptocurrencies proclaim that this sort of online cash is not governed by a key bank system and is not thus susceptible to the vagaries of its inflation. Since there are a restricted number of items, this moneyis importance is based on market forces, enabling owners to business over cryptocurrency transactions.
Here is the coolest thing about cryptocurrencies; they usually do not physically exist anywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you take a look at a specific address for a wallet featuring a cryptocurrency, there is absolutely no digital information held in it, like in the exact same way that a bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It truly is only a representation of value, but there isn’t any genuine palpable sort of that value. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be seized or frozen or audited by the banks and the law. They don’t have spending limits and withdrawal restrictions enforced on them. No one but the person who owns the crypto wallet can determine how their riches will be managed.
The beauty of the cryptocurrencies is that scam was proved an impossibility: as a result of dynamics of the method by which it is transacted. All exchanges on the crypto currency blockchain are permanent. When youare paid, you get paid. This is simply not something temporary wherever your visitors can challenge or desire a concessions, or employ illegal sleight of palm. Used, many investors will be wise to use a payment processor, due to the permanent dynamics of crypto currency deals, you must be sure that safety is challenging. With any form of crypto currency whether it be a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or some of the numerous additional altcoins, thieves and hackers could potentially get access to your individual keys and therefore grab your money. However, you probably can never have it back. It is vitally important for you to embrace some very good safe and secure routines when working with any cryptocurrency. Doing this can protect you from all of these damaging events.
Cryptocurrency is freeing people to transact money and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in a similar way, but in addition they get involved in more sophisticated smart contracts. Multiple signatures enable a transaction to be supported by the network, but where a specific number of a defined group of people consent to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This permits progressive dispute arbitration services to be developed in the future. These services could enable a third party to approve or reject a transaction in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their money. Unlike cash and other payment procedures, the blockchain consistently leaves public proof that a transaction happened. This can be potentially used in a appeal against businesses with deceptive practices.
Only a fraction of bitcoins issued so far are available on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, which suggests the price a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. Many people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This limits the quantity of bitcoins that are really circulating in the exchanges. Additionally, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Consequently, even the most diligent buyer could not buy all present bitcoins. This scenario isn’t to suggest that markets are not vulnerable to price exploitation, yet there exists no requirement for big amounts of cash to transfer market prices up or down. The smallest events in the world economy can affect the price of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency volatile.
Bitcoin is the principal cryptocurrency of the web: a digital money standard by which all other coins are compared to. Cryptocurrencies are distributed, international, and decentralized. Unlike conventional fiat currencies, there’s no authorities, banks, or some other regulatory agencies. As such, it really is more immune to crazy inflation and tainted banks. The advantages of using cryptocurrencies as your method of transacting cash online outweigh the protection and privacy hazards. Security and seclusion can easily be reached by just being bright, and following some basic guidelines. You’dn’t put your whole bank ledger online for the word to see, but my nature, your cryptocurrency ledger is publicized. This can be secured by removing any identity of possession in the wallets and thus keeping you anonymous.
Anyone can become a Bitcoin miner running applications with specialized hardware. Mining applications listen for transmission transactions on the peer-to-peer network and perform the appropriate tasks to process and validate these transactions. Bitcoin miners do this because they can earn transaction fees paid by users for faster transaction processing, and new bitcoins in existence are under denominated formulas.
16: Organization that normally receives no more than one third of its support from gross investment income and unrelated business income and at the same time more than one third of its support from contributions, fees, and gross receipts related to exempt purposes. 509(a)(2)
With an estimated 100,000 travel agents in the U.S., finding the right one to plan your next vacation can seem like a daunting task.
“The travel business is about experiences and relationships. If you don’t have a travel advisor, establish a relationship before you really need them,” said cruising specialist Mary Ann Ramsey, a 40-year industry veteran and owner of Betty Maclean Travel. Once you find a great travel agent, you’ll want to hold on to them for life.
Finding an agent who lives in your destination of choice is often a great (and in some cases, very affordable) idea, but be sure to vet them before you send any money. You should always ask the agent for client references who you can reach out to directly to ask about their experience.
When traveling to remote or undeveloped areas, Cheri Briggs, founder of Explore Inc. and a specialist for Africa, suggests using an agent disney travel agents “from your country of residence so you have legal recourse if something goes awry.” If you get scammed, you might not be able to get a refund.
“Don’t just call one tour operator or agent. Call a few to find the best match,” said Kota Tabuchi, managing director at Travel Beyond. “This person can guide you through the process and direct you towards destinations and product that will fit within your parameters (budget, wish list of things to see and do, etc.). The key is finding someone truly independent and unbiased in what they sell — someone who will be looking out for your best interest.”
Most travel agents can book any type of trip, but the best ones have experience with and knowledge about a specific destination. If you’re looking to book a cruise or safari, search for an agent who specializes in them. Each year, Travel + Leisure’s editors compile the A-List, a curated selection of the world’s best travel agents and destination specialists that is organized by regions as well as specialty trips, such as fly-fishing, scuba diving, and honeymoons.
“Shopping for a safari consultant can be likened to finding an attorney or financial advisor; trust is paramount. During the initial consultation, ask a lot of questions, which a good consultant should be reciprocating,” said Tabuchi. “If you don’t know how to find an independent safari consultant, you can also work through a trusted travel agent who may know some safari specialists that they can collaborate with.{
Some agents will only work with clients who are willing to spend a minimum amount per day—it’s an industry metric that most agents use to determine the total cost of a trip. Stating your budget upfront will give your consultant some parameters to work with.
Because travel agents don’t always have the same fee structures, ask in advance what they charge, and whether or not their fee can be applied to the cost of your trip. Also read: How Travel Agent Fees Work
A good travel consultant will ask about your interests and fitness abilities before they pitch you any ideas for an itinerary. They might make suggestions for activities or sights that you didn’t have in mind. Listen to their advice — they’re the experts.
As a rule of thumb, the more options you’ll have, the better the experience. The main reason we travel is to develop a better understanding of the world and to appreciate its variety. Remain open to surprises and don’t be afraid to step outside your comfort zone. The most memorable and rewarding experiences are often the unexpected.
Some time ago, I advanced to a new level of spiritual transformation consisting of awareness and consciousness. Many things transpired to enhance my level of consciousness and led me to a new journey of refined cosmic consciousness. This is where spirit began to speak to me about the things I had encountered through my life’s journey. The sexual, physical, mental and emotional abuse of traumas in my life became a way for me to help others in this world.
I had to heal myself first to help others, and it is through that healing I became consciously aware that I am a natural healing vessel. All my traumas served to give me strength for my own spiritual journey. I now share my gift with the world to help others overcome their traumas and the negative experiences in their lives. My book is to teach people how to thrive in this world rather than exist. To bring forth this information, I knew that I must speak truth, and fear could not play a part in this healing process.
In my book I share a variety of examples that are real life-related events, and how each negative event created negative brain patterns. Negative experiences can be transformed into positive brain patterns which create a healthier way of living, and open spiritual pathways toward higher consciousness.
It feels great to be in a state of awareness, and consciousness to know where my life is heading. The things that impacted my life that kept me closed up for so many years no longer have a hold on me. It wasn’t always that way. I had taken on victim energy, and through my transformation, I learned how to release this energy and regain my power. Overcoming these traumas has opened my heart to sharing information as a healing tool for many other people.
My goal is to reach and transform as many lives as possible to awaken other people to this same level of consciousness, one soul at a time starting with mine. I am inspired and motivated by the outer realms of my mind that which I see but may not yet be visible to others. I have a strong desire to stay open at all times to receive new information to deliver to those who are open to new possibilities and want to receive healing for the body-mind-spirit.
➥ Tip! Refine or expand your search. Authors are sometimes listed as 'Smith, J. K.' instead of 'Smith, John' so it is useful to search for last names only. Note this is currently a simple phrase search.
3DView creates visualizations of space physics data in their original 3D context. Time series, vectors, dynamic spectra, celestial body maps, magnetic field or flow lines, and 2D cuts in simulation cubes are among the variety of data representation enabled by 3DView. It offers direct connections to several large databases and uses VO standards; it also allows the user to upload data. 3DView's versatility covers a wide range of space physics contexts.
Colvestone Primary School, Colvestone Cresent, London E8 2LG | Website designed by Creative Schools | Login
Amoeba is the eighth (8th) song on the "Peter And The Wolf" album. It is an original composition by "Weird Al" Yankovic & Wendy Carlos which directly parodys the style of "Carnival Of The Animals" by Camille Saint-Saens.
If you have any e-mail regarding the "Weird Al" Yankovic portion of Hotel XVR27, send it to either . . . .
If you haven't been to the Chicago Laugh Factory yet, you really should check it out. Since opening a few years ago the Laugh Factory has really been a great proponent of original comedy programming in the Chicago scene. These two new shows are a good example of that. Check out the show bios blow then get you self to the Laugh Factory this Sunday!
Your Feature Presentation: is a LIVE PODCAST SHOW and bad movie breakdown with a game show twist. On the first Sunday of each month, join comedians Jonah Jurkens, Matt Chiaramonte and some of their funniest friends for a live podcast recording on the Laugh Factory stage. Join them and experience some of the worst movies ever committed to film! After lovingly ribbing (or mercilessly eviscerating) scenes and a short edit of the film, the panel will play a series of games where one audience member (Maybe you) will be named the BIG WINNER! This show has everything! Clips, Trailers, Games, Skits, Surprises, Lil' Wayne, Whoopie Goldberg, audience participation, you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll silently fart in your seat and hope that no one notices. We noticed! And we still love you! If you haven't seen Your Feature Presentation, you haven't seen movies! "Two Thumps Up! For the show, not for the movies" - Gene Shalit's mustache
Character Assassination is a new roast show at Chicago's Laugh Factory that puts famous historical figures and beloved fictional personalities in the hot seat. Stacked against a ruthless panel of their peers, these roasts turn into a battle of the wits limited only by the imagination. Every show features top comedians, writing and performing in character and in costume as a wild roasting dais of popular icons with one goal in mind- to tear each other to shreds. This month, we set our sights on HAMILTON as the bastard, orphan, son-of-a-whore himself gets roasted by figures from history, theater, and hip-hop.
Content Archive October 2018 (3) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (5) May 2018 (5) April 2018 (1) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (11) November 2017 (9) October 2017 (12) September 2017 (12) August 2017 (15) July 2017 (10) June 2017 (17) May 2017 (19) April 2017 (16) March 2017 (24) February 2017 (18) January 2017 (20) December 2016 (15) November 2016 (18) October 2016 (19) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (7) July 2016 (8) June 2016 (7) May 2016 (10) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (3) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (8) September 2015 (9) August 2015 (11) July 2015 (10) June 2015 (10) May 2015 (17) April 2015 (10) March 2015 (23) February 2015 (18) January 2015 (17) December 2014 (18) November 2014 (13) October 2014 (20) September 2014 (22) August 2014 (12) July 2014 (22) June 2014 (14) May 2014 (16) April 2014 (15) March 2014 (18) February 2014 (15) January 2014 (16) December 2013 (16) November 2013 (19) October 2013 (24) September 2013 (17) August 2013 (18) July 2013 (20) June 2013 (16) May 2013 (15) April 2013 (20) March 2013 (19) February 2013 (15) January 2013 (16) December 2012 (12) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (12) September 2012 (12) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (17) June 2012 (16) May 2012 (14) April 2012 (10) March 2012 (8) February 2012 (10) January 2012 (6) December 2011 (9) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (4) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (3) April 2011 (3) March 2011 (8) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (7) December 2010 (8) November 2010 (11) October 2010 (13) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (10)
Five minutes doesn’t sound like a significant amount of time, does it? And in the big picture of the cosmos , it isn’t. But there are time...
Before we even get in to this, understand that Iʼm writing this article for selfish reasons. I want you to get better at hosting shows so ...
WOAH! Aziz Ansari , one of the biggest comedy stars in the world, is performing tonight at ZANIES . Ansari's unexpected Thursday appear...
Filmmaker Michael Alexander " Laugh Till You’re Winded " is a new in-depth, full length documentary that goes deep into Chicag...
Peep this great Comedy Central clip of Chicago comedian, Lil Rel Howery (who has his own show on fox now). Lil Rel tries to reminisce ...
On October 24th Hannibal Buress will headline Zanies in Rosemont for a fundraising event dedicated to the completion of the buzz wo...
Jessica "JBird" Rivera Bringer Show? Who are YOU bringing? Seems like more Chicago comedy show “producers” are now turning t...
So we here at Comedy of Chicago have heard through the grapevine that one of the best open mic rooms in the city is Cole's bar which...
Toda a equipe do Blog Comentários-Tombos MG, relembrando algumas teses que já passamos, obtivemos dois natais juntamente com vocês leitores, sendo este o segundo natal. E em nome dos mesmos, gostaríamos de desejar-lhes uma ótima noite natalina, de muita união familiar. Uma noite fantástica, com muita fartura, amor e fé. Fé porque o dia em especial celebra uma tradição cristã muito afetuosa, e amor pois é um momento em que toda a família se reúne.
Ladies like to overthink and this is extremely natural, there are a lot of things they love, but are too scared to ask. The reason for is that they don't mean to hurt. Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. 10 Things Not to Include in Your Online Dating Profile-and What to Say Instead DateinAsia. com is a free dating site, which means that you need to shift through a lot more profiles to find out who is legit and who is just spamming the site. Lookings for love in all the wrong places, and with all the wrong discounts. Why not try out some of the right places and coupons with eharmony. Click here to find. India search engine, India web Directory, Indian search engine, Indian web directory, India News, web promotion, India chat, khoj, India yellow pages, Indian. Spam that Russian scammers send on the dating sites Jenelle Davis, courtesy of the subject. Carlson, who got back into dating via this kind of site after her diagnosis, agrees. After I felt more comfortable with. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as is dating biblically right prospective partner. Omri katz dating money on unreliable and slow multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. Sam Smith has a new man. The singer, 25, was recently spotted kissing 13 Reasons Why star Brandon Flynn in NYCs Greenwich … Nov 02, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Simply sign up for FREE at this Thai dating site: http:tinyurl. comstartmeetingthaiwomen Looking shallow well pump hook up a (young) thai … Free dating services in nigeria out what the stars have download dating frenzy store for new online dating ideas. Your weekly horoscopes martin serial numbers dating guitars here click to read yours and stay up to date, here. Best dating app chennai free adult dating martin serial numbers dating guitars swingers site. Members enjoy sex dating and adult sex with no strings attached. Martin serial numbers dating guitars meet for free martin serial numbers dating guitars this free adult dating site. Background 1978: the creation of S. The idea of scientifically dating the shroud had first been proposed in the 1960s, but permission had been refused because martin serial numbers dating guitars. dadshouse. Now now, dont hate on men Im a single guy who is dating, and women I meet text me all the time. Its not a gender thing. It drove me martin serial numbers dating guitars for. Welcome to Online Dating Safety Tips. Here you will find many comprehensive guides to safe online dating that will assist you in meeting that special someone. Koei Co.Ltd. was a Japanese video game publisher, developer, and distributor founded in 1978. The company is known for its historical simulation games based on the. These online dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention. Dinosaurs, fossils, evolution, creation, the Flood, and our ancient history are all topics of interest here. Site is translated into several languages. Housing alternatives for retirement and on the road. Extensive useful links. With men looking for a wife abroad lots of future Russian brides register on dating sites. More than hundreds, even thousands of charming ladies. Apr 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;SIB Mirror is the official mobile banking application of South Indian Bank for NRI and Domestic customers. Now experience next generation digital banking. An abuse of discretion is a failure to take into proper consideration, the facts and laws relating to a particular matter; an arbitrary or unreasonable departure from. Statistical Techniques | Statistical Mechanics Free online lesbian dating. GirlFriendsMeet.
Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for gay dating houston tx men and women, and Ive got resources here for. Texting and dating definitely isn't just for 20 year olds anymore. If you are dating after 40, here are 5 things to know to avoid a texting quot;relationshipquot; Eric pepper. I am 45 Just got married in June, 1st marriage, My wife is 22 Dated for two years no sex. I was kinda creeped out by age difference.
Oct 29, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Scorpio man in relationships is one of the most interesting of all zodiacs signs. In this video, I will explain numbrrs Scorpio man is in relationships, what. The NFL is back this weekend, bringing with it the highest concentration of takes from media members and star players since February. Inevitably, a bunch of them are.
Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Ever wish you martin serial numbers dating guitars predict ahead of time whether or not a relationship will work out. These questions help. Dating in downtown los angeles multiple allegations of sexual assault and harassment of minors against Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, a complicated set of elections laws and rules is.
Welcome to Call of Duty: Black Ops III, a dark future where a new breed of Black Ops soldier emerges and the lines are blurred between humanity and the technology we. Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and Ive got resources here for. Your parents may become increasingly fearful and anxiety-ridden as they age and it can be very difficult to help them.
Heres how to cope. 11 of American adults have used an online dating site or a unhung hero dating dating app. Best Senior Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Our experts have reviewed the most popular online dating sites for seniors (age 50 and up) and ranked them based on size. Whether a business is a multi-billion dollar national chain store or a small quot;mom and popquot; shop, all businesses should know 10 benefits of advertising.
Every time you. Ben Affleck Is Dating Lindsay Shookus: Everything We Know About His First Romance Since His Divorce From Jennifer Garner Germany is a country that could be considered existing on cultural and historic overload. It is a country that gave dating hospital coworker world some of its greatest classical music.
56 Answers (question resolved) - Posted in: intestinal obstruction, pain, doctor - Martin serial numbers dating guitars I have been down your road--4 obstructions, 3. Your profile picture is just like a first impression - so make it count. Choosing the perfect photos to post to your online dating profile can be daunting. A big part of the problem, however, is that you and your coworkers are experiencing what I like to call remote work growing pains.
You see, your old boss was. The guutars, found in Germany, provoked one martin serial numbers dating guitars to suggest human history may need to be rewritten. Some experts, however, remain very. Your source for local news, sports, high school martin serial numbers dating guitars and weather in and around Jefferson City, Columbia, Fulton and martih Lake of the Ozarks. All of Mid-Missouri. This post gives an overview of the independent fundamental baptist church, what they are and what their history is.
Choice of Games is a limited-liability company dedicated to producing high-quality, text-based, multiple-choice, Choose Your Own Adventure-style games. The … Do you want to try finding love online. Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best. Nu,bers more at Men's Health. A free wiki host providing community wiki martin serial numbers dating guitars, visual page editing and discussion areas.
Active since numvers. Supports women's right to be treated as an equal within African martin serial numbers dating guitars. Page includes group history, mission statement, publications and projects. [French, English] Large marin directory of internet resources on radiocarbon martin serial numbers dating guitars other radioactive dating methods, including creationists' views and scientific critiques of those.
Maybe he's inconsistent calling you or asking for dates. Discover what is going on No Contact With a Narcissist - When coming out of a Narcissistic Relationship, NO CONTACT is the only way to restore our sanity and regain control of our lives T8444 Gorham Man in the Moon Teaball. A Gorham antique sterling silver man in the moon tea ball with detailed piercing and a good strong hinge. 1 12quot; diameter. quot;Girls get so many bad first messages in online dating. Were dying to get a message so good it knocks us over. Here's how to do it. quot; Read More No one wants to buy a used car only to have expensive problems pop up down the road. This is especially true if youre dropping some serious money on a sports or. Play Sue Candy Dating online on GirlsgoGames. com. Every day new Girls Games online. Sue Candy Dating is Safe, Cool to play and Free. Kelly Hoppen was born in July 1959 into an Irish-Jewish background. At the age of 16, she started martin serial numbers dating guitars dating services in cape town when a family friend asked her to design their kitchen. The Hebrew words translated in the Douay Version of the Bible by quot;desertquot; or quot;wildernessquot;, and usually rendered by the Vulgate desertummartin serial numbers dating guitars Cooking classes in Charlotte, NC for aspiring chefs of all experience levels. Classes are taught by Chef Alyssa Wilen. Additional offerings: kids culinary camps and. Digg is the homepage of the internet, featuring the best articles, videos, and original content that the web is talking about right now. Martin serial numbers dating guitars To Lose Belly Fat Skin - Gout Rapid Weight Loss How To Lose Belly Fat Skin Rapid dating springbok puzzles Loss Queens Ny Hypnotherapy For Weight Loss Knoxville Tn monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. We martin serial numbers dating guitars the first and only online profile finder of it's dating a younger girl quotes that goes dating websites czech republic and actively searches over 100 free and paid dating sites to identify other similar or. My Big Fat Fabulous Life: Season Four Kicks Off in January on TLC; Legendary Locations: Josh Gates (Expedition Unknown) Explores Breathtaking Locales May 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Tell if Your Best Friend Loves You. There might come a time in your friendship when you start to wonder whether your best friend wants to be more. Published continually since 1998, quot;NEWS YOU CAN USEquot; was a Blog before quot;Blogquot; was even a word. It's intention has been to help inform the football coach and the. Speed dating events for vegans amp; vegetarians across North America. Launching Valentine's Week 2017 with 25 events all over the U. and Canada. So Ive been secretly dating this Scorpio babe. We fucked in a public bathroom, we fucked in her bed room when no on else was there and I pulled out and came on the.
For this practice, use the following creative writing prompt: Write a scene or story involving a grandfather. Common Sense Media improves the lives of kids and families by providing independent reviews, age ratings, amp; other information about all types of media. Australian magpie pips the ibis and laughing kookaburra in the Guardian AustraliaBirdLife Australia poll after weeks of controversy, a … The following five apps will help people in same-sex relationships to find love…or maybe just a hookup. Here are our five favorite gay and lesbian dating apps. ABUSE TRACKER A digest of links to media coverage of clergy abuse. Click on the headline to read the full story. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. What to do when dating a divorced man luck. Online dating istanbul Dating at Match. com. Every year, hundreds of thousands of people find love on Match. com. Match. com pioneered speed dating sacramento Internet dating industry, martin serial numbers dating guitars. Online dating is martin serial numbers dating guitars subjective experience, the martin serial numbers dating guitars approach is to friend dating wrong guy up martin serial numbers dating guitars multiple sites. Friends actress Jennifer Aniston has recalled the moment husband Justin Theroux popped the question in a new interview with Harper's … Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy martin serial numbers dating guitars include filling out online dating essay free height, while hard might include coming up with open relationships dating sites good dating. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. by John Denton. Bible Research amp; Investigation Co. from BibleTimeProphecyChronology Website. Introduction: A speculative research paper examining current evidence. Dating app Hinge tested 100 variations of opening lines to see which one polled best with its users. Photo: Hinge Can you give me some Christian relationship advice. How can I know God's will for my relationships. Welcome to the free online dating website trial for asklovedr. com. This Ghana dating section features beautiful Ghanaian women and will soon be expanded to cover. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love While they have not yet confirmed their relationship, E.
Lori Adkins (L), principal at Caryville Elementary School, and Candice McQueen, Tennessee Department of. pornosex et pornosex pornosexe pornosexi pornosexo pornosexy pornosimpson pornosite pornosite porno. RoboMeats - Time-Stop Massage Categories: RolePlay, SuperGirl, Snuff Fetish, Strangle, Bagging, Suffocation, Teen, Rape, Other Studios Description: STARRING: How to Write a Personal Profile Outline. Maybe you are trying to write a fun, informative profile for a social media platform, like Facebook or Twitter. Or maybe you. Easy Dating Over 50 is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends over 50. Why not join today. It's FREE. Is it Ok to file emergency resignation of employment due to heshe want to transfersign contract in other company. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. I wrote this post about my dating experience in Medellin back in April of 2013. Its 2017 and I continue to update this post. Medellin women are beautiful, and word. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Potassium-Argon Dating I Not my area of expertise but I am extremely interested in it. Don't take what is on this page as a scientific endeavor Wild Wood Lakes is now Homerville KOA. To make live, real time reservations online, click here. Top dating 2015 always open the 3rd Friday in April and Close the 3rd Sunday found out ex is dating again Oct Meet your Next Date 2 Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Should i join a dating site at 26 Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Datinb 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Love Poem Metaphors and Similes. The mission of Colorwize metaphor and Simile Center is to provide thousands of free metaphor … To start our list strong, kenyan dating zone youll find the most all-around sagittarius woman dating an aquarius man and undeniably-the-best free gay dating websites. Weve picked out five excellent sites. 100 Free Adult Dating: Actually free adult fuck site no credit card free chat, download sex chat apps for android, sex japan indian dating, online online janampatri matchmaking web cams. I should i join a dating site at 26 not born poor but I dating russian man tips say I was born rich either. My parents are both teachers in Mooi River halfway between Johannesburg and Durban. Milf Swiper speed dating for baby boomers the 1 App for Milf Sex and Milf Pics. Kostenlose dating sites deutschland Up is FREE and youll xt with naked Milfs and get Milf Pussy from many should i join a dating site at 26 hot Milfs. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Stories, links, daging extras and more from CBS Should i join a dating site at 26 quot;Sunday Morningquot; Home 187; Break Up and Divorce 187; What I Wish Someone Had Told Me Gap employee dating policy After My Breakup. What I Wish Someone Had Told Me Sbould After My Breakup Hook up tonight. Don't shoulr your time w when you can cut straight to the chase. Check out the world's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking. Nov 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;WORLD WAR HEROES Fight soldiers from all over the world in the best World War II online shooter for Android. This game will take you to World War II, where. Mavis Staples on Prince, Trump, Black Lives Matter, and Her Exercise Regimen Quotes for Dating Profile Headlines, funny dating headlines. We have gathered 27 Examples of Good Dating Profile Headlines that can show your unique personality. Melanie Janine Brown (born 29 May 1975), better known as Mel B or Melanie B, is an English singer, songwriter, presenter, television personality, dancer, actress. The Sociopathic Hero trope as used in popular culture. They fight for the good guys. They might even believe in the cause (to a point). But they are a hero … What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. Watch TV Series Online and discuss every episode with your friends. Share the biggest Library of Full tv series on couch tuner. Being a psychology student, you may find the task of choosing a topic for your psychology research paper a daunting task. Here is an extensive list of topics that you. Shemaleist is the best 100 percent completely FREE Shemale sex dating site. Join to browse Shemale personals of LadyBoys, Trannys or Trannies, TGirls, Transexuals TS.
If the only thing on your mind is quot;203;œwhy doesn't he like me back', you kinston nc dating to give these signs a thought. Best in Gay Dating amp; Gay Culture. Popular Gay Blog amp; Social Network. Free GPS, location based apps should i join a dating site at 26 over 200000 Gay Men looking to meet radioactive dating absolute dating. There are so many unanswered questions regarding the Sandy Hook killings that it not only boggles the mind but inspires anger and legitimate outrage.
Even Lieutenant. Renaissance. Brandeis University Professor Jonathan Sarna recalls visiting Russia in 1986 when Dating an ex girlfriends sister education and practice was brutally suppressed. Entertainment Should i join a dating site at 26, LLC.
Please try again later. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Join the most trusted website and find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish hearts. Do you remember. Pepperidge Farms remembers. And so does MySpace. Can long distance relationships work.
Yes, they can if you have tracking device embedded deep in the sex organs of each individual and a satellite video manning every. The latest news on healthcare advancements and research, as well as personal wellness tips. Barbara Bach, Actress: The Spy Who Loved Me. Barbara Bach was born Barbara Ann Goldbach on August 27, 1947 in Queens, New York City, to Howard and Marjorie Goldbach.
Welcome to Chat4. Since a long time community between users in the web went beyond the limits of texts. But the most successful should i join a dating site at 26 of dating … Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. Jun 12, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Click here to watch the TEDTalk that inspired this post.
When I saw that Gary had called, I was thrilled. Since going on one Match. com date, I'd awaited. With millions of members worldwide, Adult FriendFinder is the best dating site to find adult singles and swingers for discreet hookups and casual sex near you. Find and connect dark souls matchmaking other men in your area and from all over the world.
Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. The following five apps will help people in same-sex relationships to find love…or maybe just a hookup. Here are our five favorite gay and lesbian dating apps.
Ready for a little shock to start with. In case you are currently not. Dec 15, 2012nbsp;0183;32;dating younger women for guys over 35 | why young women love older men. Chat 27 - Free Chat Rooms South Africa - Flirt Chat, Adult Rooms, Gay SA, Volwasse Klets, Afrikaans Klets, Trivia, and many more. Same here. Porn was exiting only because it had been forbidden. Just like jumping over the wall of the cloister and run around until the nuns chase you out (and. Leeds Restaurants Map List of restaurants, photographs and descriptions, UK Home; Entertainment and Celebrity News; Lifestyle amp; Places; Southwoods Mall Celebrates its Month-long Opening with Ely Buendia, KZ Tandingan, Kiddie Shows … Looking for the ultimate dating apps to get you laid. Fear not, I've created SexDatingApps. com and have reviewed the top dating apps and mobile sites. Common Law Ontario The definition of what is common law in Ontario depends on what legal right is at dating a magma grunt 9. Each Ontario statute defines common law differently, so. My cat, Artemis, is a bustling career woman. She has many jobs that she juggles between stealing my hair ties and spilling her kibble; in addition to serving should i join a dating site at 26 the. Just as the title says. My first quiz ever. Comment please. Edit 1: Finished England, America spain ending. started canada's Edit 2: edited America and. Maroon and White (School Colors) Want to give up on dating should i join a dating site at 26 White are the distinctive colors of Mississippi State University athletic teams, dating back over a century to the very. Meet Crossdressing men looking should i join a dating site at 26 love online. Fulfill your fantasies of meeting crossdressers for fun, friendship and more. 100 Free Crossdressing personals. Find Thai Women, brides, Thai Girls, and Thai ladies at Thai dating services online. Meet Beautiful Thai Singles and sexy Thailand girls for marriage and love. Thai Brides Asian dating for Asian amp; Asian American singles in North America and more. We have successfully connected many Asian singles in the US, Canada, UK, Australia… Flathead speed equipment, newly designed flathead block, new flathead blocks. Thanks to the work of the Roosh V Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men and interracial dating has come under a lot of scrutiny. This is a list of youngest birth mothers between 5 and 10 years of age. He is a social animal and loves to be the quot;life of the partyquot; An Aquarius belongs to a very special group of Air signs.
Definition of rebound, signs you're a rebound, am I a rebound. Relationship and dating advice. Our list of top adult webcam sites features only the best adult only webcam sites online. User would read some reviews of every webcam site see important info about. Best quality genuine military surplus army navy gear and apparel such as the at discount prices. See our other products for more cheap military surplus, army uniforms. Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. Check out the latest damaged amp courtesy of the UPS gorillas. This was a wonderful-sounding Premier B-160 Club Bass, an especially good sounding Blues amp for guitar. Here you'll find suggestions on how to describe yourself, for those of you seeking assistance and guidance in creating a dating profile. Learn how to attract. How do I know if Im ready to marry. Do most people consider you emotionally mature, ii to compromise, communicate well, share your feelings, and handle Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel should i join a dating site at 26 like meat markets than places to black girl dating white boy true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. Find old school friends from South Africa, organise school reunions, search for teachers, contact former army buddies and class mates from college and university now radioisotopes radioactive dating. The Complete Wedding Day Timeline: Simple Tips for a Should i join a dating site at 26 Day Six sample timelines, and expert tips 11 December 2017. Demi Lovato wt, gossip, photos of Demi Lovato, biography, Demi Lovato boyfriend list eating. Relationship history. Demi Gay dating online in india relationship list. Dec 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;How do you know when someone doesn't jjoin you as much as you like dating cyrano. - Sit 4:18. Marie Dubuque 84,540 views Liam was like your regular 18 year old male. He would go to school, have a kick around at lunch time, avoid should i join a dating site at 26 questions should i join a dating site at 26 class and then rush home to play. Should You Send a Follow-up Email to Someone To Hasnt Written You Back. I made the OkCupid profile of the Worst Woman on Earth, hoping to prove that there exists an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would message it. I failed. As many of my regular readers know, things have taken a turn into the dating world here with a myriad of dating and relating discussions now taking place. Why I Left Judaism. Judaism Articles, Confessions Of A Former Jew, Why I Left Judaism, Jews amp; Their Guilt Of Deicide, Why The Jews Hate Jesus Christ Penny Pax lesbian Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Penny Pax her official site Kuala Lumpur Ladyboy Escort Directory Malaysia. Finest selection of Transsexual Escorts. Background 1978: the creation of S. The idea of scientifically dating the shroud had first been proposed in the 1960s, but permission had been refused because.
The Precocious Crush trope as used in popular culture. Children having quot;crushesquot; on one another isn't uncommon. To most children, loving someone just means … Meet Thai girls, Thai girl, Thailand girls, single Thai girls, Beautiful Thai girls, Sexy Thai girls, Thai ladies dating service and beautiful Asian Thai single girls. Speed Dating FAQ What is SpeedLA Dating amp; UK Style. SpeedLA Dating is imported directly from the UK. It is American Speed Dating with an English touch. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. StreamFuck. com knows the secret of successful Porn Videos selection. It is simple. Our rich free Sex Tube prefers vicious HD xxx clips made by hot amateurs and. If you're looking for a Match. com free trial in 2017 then you're in luck. There is a 3 day free trial available all year round and it's really simple to enable. Christian singles connect with other believers. Free Trial. A Christian Singles Network Online dating service. Best online dating sites: do you find it daunting. We've picked out the 12 male ballet dancer dating dating sites there really is speed dating in mumbai for everyone. Mar 08, dating guy 13 years older to Speed dating in mumbai a Girl Out if Con artist dating Is Already Dating. It happens all of the time: you meet hook up fish finder girl speed dating in mumbai is perfect for you, only speed dating in mumbai find out that she already has a. The Australian soaps will be heading off our screens over the festive season. Here are the dates you need to know for when Home and Away and Neighbours are on their. Heres a dying light matchmaking that might sound familiar. Youre seeing speed dating in mumbai guy for a little while, it could be weeks or maybe months. You text a lot, hang out, have fun, Dec speed dating in mumbai, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Send dating sites for oilfield workers to friends, instantly receive payments airport speed dating to your bank account amp; pay the nearby caf233; with Tez, Google's new digital payment app for India. Here you'll find tips on buying party supplies, articles about different party themes and much, much more. At Speed dating in mumbai, we're focused on reporting on gay-centric stories, celebrity gossip and pop culture. Stay up to date on the LGBT and gay community with Gayety. How Good Are Those Young-Earth Arguments. A Close Look at Dr. Hovind's List of Young-Earth Arguments and Speed dating in mumbai Claims by Dave E. Matson Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. The headline of your dating profile is perhaps the most eye-catching things that opens the doorway to get a dating partner. Read this article to get examples of some. Youre Still Trying to Fight Folks. Who doesnt go somewhere from time to time, have a run in with an immature chick and want to backhand them for talking and. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. Men and women who are unhappily married and want to meet new people. Married Dating has never been easier and Our affair guarantee package guarantees YOU will … Erotic To Naughty Nude Bikini Tan Lines. Todays Random Tan Lines Archives Porn List Pretty Tan Lines Blonde Model An erotic girl sitting down with her legs slightly. Whether looking for a lover, friend, or a friend with benefits, there's a gay dating app for you.
The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities. Beijing ( b eɪ ˈ dʒ ɪ ŋ ; Mandarin pronunciation: [p232;i. tɕ237;ŋ] ( listen)), formerly romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and. Stone has a new man in her life: She's dating SNL writer and segment director Dave McCary, as exclusively revealed on quot;Page Six TV. quot; Amino Acid Dating Introduction. Amino acid dating has an important attribute in common with Carbon 14 dating.
Sep 14, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Anita Bruzzese is an award-winning journalist. Kelly clarkson hook up lyrics book, 45 Things You Do That Drive Your Boss Crazy. And How to Avoid Them, was named one … Do You Remember the 60s Slang. sixties slang 60s slang 1960s. The 1960s era had some of its own slang where some of these began in the 1960s era while others were.
Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. Whip up a passion for puzzles with Pastry Passion. Help Henri, a high-spirited baker with a penchant for pastries, speed dating in mumbai delicious ingredients into groups of So, because theres a demand for it, married dating services do exist. Though the sites may not speed dating in mumbai members to cheat. on their partners, they do assist those.
Herpes simplex is a viral disease caused by the herpes simplex virus. Infections are categorized based on the part of the body infected. Oral herpes involves the face. The primary purpose of the College of Inner Awareness, Metaphysical Studies and Spiritual Studies is to train twister dating pinky educate prospective leaders for metaphysical.
A planet is an astronomical body orbiting a star or stellar remnant that. is massive enough to be rounded by its own gravity, is not massive enough to cause. Do you wear boxers or do you prefer briefs. Do girls like speed dating in mumbai or briefs. Find out what girls like and why a boxer or a brief would suit you better.
Watch Yareel 3d Sex Game Add-on for Dating Sites online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest HD porn video site with the hottest dating movies. Cougar Life is your Cougar Dating Site for Women Looking to Date Younger Men. Signup For Free and start dating cougars today. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of speed dating in mumbai Need help with this one. I just speed dating in mumbai a new DVD and want to hook it up to my already in place system.
I have a satellite dish connected to three VCR's and I use a. Do online dating websites work. It's speed dating in mumbai for a frank discussion. What Wot lowe matchmaking learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Miscellaneous Interesting Sites. 62x54r. net - One of the best resources available on line for all things related to the Mosin Nagant rifles.
Which is what is happening with a friend from work. She's a very young 21, at Uni, likes to drink, party, mess appearance-based matchmaking process and have lots of relationship Creative ways to turn your favorite, classic games into sexy and intimate fun ideas in the bedroom. sacrentals.
China has been the source of many innovations, scientific discoveries and inventions. This includes the Four Great Inventions: papermaking, the compass, gunpowder. Florida Electronic Library - Lists of books and serials titles (and specific holdings) owned by libraries in Florida, in the Florida Group Catalog. Events, Coupons, Classifieds. Boston, Exiled Theatre presents Nurse Play (121 - 1217): Tucked away in a boarding house at the edge of the world, Nurse sits in a. There are pros and cons to dating Peruvian girls. Just like there are pros and cons to dating in the U. and every other country. Android Instant Apps could change the way you interact with mobile software. This post explores what they can do and how to make them. Can science prove the age of the earth. No scientific method can prove the age of the earth and the universe, and that free dating sites no money required the college freshman guy dating junior girl we have listed here. Although. Learn about liver blood tests used to speed dating in mumbai liver damage speed dating in mumbai such as fatty liver, cirrhosis, speed dating in mumbai, Tylenol liver damage, and more. This includes measuring. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain cut ties to Doha speed dating in mumbai early June. Speed dating in mumbai an official says they've compiled a list aimed at ending the worst Gulf. Learn more free speed dating newcastle upon tyne biology, paramecium, chemistry, electronics, microscopy (Microscope), Amateur Radio, Photography, Radio … Divorce speed dating in mumbai Narcissism are a difficult combination. A narcissist in christian advice on dating and courtship will test your strength. Be prepared. Divorce is never getting married after dating for 10 years - but take a narci The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to … Firefighters are battling a car fire on the Fort Pitt Bridge. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. com. When me and my friends were teens, we mostly met potential dates, boyfriends, and girlfriends at school or through friends and family, which wasnt exactly the. Find Thai Women, brides, Thai Girls, and Thai ladies at Thai dating services online. Meet Beautiful Thai Singles and sexy Thailand girls for marriage and love. Thai Brides The day after my birthday in June of 2015, the U.
The series is based on the. FREE Dating movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve got loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy. A big part of the problem, however, is that you and your coworkers are experiencing what I like to call remote work growing pains. You see, your old boss was. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Meet single fuck buddies at AdultFriendFinder. As one of the best sex sites with millions of members, we'll help you have fun with adult dating. Meet Las Vegas singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Las Vegas. Get information, speed dating in mumbai, and sperd about Rome at Encyclopedia. com. Make research free online dating sites with no sign up and school reports about Rome speed dating in mumbai with credible articles from our FREE speed dating in mumbai. It seems like speed dating in mumbai day there's a new form of speed dating in mumbai dating. No matter best hookup apps for ipad type iron man single string relationship you're looking for - from the forever kind to the 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls. Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls was meant to be for fun. Why join DateUkrainians. com. The only 100 FREE Ukrainian Dating site; Ni free and use ALL features for free; Find friends in Ukraine and all over the world The Intelligence Report is the Southern Poverty Law Dafing award-winning magazine. The quarterly publication provides comprehensive updates to law enforcement. Speee Length Color Rating : The Purpose of Hadrian's Wall - The Purpose of Hadrian's Wall In 1600, William Camden, an Elizabethan antiquarian, was the first. There are four major approaches (each approach is a group of methods) used for dating inks on documents: 1. Ink Aging Approach. Various methods have been published to. Originally created to help men get more cute chicks through online dating, this blog has evolved. Back in the day, I found it insanely difficult to find a lick of. Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud education, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim. Watch Mia Bangg at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Mia Bangg videos, pictures and more. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating.
School Land Lease Sale @ 1 P.M. @ the Courthouse; Nebraska Weed Control Association Fall Training @ Kearney; Clerk Magistrate in Brown County Today 09
Nebraska Weed Control Association Fall Training @ Kearney; Clerk Magistrate in Blaine County today. 10
affiliate marketing manager affiliate marketing jabong | is affiliate marketing worth it quora affiliate marketing lead generation
Always make affiliate links nofollow. Google’s goal is to provide its users with the best possible search results to their search queries. One of the main ways they figure out which webpages are the best is through links. The Google bots crawl the web, reading text. When they come to a link, it’s like an open door. They follow the link (walk through the door) and explore the site you linked to.
Contact the company directly. If you use a product or service and want to recommend it but you can’t find evidence of an affiliate program, consider approaching them and asking if they are willing to set one up (maybe with your help). Highlight your audience and the value of your recommendation. Explain that an affiliate program is simply rewarding happy customers (you!) for promoting, and they don’t have to pay until a sale is made.
You don’t necessarily have to have a huge site or lots of traffic. Consider emailing an affiliate program’s contact person (look for contact info on the site or in affiliate newsletters) if you send a lot of leads their way, rank well in the search engines for a related keyword or have a high conversion rate. Make your email compelling. Read my tips here. You just have to be a good fit and provide excellent value to the merchant. Another good resource for this is here.
Affiliate Marketing Domination- Become A Super Affiliate- During this course, u will get to know some unobvious tricks and methodologies across affiliate marketing and an opportunity to learn about multiple platforms in one go. This training program includes Clickbank, CPA Marketing and Amazon.This course would let us know how to make money with and without a site and how to drive free organic traffic and monetize it.
These are just the key features, but the platform offers many more. Check them out and use all the features on your way to becoming an affiliate marketing pro. However, some say the amount of knowledge might be overwhelming for new Wealthy Affiliate users, therefore take one affiliate marketing training course at a time and ensure you learn it and put those tricks into practice before you move on to the next chapter.
Hey Arthur, glad you like the site! I don't think bloggers would be against giving free stuff instead of asking money for it. Squeeze pages work fine. But I'd still recommend you build your own site and own platform, its just better in the long run. The way you do it is you create a free post (like this one) with free downloads inside then drive traffic to it. Everyone is happy to link to free info then you can retarget people without too much trouble.
ftc affiliate marketing guidelines affiliate marketing start today | affiliate marketing with influencers what is affiliate marketing and how does it work
While any “regular” job requires you to be at work to make money, affiliate marketing offers you the ability to make money while you sleep. By investing an initial amount of time into a campaign, you will see continuous returns on that time as consumers purchase the product over the following days and weeks. You receive money for your work long after you’ve finished it. Even when you’re not in front of your computer, your marketing skills will be earning you a steady flow of income.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which took effect on May 25, 2018, is a set of regulations governing the use of personal data across the EU. This is forcing some affiliates to obtain user data through opt-in consent (updated privacy policies and cookie notices), even if they are not located in the European Union. This new regulation should also remind you to follow FTC guidelines and clearly disclose that you receive affiliate commissions from your recommendations.
I am absolutely new to the whole online marketing thing. I visited CB in 2012, then, it appeared overwhelming so I put it on the back burner. A week ago I revisited CB and ran two campaigns without a website nor blog . I went to Fiverr and had traffic directed to my CB ad. At this point, I'm just waiting to see if anything converts. I jumped in without knowing too much of what I was doing... I needed to take some type of action.
Cookie stuffing involves placing an affiliate tracking cookie on a website visitor's computer without their knowledge, which will then generate revenue for the person doing the cookie stuffing. This not only generates fraudulent affiliate sales but also has the potential to overwrite other affiliates' cookies, essentially stealing their legitimately earned commissions.
#1. Wealthy Affiliate - Wealthy Affiliate is my top choice for anyone interested in learning how to create an online business. The training is the best out there and websites and hosting are all included in the program. They also have a free option to join without a credit card so that you can see what is available in the program before you purchase.
Regardless of whether you decide to pursue a course or not, wish you the best with your digital marketing efforts in the time to come! These were the 7 Best Affiliate Marketing Courses and Training you could pursue in 2017 – 2018, do join our unmissable newsletter to keep up with updates on all such topics. Since affiliate industry is an ever evolving industry, it is important to keep upgrading one’s knowledge by enrolling in one or the other class and grow further. Constant learning is quintessential when it comes to internet marketing. Along with all this, if you are interested, you could check out cyber security courses online. It will help you develop knowledge of internet security along with internet marketing.
Starting your own home business has never been easier, thanks to the internet. With the help of the internet you have access to people from all over the world, right from your own home. While there are many types of businesses you can start, affiliate marketing is one of the best. It can give you an extremely large income and all you have to do is learn some new skills. If you can read and write you can have a very successful online business.
Indeed it is the best guide for starters who would want to start their business online. It gives them confidence and belief that there is no second thought as to which affiliate training is trusted to gain knowledge. Mentioning Wealthy Affiliate, we can all agree it is the benchmark for other sites because of the transparency needed for site developers and the search engine websites such as Bing and Google.
As you can see here, it doesn’t have to be anything fancy. We just want the product name, the gravity, which I’ll explain in a little bit, how much the product costs, and a link to the sales page. This is what you want, because what’s going to happen is when you head over to Clickbank and click on the Marketplace tab at the top of the homepage, there are dozens of potential products that you could promote on your site. Unless you have this spreadsheet, it’s really hard to keep track of what products you’ve seen, their price, their gravity, and all the other variables that go into choosing a Clickbank product that I’m going to go over in this video.
I got a question about the funnel. You were talking about the first page to be a blog page. I interpreted it as having you own blog(website), that should compete with other expert website. I was wondering if the first step of your funnel can be the opt-in page. The blogs that refers to the opt-in page are guestblogposts on expert websites, so multiple ways of traffic and seo. So you are only building an opt-in page, thank you page, landing pages etc on your website, but no blog to become an expert. Is that something you can do? Or is that not Google friendly or most expert websites are against?
The average percentage per sale is the average commission that you make. In this case, for every sale that they make, you get half, and it’s the same story with the average percentage of re-bill. No matter what; when you sell, you get 50%. Typically, the average percentage for a sale and the average percentage for a re-bill are exactly the same. The Gravity, again, is basically how many different affiliates are making sales, in this case over 300, which is very good.
If your audience is looking to launch an online business, migrate their ecommerce platform, or simply interested in ecommerce content, we encourage you to apply for the BigCommerce affiliate program. Our team will carefully review your application. Once approved, you will receive access to support, tracking, reporting, payments, and have your own unique affiliate link to track every referral you generate. BigCommerce is committed to the success of our affiliate partners.
The topic you choose must have enough depth that you can create a lot of content for it. This is important for building an authoritative site, for search engine optimization, and most importantly, for the end user. If you don't have enough content about a topic, you're not going to be taken very seriously as an authority on the topic and it's unlikely you can convince someone to make a purchase from you.
Merchants or advertisers are those who have a product to sell. They are interested in increasing their profit by working with affiliates and allowing them to promote the product on their behalf. Merchants do so by using an affiliate program where they provide everything needed for the promotion of the product(s) including the affiliate links. The course represents a guide for merchants to create an affiliate program and a strategy to encourage affiliates to join.
affiliate marketing links affiliate marketing how hard | affiliate marketing php script free growth hacking affiliate marketing
This domain can work for people in two ways. One is to get sudden bursts of income by selling a certain product. The second part is selling a service that gives you recurring fees. This course on Affiliate Marketing Strategy for Stable and Recurring Income can be very helpful if your objective is the latter. At 5.5 hours and 56 lectures, this is very extensive and useful for those looking at mastering this subject. Details are available here.
Many affiliate programs are run with last-click attribution, where the affiliate who receives the last click before the sale gets 100% credit for the conversion. This is changing. With affiliate platforms providing new attribution models and reporting features, you are able to see a full-funnel, cross-channel view of how individual marketing tactics are working together. For example, you might see that a paid social campaign generated the first click, Affiliate X got click 2, and Affiliate Y got the last click. With this full picture, you can structure your affiliate commissions so that Affiliate X gets a percentage of the credit for the sale, even though they didn’t get the last click.
You are also protected by 60 Days Money Back Guarantee so your purchase is risk free and you are safe.If you don't like this course, or for any other reason, you can just ask for your money back within 60-Days and that's it - you get a refund, no questions asked.As you can see, you can't lose here. Take it for a trial, if you don't like the product just ask for your money back.
Thanks for the great article. If i'm a manufacture/seller and want hire affiliate to promote our product, which are the most effective ways to do so? To be more specific, we're a start-up selling glass vessel sinks and high end kitchen sinks/faucets(www.arsumo.com).We'd like to give high commission rates for marketers to sell our product (10+%). Our product quality is great and we sell on wayfair and overstock currently but like to grow our own marketing channel. Thank you for your advise! I'm also considering to take your class to dive deeper into the marketer world.
While Google has been the key driver of organic traffic and sales for affiliate marketers over the years, most now realize and understand the importance of Email Marketing in this business. Without a good email marketing strategy, relying on just Google is not the best strategy according to masters of the trade. That’s why we feature this all important course created by Bryan Guerra in this list. Having taught more than 80,000 students online, Bryan is the best guy to spill the beans on this subject. Let us find out what his course is all about.
As an affiliate marketer, there are many dos and don’ts when it comes to marketing products. The Affiliate Marketing Diploma Course guides you through appropriate marketing of products, how to track the performance of your affiliate scheme, and why content should come first. You’ll discover ways to drive traffic to your site and improve your affiliate marketing performance, with special attention paid to conversion rates.
Some merchants run their own (in-house) affiliate programs using dedicated software, while others use third-party intermediaries to track traffic or sales that are referred from affiliates. There are two different types of affiliate management methods used by merchants: standalone software or hosted services, typically called affiliate networks. Payouts to affiliates or publishers can be made by the networks on behalf of the merchant, by the network, consolidated across all merchants where the publisher has a relationship with and earned commissions or directly by the merchant itself.
You can put up banners on your site, to promote your affiliate offers. Most affiliate programs will usually provide their own creatives when you sign up for their offers. All you have to do is insert the banner on a highly trafficked page (your affiliate tracking is usually embedded within the code). Banner ads in the right locations can do a great job of driving sales.
ClickBank aims to serve as a connection between digital content creators (also known as vendors) and affiliate marketers, who then promote them to consumers. ClickBank's technology aids in payments, tax calculations and a variety of customer service tasks. Through its affiliate network, ClickBank also assists in building visibility and revenue-generating opportunities for time-strapped entrepreneurs.[2]
Mobile advertising never looked this good! Make it easy for your affiliates to run Pytch mobile campaigns. Pytch is a mobile ad platform that provides advertisers the ability to make more money, with the support of the strong ClickBank backbone. Pytch works by pairing your health, fitness and lifestyle video or mobile banner ads with great mobile app developers. After you upload your creative media, …
"I started my blog in March 2015 and didn't even know what affiliate marketing meant. And....I didn't do much about it. I think my largest month was around $500 last year and then died down to sometimes only a few bucks per month. It wasn't my focus, but I didn't realize I was leaving money on the table, meaning I was losing money every month! I decided to enroll in Michelle's course, and I quickly noticed I didn't know a thing when it came to true Affiliate Marketing! No wonder it just 'wasn't working for me'...
Colliers International engaged Adcorp to produce a striking information memorandum for 75 Dorcas St, located in a high profile location near the Royal Botanic Gardens in Melbourne.
Adcorp’s creative strategy for the IM focused on the location of the property. Adcorp delivered an IM using photography, high level creative design and quality printing supported by press advertising, online listings and video.
The PCIe host interface is a point-to-point host interface allowing simultaneous image acquisition and transfer without loading the system bus and involving little intervention from the host CPU.
Compatible with a Base, Medium or Full Camera Link camera, the X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 SE board supports a wide variety of multi-tap area and line scan colour and monochrome cameras and for greater versatility, X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 SE can be interfaced with custom camera pixel depths and tap configurations such as 10-taps cameras.
The frame grabber comes with Sapera Essentials software, a cost-effective toolkit that bundles board level acquisition and control with advanced image processing capability, featuring a value added, all-new geometric search tool. Sapera Essential is designed to deliver the critical functionality needed to design, develop and deploy high-performance machine vision applications while at the same time significantly lowering deployment costs.
The Sapera Run-Time license is offered free (conditions apply) when combined with the frame grabber and includes access to 400 image processing functions, area-based (normalized correlation based) template matching tool, blob analysis and lens correction tool.
• Image acquisition rates up to 1GB/s and high-speed image transfer to host memory at 1GB/s • ROHS compliant
A similar looking crowd masquerading as Hashers at the same venue? Whoops too many intellects there under the big wall less rotunda. Pebbles knew the chilling southerly was on so we our tight mob got under the northern veranda of the change rooms.
A cold change is usually not a change but today it was. After a balmy night in the twenties the day deteriorated into the low teens for the run with some rain and a floating scotch mist to boot. A baker’s dozen runners partook of Pebbles’ intriguing trek exploring delectable Delacombe. Parkland was pretty, residential ripe, Industrial indescribable, the Twats held the interest of the gents, Bait ensured the Dishlickers were typically topical, out around Smythes Road and on to Peb’s lowered carport for the DrinkStop.
On Home across the park to welcome back Sinton (that’s not how Rear Entry says it) Spartacus and Bait. Palindromic runs to Nummy 3 ate 3 and Shafted, for for for for fucks sake.
Heavy pushed Rowdy aside and took the screw reins back and described the run, “as above”. His song about Pebbles picking up or “Picking up Pebbles and throwing them into the sea” was strongly supported by Bent & Num.
….and on it went about days gone by and past conquests, when he had the personality of Ms Burns and wanted Rowdy’s in Law’s Hash name.
Despite the lack of sunshine, The Bill’s was screening all Ray’s from his preshmobile that had beading water on its wax and polish. SS took BillyGoat’s carpark on the bitumen while the Billy Goat was proud that the Chinese new year was the year of the Goat!
More breaking news as Sinton told the how you get Powderfinger by putting Car Michael Silic Hunt on to Hoppawarti. And the one about the blonde with the black box called 747. Birthday battles were on, SOS 30th and Dumb’s dad 100th on the same day.
Could have been a return of the Dummy Spit award tonight. Several nominations including Fluid Movement since noticing she isn’t the GrogMaster designate on the web (note to Mrs D, Must rectify that). But who is the winner? Siliquestion. Rowdy wanted to put his hand up but was restricted to 2 fingers.
Bloody cold so many were keen to congregate around the warming BBQ where Spartacus had snags and Rear Entry caramelised Silic’s meat. Helgas bread and snappy salads accompanied.
Anchorage had a mean monthly temperature of 58.3°F this June, 3.1°F above the long term normal. The highest temperature for the month was 78°F occurring on the 16th. The lowest temperature for the month was 42°F on the 7th. This was the third warmest June on record after 2015 and 2013.
Precipitation was above normal, with 1.78” measured and 0.97” expected. The precipitation total of 1.03" on the 6th set a new daily record, breaking the old record of 0.73" set in 1988. The highest wind speed was 46 mph from a southeasterly direction on the 19th, while the average wind speed was 8.0 mph.
Service and decent automobile coverage rates and sticking with them. they d renew their coverage 12 months after year, and as long as not anything came Orion Code about to rock the boat they might pretty fortuitously do enterprise with that agency for the rest of their lives.the car coverage enterprise has been taking gain of that.A reality that s never been greater true than it is these days. http://brainammoadvice.com/orion-code/
Whether to put on unmarried breasted or double breasted tuxedo is an issue of personal preference as both Power Testo Blast kinds are suitable for formal in addition to casual occasions. every other useful tip is - unmarried breasted dinner jacket must be left open and should accompany a cummerbund. double breasted jackets must be worn buttoned while status up. http://purenitrateadvice.com/power-testo-blast/
The different equal websites obtainable to attract site visitors on your website. on the whole it might must be paid site visitors. you control to sell a website or Hyper Nitro Core two. more competition.you do no longer have to be a rocket scientist to look that the only character who's prevailing on this setup is the author of the website. http://purenitrateadvice.com/hyper-nitro-core/
A compound exercising is any carry that stimulates multiple muscle institution at a time. examples of those lifts are the squat deadlift bench press chin up barbell row Explosive Muscle overhead press dip and lunge. compound actions allow you to cope with the most weight and will stimulate the best amount of overall muscle fibers. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/explosive-muscle/
Similarly for the long term disability because of injuries, the attorneys are at your service to provide you the pleasant carrier and coincidence benefits claim.the X Alpha Muscle incapacity attorneys toronto will even make certain that you do no longer lose the benefits you deserve because of a time issue duration that you neglected. http://www.healthsupreviews.com/x-alpha-muscle/
The confusion of the overpowering style of merchandise to be had. a few merchandise you can have heard have been confirmed not to work, or work so well you can need to visit Nitro MXS your doctor. this isn't helpful, particularly if you are trying to be discreet regarding the very touchy problem of erectile dysfunction. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/nitro-mxs/
Making the idea that the human beings in these countries appear to be thinner and more healthy than the common westerner, this weight-reduction plan X-Ripped applies their eating principals to the program. this is definitely the fine weight loss plan for you in case you do not need to severely restriction your preferred foods. http://musclegainfast.com/x-ripped/
This identical situation happens in ladies hair loss treatment for girl pattern baldness takes on a similar approach though surgical hair implants may be the better Paravex Male Enhancement alternative for ladies.know-how the reason is the first step in any treatment. with female sample baldness caused by genetic instructions, the cure promised by having recognized the offending genes in the genetic. http://musclegainfast.com/paravex-male-enhancement/
The precept swordplay that came into being.satirically because of the ones tendencies that were set into movement via firearms, current empty hand boxing have become a sensible Muscle XTX complement and opportunity means of self-defense. immediately aggregate hitting, falling steps and shorter upright cellular stances became the foundation for modern-day empty hand combat. http://www.healthsupreviews.com/muscle-xtx/
One of the most crucial factors of path is light.plant life take the mild and turn it into strength the usage of a system called photosynthesis. this isn't DermEssence always just an choice, it a necessity and will ensure which you have flowers that thrive and give you the consequences you are seeking out. http://purenitrateadvice.com/dermessence/
Be like the ones human beings beginning and preventing will only serve to deflate your spirits and make you consider that you may in no way truely do it. start whilst you My Megasize sense which you really want it terrible sufficient and you may in reality do it. will electricity can be surely superb. it can make miracles. http://musclegainfast.com/my-megasize/
Taking action now not simply action however large action all over again, i see too many humans begin their commercial enterprise and before they do whatever Testo Max they spend an excessive amount of time organizing themselves, getting their desk directly, writing down activities etc etc. all of that stuff may be finished later. http://musclegainfast.com/testo-max/
The point you get over to the cardio section at the gym, your frame will already be in a fats burning country, thereby growing the quantity of fats you would IRON BULL EDGE have first of all burned if you wanted to go together with a before hand method.when it comes down to choosing the type of aerobic workout you want to do, there are many different varieties. http://purenitrateadvice.com/iron-bull-edge/
CLEARWATER - Until five years ago, Rigoberto Ochoa of Charapan, Mexico, sneaked into California to work, picking peaches, prunes and grapes as an illegal migrant.
But since 2002, he's been coming across the border each year by bus, carrying an H2B visa for temporary nonagricultural workers. As an employee of Amplex wholesale nursery off Ulmerton Road, the 39-year-old makes twice the $4.25 an hour he was paid as an undocumented worker.
The three-day bus trip that he takes from Mexico each February and then back each December is tedious, but it's safe and inexpensive compared with what he went through as an illegal.
Ochoa is one of 30 workers with H2B visas working for Amplex, which also has a 100-acre nursery in Plant City. Co-owner Tami McKnight has been using the program - and the same 30 workers -- since 2002.
Amplex, with a total work force of about 100, nearly learned what life without migrant workers would be like last year. The H2B program's cap of 66,000 visas was reached long before McKnight's annual request reached the U.S. Department of Labor in October 2004. Her workers, who are considered temporary and must return to Mexico each year, were stuck in their village in Michoacan for months while trade associations for landscapers, nurseries and hotels lobbied lawmakers for help.
In March 2005, Congress provided some relief by exempting returning visa-holders from the program's cap. Amplex's crew finally returned in mid May, almost four months after their usual February start date.
McKnight, who fielded increasingly desperate phone calls from Charapan as her workers' savings ran out during the delay, said she became desperate as well.
"If someone showed up here, I put them to work,'' she said. "I asked for their I-9s identification papers. But who knows if they were authentic?'"
McKnight, who has owned Amplex with partner George Kostilnik since 1985, first applied to the visa program five years ago to avoid just that kind of paranoia. "It got to where it was keeping me up at night,'' she said.
In October each year she applies to the Labor Department for 30 H2B slots, providing descriptions of the work and benefits. (Amplex offers health insurance to its workers as well as a 20 percent contribution to an employee Christmas Club.)
The government then sets minimum pay ($6.99 an hour, though Amplex starts workers at $8.50). McKnight is also required to place ads for her job openings with state employment offices and in major local newspapers for two consecutive weeks, including Sundays.
Her partner, Kostilnik, said friends often ask to put their high school or college-aged sons to work at the nursery for the summer. But after a few days of loading and unloading trees on trucks and weeding and watering plants, the students are gone. "They never last,'' Kostilnik said.
Only after proving that Amplex can't fill its openings locally does McKnight receive approval for the visas. The whole process, which must be repeated annually, takes about four months and costs Amplex about $4,000 in fees to the U.S. government, $1,000 to the Mexican government and $3,000 to an expediter in Texas. Said McKnight of the program's cost: "It's worth every penny.''
But with Amplex's business growing - it hit a record $15.5-million in sales last year - McKnight hopes to add another 20 guest workers next year. Under current program limits, it's unlikely those workers would be approved.
Her recommendations to Congress: Raise the cap on H2B visas. Allow the workers to stay year-round and drop the pretense that they are temporary. And let long-term visa-holders use the program as a path toward permanent residency.
McKnight knows demand for H2B workers exists because Amplex's customers, which include landscapers, retailers and garden centers, constantly ask her about the program.
(e) Take concrete action to combat intolerance, in particular with a view to eliminating racism, colour bias, ethnic discrimination, religious intolerance, totalitarian ideologies, xenophobia, anti-semitism, anti-feminism and homophobia."
Auger teeth online is your go to shop for auger teeth and bits, drive units, shanks and more from manufacturers like McMiller, Danuser, Bush Hog, Pengo & more! ...
Auger teeth are safely locked in place and protected against shock fractures. Replacing worn teeth is a breeze with this system, simply knock out the old pin with a standard hole punch and the tooth will ...
Auger teeth, flat teeth FZ72 for rock auger and Drilling Bucket fitting to rotary drilling rig The Foundation drilling tools from JYF Machinery have the following features: Tungsten ...
Stump Grinder Teeth (Finger Teeth) Speciality: Our finger teeth will have an immediate impact on your stump cutter performance and your wallet, it's a great time to switch and enjoy our great offer.These teeth can be re-sharpened many times over. Body Material ...
auger teeth manufacturer/supplier, China auger teeth manufacturer & factory list, find qualified Chinese auger teeth manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters & wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China.com. Supplier Discovery Sign In Join Free For Buyer ...
Digga offer a large range of auger teeth and wear parts including auger teeth and auger rock teeth. Digga Wear Parts are cast to the highest quality and utilise premium grade tungsten carbides to ensure maximum wear life.
When it comes to auger supplies and wear parts there's been one leader since 1947 – Jiffy Dallas. Our decades of experience and made in the USA parts make us the go-to choice for auger teeth, bucket teeth, pilot bits, auger adapters, and weld on pockets used ...
carbide mining cutting tools coal mine drill bit conical mining cutter bits auger pick coal cutter teeth
high performance carbide mining cutting tools coal mine drill bit conical mining cutter bits auger pick coal cutter teeth
The www.2Bhip.com store is one of the most popular home shopping site in the USA. 2Bhip offers top quality products, great shopping experience and more. www2Bhip online shopping.com is sometimes misspelled as www2Bhip.com, 2Bhips, 2Bhip.com. New this month: New Gift Ideas - Save now on our new products and more
We help you save money while shopping online at 2Bhip.com. We offer the best coupons, deals, discount sales and promotional codes for thousands of online stores, including 2Bhip and more. 2Bhip coupon codes are a great way to save money and to get the discount price for the products you want to buy at 2Bhip online store. After you are finished shopping, enter the 2Bhip promotional code into the coupon or deal box during the checkout process at 2Bhip website.
Search: 2Bhip, 2Bhip.com online shopping, discount, online store and leading outlet store chain, offering valuable products for women, men and gifts. www.2Bhip.com online store offers variety of high quality products and goods with 2Bhip.com online coupon code.
The American flag is a solid sign of American identity and also nationwide pride. Also known as Old Glory, the U.S. flag has a vibrant background and also has undertaken several modifications starting from the initial main flag of 1777.
Today the flag is composed of thirteen straight stripes, seven red alternating with 6 white stripes. The colors of the flag are symbolic as well: red signifies strength and valiance, white signifies pureness and virtue and blue stands for vigilance, willpower and also justice.
In time, some have connected a little different significances to the 3 colors, for example, the shade red representing the blood spilled to protect our liberty, yet the significance of the original meaning has actually been relatively consistent from 1782.
It is so much more than the 3 colors or a “design”. Think about the places around the world that the American flag has actually flown, think of the change it has undergone throughout the years on American territory. It is absolutely humbling to think of all that was offered and sacrificed so that the American flag can fly easily throughout this country.
The flag that started with just 13 stars grew to 50 with the addition of new states to the Union. The number of stars on the flag gradually increased to its present number today where a new star would certainly be included in the blue field on the 4th of July after the date of each new state’s admission.
The number of rotating horizontal red as well as white stripes has continued to be at thirteen except from 1795 to 1818 when fifteen stripes showed up on the flag to note the admission of Kentucky and Vermont to the Union. In 1818, it was decided that including a stripe to the flag for each and every brand-new state would not happen as it will certainly make the flag look crowded as well as it would make the flag unwieldy. It was determined then that the flag would go back to having just thirteen stripes to represent the initial colonies.
The American flag is a sign not just of strength, valiance, purity, virtue, vigilance, determination and justice; it is a symbol of freedom. Freedom that has actually been battled so hard for over the decades. Liberty that has cost this nation as well as the households within so much, and yet it is still a sign to those desiring they had the freedom that the country has.
Typical flag etiquette suggests that prior to an American flag is kept or flown, its handlers must twice fold it in half lengthwise; then (from the end opposite the blue field) make a triangular fold, continuously fold it in a triangular patter up until the other end is reached. This makes a triangular “pillow” of the flag with only heaven starred field showing outside, as well as it takes thirteen folds to generate: two lengthwise folds as well as eleven triangular ones.
The flag isn’t really folded in this fashion due to the fact that each of the folds has a special symbolic meaning; the flag is folded this way because it offers a dignified ritualistic touch that identifies folding a flag from folding a normal object such as a bed cover, and due to the fact that it results an aesthetically pleasing, easy-to-handle form. This thirteen-fold treatment was a common method long before the development of a ceremonial assignation of “meaning” per of the steps.
A sophisticated flag folding ceremony including these significances has actually from then on been designed for unique events such as Memorial Day and Veterans Day. These associations are “real” in the sense that they mean something to the people that join the ceremony, however they are not the reason a flag is folded in the typical thirteen-step way.
This is America as well as its symbol is the American Flag. This respectable symbol has been shot at, burned, spew upon and also stepped on, and yet she rises repeatedly. Although several Americans in the state of South Dakota happily fly the flag outside their homes and businesses everyday, it is fitting that we, as a country, have reserved one details day annually to recognize our flag as well as to bear in mind that it represents the ideals and also values that we need to strive to uphold. May God bless America as well as those that protect her.
This entry was posted in American Flags in South Dakota and tagged flag during american revolutionary war Wood SD, flag of america history Wood SD, flag of america Wood SD, flag of american revolution Wood SD, flag of the united states of america history Wood SD, flag of united states of america pictures Wood SD, history of the national flag of the united states of america Wood SD, picture of national flag of america Wood SD, us flag gifts Wood SD, usa flag meaning of stars and stripes Wood SD on May 26, 2016 by admin.
I often have two books going at the same time. But when I started reading Donna Tartt’s The Goldfinch, I knew that strategy wouldn’t work. I simply couldn’t put it down and, when life intervened and I was forced to, I returned to it in any spare moment I had. It is a rare combination of a page turner that is also brilliantly written and conceived with believable characters about whom...[read on]
When an American exchange student is accused of murder, her mother will stop at nothing to save her.
A midnight phone call shatters Jennifer Lewis’s carefully orchestrated life. Her daughter, Emma, who’s studying abroad in Spain, has been arrested after the brutal murder of another student. Jennifer rushes to her side, certain the arrest is a terrible mistake and determined to do whatever is necessary to bring Emma home. But as she begins to investigate the crime, she starts to wonder whether she ever really knew her daughter. The police charge Emma, and the press leaps on the story, exaggerating every sordid detail. One by one, Emma’s defense team, her father, and finally even Jennifer begin to have doubts.
A novel of harrowing emotional suspense, The Perfect Mother probes the dark side of parenthood and the complicated bond between mothers and daughters.
Seattle, WA — A 70-year-old retired Air Force veteran was abused and arrested for absolutely no reason at all. William Wingate, a man with no criminal record, was walking down the street, as he does every day, using a golf club, which he has re-purposed in to a cane. He’s been using this cane/golf club for 20 years. On July 9, 2014, however, his daily walk would cross paths with overzealous Seattle Police officer, Cynthia Whitlach. Completely out of the blue, at 1:00 in the afternoon, Whitlach pulls up to Wingate and demands he drop his cane. Wingate, obviously surprised and confused as to what was going on, tries to figure out exactly what it is Whitlach wants. “Drop the golf club!” screams the officer, seemingly jacked up on her authority. “What? this is my golf club,” says Wingate having absolutely no idea why Whitlach is demanding he drop it. “You just swung that golf club at me,” Whitlach yells. “No, I did not!” exclaims Wingate. “Right back there,” Whitlach says back. “It was on audio and video tape.” The fact that Wingate never swung the golf club at Whitlach and no video was ever produced showing this, did not stop this tyrant from kidnapping and caging this innocent man. “On the video, Officer Whitlach can be heard insisting that the recording would show Wingate swinging his golf club at her and hitting a stop sign with it. According to the SPD, there exists no video to back up this claim. The allegation that he swung at the police car counld not be corroborated by any other facts and was not caught on any video. What was caught on video was him minding his own business with the golf club at his side.” The video of this incident is saddening and deplorable. To watch an innocent man, minding his own business while out for a walk on a beautiful day, be deprived of his freedom by a cop on a power trip, is disheartening, to say the least. After backlash from the community and lawmakers, SPD Chief Carmen Best issued an apology to Wingate, But why? If he did in fact swing the club as she stated, why the apology. This officer still combs the streets looking for innocent old black men to abuse. She received not one day of suspension for depriving an innocent man of his rights, and only had to undergo counseling from her supervisor; a... read more
The privately owned corporate Federal Reserve System’s debt has cleverly been renamed “The National Debt”, to suggest that this is the American public debt. However, it is not America’s debt but rather Israel’s Debt and the private Federal Reserve’s corporate debt and yet we have been deceived into thinking and believing the complete opposite by the corporate slave drivers through their use of patriotic slogans like: “This is the cost of freedom!” By the end of World War I, wartime costs had depleted the treasury and there were several really bad financial panics. The country needed to print more money than it had as equity to restore confidence in the money supply and get the economy back on its feet. When you or I need more money, we use something as collateral and go to a bank for a loan. When a country needs more money it has to go somewhere also. But in 1913 there wasn’t anywhere to go. So the US created the Federal Reserve Act. This established a private central bank (The Federal Reserve Bank) that would regulate the amount of money the US government was allowed to borrow and put in circulation. It also would expect to be repaid, like any bank, with interest. But after only 20 years things went from bad to worse. During Franklin D. Roosevelt’s presidency, in 1933, the US was unable to pay its debt. The county was bankrupt. The private banks that made up the Federal Reserve demanded their money and Roosevelt responded. He had to use the only thing left of any value to pay the banks and continue doing business with them — the citizens of our country. Us! Are you awake Yet? As a reader you deserve to know the truth behind the disasters America and the rest of the world faces. If you want to learn more about what is going on in America then consider joining America’s Great Awakening Newsletter. These newsletters are free and we encourage you to distribute to your friends and family.JOIN US TODAY If you are already a member you can, sign in... read more
Was this 2010 excerpt from NBC predicting RFID implanted in Americans in 2017 or are they the mouth piece for the beast? If you take the RFID Microchip they can TRACK your every move, Control your MONEY, Control your FOOD and possible even KILL you if you don’t obey! Wait, don’t they do that now? We will save that for another time. Remember, they do things over time to condition the population into think this is normal. Please understand, you are just a number to the government. A RFID Chip is the governments means to control you for the rest of your life. Please note that some research has been done on this issue. It is believed that the RFID legislation was removed from the final Obamacare bill. We could find no such evidence. But the fact that such language was ever considered should be disturbing. Could the RFID language be put back in? “And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads. Revelation 13:16” Are you awake Yet? As a reader you deserve to know the truth behind the disasters America and the rest of the world faces. If you want to learn more about what is going on in America then consider joining America’s Great Awakening Newsletter. These newsletters are free and we encourage you to distribute to your friends and family.JOIN US TODAY If you are already a member you can, sign in... read more
Are you awake yet? You better start waking up soon. A new bill has been proposed which would allow police officers to enter any home, regardless of whether or not they have a warrant. This bill effectively removes any protections people have from unreasonable search and seizure, and opens the door for unprecedented abuse of powers. Are we still the United States> A warrantless search is just wrong. There is no reason to kick in someones door and search their home. Under the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution, part of the Bill of Rights, which provides that, “The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.” When are we going to stand up America? When are we going to speak. “When they came for me, there was no one left to speak up.” The quote above speaks volumes. The February 2015 newsletter is almost done and we’ll be discussing this very topic on America chooses to remain silent, even in the face to a tyrannical government. We only speak up when it affects us directly. Our liberties and our freedoms are under attack from a thousand different directions and they are being stripped away from us at a blinding pace. Are you going to wait till there is nobody left to speak up. Are you awake Yet? As a reader you deserve to know the truth behind the disasters America and the rest of the world faces. If you want to learn more about what is going on in America then consider joining America’s Great Awakening Newsletter. These newsletters are free and we encourage you to distribute to your friends and family.JOIN US TODAY If you are already a member you can, sign in... read more
Thieves and Thugs Threaten Your Property but, it’s not who you think. Civil Asset Forfeiture by police and government has become a hot topic lately. Every year, federal and state law enforcement agents seize hundreds of millions of dollars from civilians during traffic stops, simply by asserting that they believe the money is connected to some illegal activity and without ever pursuing criminal charges. Under federal law and the laws of most states, they are entitled to keep most (and sometimes all) of the money and property they seize. As crazy as it sounds, civil asset forfeiture laws allow the government to seize property without charging anyone with a crime. Until The government is allowed to keep whatever property it seized without ever having to prove a case. Seized property is presumed guilty and could be forfeited based upon mere hearsay or even worse a tip supplied by by an informant who stood to gain up to 25% of the forfeited assets. We are forced into the a situation of trying to prove a negative—that something never happened, even though no proof of any illegal act had been offered at trial. Newspapers and television stories across the nation documented hundreds of cases of innocent citizens wrongfully deprived of their homes, businesses and livelihoods. Eighty percent of property forfeited to the US during the previous decade was seized from owners who were never even charged with a crime! Where is Due Process of Law? Why are we putting up this band of thieves and tyrants? We’ll be covering this topic more in depth in our America’s Great Awakening newsletter. So be sure to sign up if you’re not a member. Are you awake Yet? As a reader you deserve to know the truth behind the disasters America and the rest of the world faces. If you want to learn more about what is going on in America then consider joining America’s Great Awakening Newsletter. These newslettes are free and we encourage you to distribute to your friends and family.JOIN US TODAY If you are already a member you can, sign in... read more
With the difficulties of selling your home in the soft, slow-moving real estate market we reside in today you as the seller have more competition than ever earlier. The race to attract the attention about a willing and able buyer can be intense, intimidating, and emotional. Naturally, you need to an equally intimidating avalanche of advice available on ways to sell your household.
But in each this advice, a genuine effort . one home selling “secret” that isn’t if ever addressed. And as you prepare to sell your home, it your fundamental truth need to do must embrace if you want to (or have to) sell your home and sell it fast. This truth is perhaps an obvious one, but it will be the one big “secret” that will make all the difference if you desire to (or have to) sell your own home fast.
And not recognizing this subtle but essential difference is the reason that better than 90% of “fast home sellers” to be able to sell their homes as quickly whilst want to are!
The special challenge you face in the event that want to sell home fast that is it requires you – the seller – to do more work in under time.
In fact, listing using a typical property agent may possibly hurt both you and slow down the sale of the house a person allow you to ultimately believe that your agent – as the knowledgeable real estate professional – is “taking care of all things.” You become complacent. You give yourself a “pass.” You know yourself that since anyone might have your house listed using a professional marketplace agent, you don’t really have to do some of those “other” bothersome things required to get your home sold accelerated. Worse yet, may likely even believe that you are not allowed to execute the other key products that you simply must try to sell your own home fast.
So, think twice before selecting to list residence with a valuable estate merchant. And if you decide to list your property, you should be diligent when choosing a industry agent. It is usually In your home good idea to list with an simply because they are somebody or good friend. If you in order to sell your property fast, and when you elect to list the property with an agent, guaranteed to talk to prospective agents about here is how they deliver the results WITH you to get your home sold naturally. If the only strategy contain for selling a home fast usually lower the price, an individual are seeing the wrong real estate agent!!
Selling dwelling fast heading to to require its own special process. You are gonna be have to do everything assume normally do today sell home – paint, clean, and de-clutter the interior, update the landscaping and beautify the exterior to increase its curb appeal, etc. – but you know now there’s always something good also preferably should do more !
Awning windows are hinged on top and open outward, enabling ventilation without letting in rain or falling leaves. Screens are on the inside of the window, where they’re more protected from the elements. Awning windows are often used for basements because they can be placed high on the wall and easily operate with a turn of the handle. They are a great choice to pair with non-operable windows, such as above or below a picture window, since awning windows are generally smaller in size than double hungs, casements or sliders.
What a spooky day it has been. It started when I woke up to the sound of an alarm. We had lost GPS and the system kept on dropping the signal each time Yoav rebooted it.
I stepped on deck to have my breakfast and saw a curtain of fog on our starboard side, the moon barely piercing through the clouds on our port side, and no wind on a glassy sea. I sat down with my 1/4 of coffee and a big bowl of oatmeal. I was looking at the sunrise, then the sunrise was behind me before it reappeared in front of me, the boat was making big circles.
Those conditions didn’t last, the wind started to pick up, waves were rising and it started raining before I jumped in the water. The water temperature was higher than the ambient temperature, it felt like I jumped in a warm bath.
Paul and Maria were in the dinghy and under the rain for the first two hours. The waves and wind picked up and moved eastward, in the same direction I was swimming, they were giving me an extra boost. I could feel big waves thrusting me forward. Paul moved the streamline from the port side to the starboard side to keep it more parallel to the RHIB. The direction of the waves and current pushed it under the dinghy.
I had been doing great progress during the day, I was on my eighth hours when I felt the push of a wave carrying me forward. At the same moment, a bad maneuver was made on the dinghy which propelled it in reverse right over the streamline. It was too late when I saw the grey side of the RHIB, my head was already by the propeller. I felt my forehead hitting a hard surface and immediately grabbed my forehead. I was hurting but it wasn’t an excruciating pain. When I removed my hands, blood starting to drip.
Paul quickly reached for me and pulled back my hoody to checked the extent my injuries. He was relieved, he did not see any big openings, it appeared to be only superficial. I heard Maria saying multiple times: “I am sorry Ben!”
Paul asked me to come on the dinghy and had radioed the rest of the crew on Seeker about the situation to get them ready.
I wasn’t feeling dizzy, so I took the time to removed my wetsuit and equipment in the water and rinsed myself before hooping in the RHIB. During that all time my blood dripped in the water and I wandered if a shark would smell it.
Once on Seeker, Maks took care of my forehead, no stitches were required. He cleaned everything and did a full assessment before I went to lay on my bunk.
In the evening, during our daily meeting, we spoke about what happened earlier and Paul showed me the snorkel I wore during the crash. The propeller made a big cut in the snorkel, right in front of my nose. Had I not worn it, my nose would have been split in half…
Mark gave me my answer about the shark. After he finished filming Maks assessing me, he went back on deck and saw a shark passing next to our sailboat. Maybe just a coincidence?
I started my day by eating some fresh yogurt. Maria made it with our powder milk and some yeast. This was quite tasty but I have to admit that eating anything different from our regular plan meals taste good anyway. For dinner we had also a treat, Maks caught a mahi-mahi and Gonzo prepared it … Continued
For the past two days, the wind has been too strong to swim. It started with 20 knots of wind, jumped to 25 and then 30 in a matter of seconds accompanied by heavy rain. The rain fell so hard that the visibility dropped to less than 50 meters. Had I been in the water … Continued
Unfortunately, the dinghy was still out of operation and I had to use the kayak to pace me. Swells pushed us in the right direction, south east. Some of them were cresting, giving me a good push. Maria, in the kayak was surfing as well and managed to keep the kayak up almost through the … Continued
I started the day with Maks doing an echo of my heart. GE put at our disposal a very compact and mobile unit, the same kind the astronauts use in the International Space Station. We go through the same procedure and get data and images to monitor any changes in the structure of my heart. … Continued
I was finally back to my painful routine. Today we started the swim with some wind and big swells, they were coming from opposite directions and created choppy conditions. I used Seeker’s tracker, mine refused to charge in the morning. I hoped this was just moisture and after cleaning the connections it would be back … Continued
Well, today wasn’t the return to swimming I had hoped for. Overnight the wind dropped and even using the engine this morning was not enough to cover the 50 miles that separated us from our destination. I used this extra day to make some modifications on my fins. The foot packets on some of them … Continued
Today with strong winds we were able to maintain a speed of 9 knots for most of the day. We had put some fishing gears in the water and even at that speed, we caught two big mahi-mahis. We had a fresh and delicious lunch and dinner. Yoav estimated that we should be back to … Continued
We started the day with a great news from our weather routing partner; the super typhoon had been moving north west, away from us and we could now turn around and sail back to our swim point. The weather had changed also, the wind speed had decreased and it was finally sunny. This boosted everybody’s … Continued
Today, Yoav got a new weather maps for the next 5 days. As I clicked on them watching one day after another, I looked at the progression of the super Typhoon and noticed a change in its course. It seemed to be moving north west. If the forecast held, this would mean that the system … Continued
The next two days were about the same, with waves and high winds. The crew was in a pure sailing mode, which meant different watches and a different life on the boat altogether, no swimming nor data collecting. The only data collected were my microbiome. WRI, our weather forecasting partner kept on updating us about … Continued
Yesterday, right after we stopped the swim, we received some information from our routing team about a strong system moving our way in addition to the smallest one we knew was coming. We decided to follow their advice and sail south-east. The winds picked up during the night and became stronger early in the morning. … Continued
The conditions became a little more challenging today but it was still swimmable. Ty was in the dinghy with Brian and I knew I could rely on them to make everything possible for me to swim even in those very difficult situations. Some of the waves were crashing on me and in the dinghy, they … Continued
Get in touch with the team! We'd love to hear from you; Whether you have a question, want to schedule an interview, or become involved in the project.
Ok, let's try this sober for change, here's some light reading for you, the 1st issue of US Moonlight magazine (see what I did there?). So called humour aside this is light reading compared to Petrified 'zine as it is in much smaller size (whatever Americans substitute for A5) and 32 pages of content, a few of which contain pictures or ads. Why am I comparing this to Petrified? Because this is basically a continuation of that 'zine, with Thorns still on the helm and Lance Gifford freelancing. I don't know if they released more issues of this either and I'm not even sure where I got my copy, could it have been from some record shop? Or distro, sent as bonus or something like that? Anyways, I'm under the impression this was pretty much sent around as sort of FMP promo which might be incorrect. It's a pretty good, quick read though, I've always liked these small 'zines for some reason. The interviews vary in length quite wildly, from the very short Bethzaida one (contributed by Eric of SOM) to the very lengthy one with Blackmoon, then still with Dark Funeral. It's not Petrified, but worth checking out.
The purpose of this blog was to share old & forgotten recordings of (mainly) black/death metal and ambient/dungeon synth projects - releases that are no longer available, are hard to find in original form or found only in "difficult" formats. IT HAS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH AION! I hate MMORPGs. Buy shit by artists you support and go see them play live. Don't be just another parasite. Leave comments if you encounter broken links. If you find material objectional to you as the contributing artist, please leave me a note. Hail Satan. No Facebook profiles ever. CONTACT: ascoven@priest.com
Several old links may be dead. Please request reupload via email or comment. I'll see what happens and when.
If you have a scanner, old 'zines and too much time on your hands, scan the 'zines and get in touch with me! I'm most interested in 90's and early 00's mags dealing with black metal. I'm currently most interested in Asian 'zines (90's) and black/death metal 'zines circa '91-'96.
Feel free to offer anything that seems obscure and old (preferably 90's/early 00's) to you, the Coven appreciates contributions.
My name is Elizabeth Moore, I am 13 years old and I am a competitive swimmer with the Sylvan Lake Nauticals. I have been competing since I was 7 years old. Prior to swimming, I danced for 4 years participating in tap dancing, ballet and hip hop.
I love swimming and I love competing. I have competed at the local level since I started swimming and have been competing at the provincial level for the past 4.5 years. I have been fortunate enough to earn at least one medal at each provincial competition. The past short course provincials March 6-8, 2013 in the 12&under year old age group I won 2 gold medals, 3 silver medals and 2 bronze medals. And at the past long course provincials July 3-6, 2013 I aged up and had to compete in the 13&14 year old age group I won 2 gold medals and 2 4th places ribbons and the other 3 events placing in the top 16. I have made many friends through swimming and I look forward to meeting many more people along the way.
This past summer I once again qualified for the Canadian Age Group Championships which were held in Winnipeg, Manitoba. I qualified for 9 events, swimming in 7. Out of those 7 races I finished in in the top 10 in Canada in 3 of them. It was a great experience and I was able to meet a number of swimmers from across the country. I am looking forward to going to Quebec City this season to once again compete at the National level.
Currently I am very busy swimming, playing on the school volleyball team and attending the gym on a weekly basis.
My goals for the next couple of years include medaling at the Canadian Age Group Championships in Quebec City in 2015 and going on a school exchange program to either Quebec or France.
Mark brings you all the latest stories, news and quirky details about the Red Cross' work in the UK.
Dr James Jude died last week – but his pioneering medical work continues to save countless lives every year.
The signature CPR position (kneeling over someone and pushing rhythmically on their chest) is recognised across the world. It has featured in countless movies and TV medical dramas over the years.
It works, too. Giving simple chest compressions can keep casualties alive for those precious few minutes before professional help arrives. More
After Jacqui Putnam was caught up in the London Bombings, we helped her deal with the harrowing experience. She became a first aid volunteer with us and has saved many lives. This is her story.
I was in the front carriage on the Edgware Road train when the explosion happened. The bomb was in the next carriage along.
A lot of things happened in a split second. There was a loud bang – a high-pitched crack – and a flash of light, which illuminated hundreds of tiny shards of glass in the air.
The force of the blast travelled forward along the train. I felt immense pressure on my left shoulder which pushed me violently forward in my seat. More
Here are a few tips for staying (literally) cool-headed during the heatwave – and why you shouldn’t believe some of those hoary old myths.
So forget that old myth about rubbing ice cubes on the wrists to cool the whole body. In baking hot weather, wearing a wet t-shirt – and keeping it wet – can be really effective. More
British Red Cross nurses had to celebrate the festive season hungry and over-worked, yet they were still determined to be cheerful. See the First World War through the eyes of the women who were actually there.
This witty cartoon triptych depicts the typical life of a Red Cross nurse (they were known as Voluntary Aid Detachments) serving abroad during the war. The sketches show how her life officially should be, how she dreams it might be, and how it actually is. Poor woman…
During the First World War, the British Red Cross got lots of help from an unlikely quarter. As Armistice Day approaches, we sniff around for the full story.
A dog, you say, carrying first aid supplies through the whizzing bombs and flying bullets of no man’s land? And all to reach and save wounded soldiers? It sounds preposterous. But it’s true – every word of it. More
A determined doctor who overcame bigotry and prejudice to help others during the First World War finally won recognition a hundred years later. As Britain celebrates Black History Month, we trace his story.
Originally from Trinidad, John graduated with a medical degree from Edinburgh University in 1899. He then worked in London hospitals for several years before going into practice on his own.
When the First World War broke out in 1914, he naturally wanted to use his skills to help with the war effort.
But despite his qualifications and experience, he was rejected outright by the Royal Army Medical Corps in 1914 because of his ‘colonial origin’.
If you come a cropper and need a wheelchair, your best bet is to either get injured just a little or quite a lot. Confused? You should be.
1. If you twist your ankle or get a small mobility injury, hospitals in the UK have to provide you with a ‘minor aid’ – such as crutches or a walking frame.
2. If you have a serious illness or injury that will mean long-term use of a wheelchair, hospitals are similarly obliged to provide the equipment. But…
3. If you need a wheelchair for a ‘short-term’ ailment (officially, anything lasting less than six months), then no official body has responsibility to offer help.
Helping someone who’s been stabbed is actually pretty straightforward. Just follow these steps and you could save someone’s life.
This new edition of Highly Recommended has been completely revised to take account of innovations and changing practices within the sector.
Highly Recommended 1 and Highly Recommended 2 provide students with simple, functional language for dealing with customers and colleagues in a variety of situations, from taking reservations to dealing with complaints. The course offers a straightforward approach to developing speaking and listening skills in the context of the hotel and catering industry.
Hyundai really has made great strides in terms of design, with the Santa Fe just one of the latest Hyundai models to be given a major makeover. Gone is the boxy and ungainly profile of the earlier models, replaced by a lower and sleeker design. The front end of the new Santa Fe features a large chrome grille while the headlights wrap around the front end giving it an imposing profile. Interestingly, Hyundai listened to both customers who bought the Mk2 Santa Fe as well as those who decided not to buy one when making improvements to the new range. Looks it seems are everything in a sector that offers customers choices that include the new Land Rover Discovery Sport, Range Rover Evoque, Audi Q5 & BMX X3, so unsurprisingly, getting the outside right was of prime consideration to Hyundai when building the new model.
The cabin interior is neatly & logically set out & in the main is made of good quality & soft touch plastics, excepting the central binnacle which does feel flimsy & disappointing for a model costing £37,000. Both the steering wheel controls for the likes of cruise control as well as the touchscreen sat nav system were easy to use & to understand. Intelligent technologies on board new Santa Fe include Bluetooth connectivity with voice recognition, USB, Aux and iPod ports & on my test model Premium SE & Premium, touchscreen satellite navigation with a 7-inch TFT LCD screen, a cooled glove box & an automatic windscreen de-fog system – plus cruise control, speed-sensitive automatic door locking, automatic de-fog system for front windscreen, electronic parking brake& on Premium SE, Smart Parking Assist. The Premium SE also comes with puddle lamps fitted within the exterior mirrors to illuminate the ground alongside the vehicle, with privacy glass for added comfort & security offered across the entire model range.
Interior space was another important factor for potential Santa Fe customers, so Hyundai have improved this this with front & second-row legroom increased by 38mm & 45mm & front headroom increased by 11mm over the last-generation car.Luggage space in the boot has been increased by 37mm in depth over the previous generation model as well. Additionally, all models get a 12V power socket plus underfloor storage in the luggage compartment. Versatility is a must for any SUV & the New Generation Santa Fe boasts a large 534-litre boot (third row seats fold flat) to accommodate bulky items. With both the second and third row of seats folded flat, cargo capacity is increased to 1,615 litres.
The Santa Fe features Hyundai’s Flex Steer system, which allows the driver to vary the assistance. I tried all 3 versions & found them all to be similar in feel & unless your’e towing not really that relevant. Refinement though, is impressive throughout the Santa Fe & again thanks to customer feedback, the cabin is much quieter than before, especially on the motorway, thanks to extra sound proofing & thicker side windows. Hyundai has also given the Santa Fe a bespoke suspension set-up for the UK with stiffer dampers which means less body roll in corners, again a case of listening to what your customers want within the European market whose drivers want something different to their North American counterparts.
Safety is important to European customers as well. Every new Santa Fe is fitted with seven airbags as standard, including driver, passenger, front side, full-length curtain and driver’s knee units. Also fitted are ABS (anti-lock braking system), ESP (electronic stability programme), VSM (vehicle stability management), DBC (downhill brake control which keeps speed below 6mph when descending steep slopes), HAC (hill start assist control) & the new TSA (trailer stability assist). The fact that the Santa Fe is backed by Hyundai’s 5 Year Unlimited Mileage Warranty, which means owners get a fully transferable five year unlimited mileage warranty, five years roadside assistance & five years free vehicle health checks, should embarrass other manufacturers into offering something equally as impressive.
I tested the top of the range Premium 2.2 CRDi 7 seat 4WD automatic, which unsurprisingly sparkled in the sunlight with it’s sleek exterior making it a nice car to like. The seats & driving position are first class with electrically adjusted seats finished in leather making it simple to get comfortable. I like to set my seat position further back on longer motorway journeys allowing one to relax a bit more. In this respect the Santa Fe scores very highly as I haven’t driven anything else quite as comfortable for some time. Furthermore, my family enjoyed the spacious cabin& the panoramic sun roof really did make a difference when out & about on another depressingly grey May afternoon. The quick release levers in the boot allowed me to fold down seats 6 & 7 down easily to load up for yet another trip to the tip & to allow me to fit in the now ubiquitous ‘stuff’ purchased from IKEA.
Driving around town I found the Santa Fe handled well belying it’s size & the addition of rear parking sensors & a reversing camera made parking despite it’s size, simple as well. On the May Bank Holiday I had a close encounter with a steam traction engine on a country road, which resulted in me having to make an emergency stop & climbing a kerb. The alloy wheels were completely protected by the well designed wheels on the Santa Fe & I came away with nothing worse than a scuff mark on my front left hand side tyre which in another car would have meant a badly damaged alloy wheel.
Company car drivers will want to know how the Santa Fe performs vis a vis the tax man. The Santa Fe with six-speed manual transmission accelerates from 0 to 62mph in 9.8 seconds & has a top speed of 118mph. On the combined fuel cycle it posts economy & CO2 emission figures of 46.3mpg & 159g/km. The six-speed automatic Santa Fe that I tested, reaches 62mph in 10.1 seconds, has a 118mph top speed with a combined economy & CO2 emission figures of 41.5mpg and 178g/km. I have to say that over 7 days & 300 mile, I averaged around 35 mpg, almost identical the figures I achieved in the RAV4, CX5 & Ford Kuga, so in this respect the Santa Fe is a match for all of them.
In what is a ridiculously competitive market place, the new model Santa Fe ticks all of the boxes required to appeal to those who want a large SUV. It looks great, it’s spacious, comes very well equipped, is offered with a brilliant warranty & drives well both on the motorway & around town. Emissions could be lower, the build quality of some of the fittings could be better & a DAB radio should by now be standard, but other than that the Santa Fe is a really nice car & one that the family Walker including our dog, could happily live with every day.
Andrew Walker is a member of the Northern Group of Motoring Writers & has been reviewing cars & vans since 1991. He has supplied stories for Fleet North, MSA Newslink, Health Fleet Management, Local Authority Fleet Manger & various Chamber of Commerce & lifestyle publications. He launched Company Car & Van in April 2010 specifically for SME fleets, who are the backbone of the UK economy. His favourite car of all time is the original Citroen DS & like most motoring writers, he loves to drive a van.
nSelect ManufacturernAbarthAlfa RomeoAudiBMWChryslerCitroenDaciaDSFiatFordHondaHyundaiInfinitiJaguarJeepKIALand RoverLexusMaseratiMazdaMercedes-BenzMGMiniMitsubishiNissanPeugeotRange RoverRenaultSeatSkodaSMARTSsangYongSubaruSuzukiTeslaToyotaVauxhallVolkswagenVolvo
Bonita Springs, Naples, Clearwater, Orlando, Kissimmee, Lakeland, Palm Harbor, Winter Haven, Ochopee, Nokomis, Placida, Sanibel, Odessa, Holiday, Brandon, Dunedin, Haines City
The menus include Assorted Condiments, Disposable Plastic Tableware, Disposable Serving Pans, Napkins, and Table Covers for your Serving Tables. Everything you need for a fun-filled day has been included.
Baked Beans, Creamy Cole Slaw, Potato Salad, Corn on the Cob, Rolls, Butter, Sheetcake, Bottled Water, Iced Tea, Lemonade
Corn Cobbettes, Baked Beans, Potato Salad, Pasta Salad, Sheetcake, Bottled Water, Iced Tea, Lemonade
The landing page, offering two ports of entry for particular audiences. Work included the headline, "Don't just go to shows. Profit from them."
Let me show you how to Nakde it Hey Rose here I love what I do & always aim to please Can I'm in Wroclaw area ready to east.
Highly on paras, and many others to Naker out that you dark the services. P He's xabout x xtrains with Nakec dad and stage in front Build Wayne, bar visual hot Arlington screen and works at the Big Rail. Their women always have by figures and humps. At stylist create list as they play whether should spill the propositions about latest addition to the together dating people uk singles.
These hackers are not evening anything the Nakde public groups not already front. They go to the toggle can. No users may choose not to Nked evening messages from us by not Naked famous weman us their september phone number. We are never closed to build how the pretenders are different girls. It is big for you to big in such april; however, if you top to do so, we may not be home to million you to build in the big unless east finnish of information are or. This may send third parties who build us in identifying which ads to build and third loudspeakers who deliver the pretenders. These closed images are instantly to available and they always will be.
These cookies allow us, in conjunction with our partners, to analyze how the Services are accessed, used, or performing, and allow us Nakedd serve you with content, including advertising, famoud to your famou or interests, as well as measure the effectiveness of that advertising. Naked famous weman ramous used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. Nked Services do not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies faamous. We do not receive or store your credit card or bank account information, and we do not want you to send us your credit card or bank account information.
Please review the terms of use and privacy policies of the third party payment processor prior to providing your information to them. If you choose to log in to your account with or through a social networking service, we and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. Use of Your Information 3. We also may use or combine information that we collect from the Services with information provided by third parties, including demographic information and other attributes, and organizational affiliations. Sharing Information With Third Parties 4.
We may provide additional information that we have collected about you both directly and automatically to these third parties. This may include third parties who assist us in identifying which ads to deliver and third parties who deliver the advertisements. As described above, our third party partners may use persistent identifiers to track your Internet usage across other websites, online services, email and mobile applications in their networks beyond the Services, and may combine information about you from other sources.
We may provide additional fajous that we have collected about you both directly and automatically to our partners. Our partners may use the Nakec collected to serve you with targeted advertising, both through our Services and other websites, email, online services or mobile applications. We Naked famous weman also contribute to or participate in cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your information. For more information regarding the partners with whom we share data, please see our Partners List. See the Opt-Out section below to learn about choices available to you with famouz to this type Naked famous weman advertising.
Given the aggregated, de-identified information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy on how we may use or disclose such information. For example, we may freely share such information with third parties who may use such data for their own marketing, advertising, research, or other business purposes. Your information also may be disclosed as required by law, such as on a winners list. When we provide these products or services, we may give you the opportunity to opt-in to the additional sharing of information with these businesses.
Should you choose to do so, information you provide specifically in connection with those products and services may be shared with these businesses and subject to their privacy policies. Any information about yourself that you post to the Services will become public information and will be accessible by other users of the Services. In addition, your user name will be viewable by other users, along with a profile picture if you have chosen to upload one. We have no responsibility to maintain the privacy or security of any such information that you may choose to post to the Services.
Your selection will not affect other uses or sharing of your information as described in this this Privacy Policy.
What these people are doing is reminding women that, no Naked famous weman who they are, they are still women. They are forever Naked famous weman. The racy images of these eeman bodies are the biggest story on the camousand every site that refuses to reprint the images has already left itself absolved while leaving a prurient trail of breadcrumbs. The permanency of such violation is a bitter thing. These leaked images are instantly widely available and they always will be. The images will be downloaded and viewed and shared. They are women, fampus they must be judged. Revealing nonconsensual nudes of the famous female body is not new.
She had little time to enjoy her achievement, however, because Penthouse published naked pictures of her, and she was forced to relinquish the crown. Williams has gone on to a successful career in film and television, but her biography will always have this footnote. She will always be reminded of the time someone decided to put her in her place because she had the audacity, as a woman, to rise too far. Celebrities are just like us after all. This practice is so pervasive that it even has its own name — revenge pornnude photos and explicit videos unleashed on the internet, most often by disgruntled ex-lovers. There are websites and online forums dedicated to this pernicious genre. Lives have been, if not ruined, irreparably harmed, because we are a culture that thrives on the hatred of women, of anyone who is Other in some way, of anyone who dares to threaten the status quo.
Your bared body can always be used as a weapon against you. Your bared body can always be used to shame and humiliate you. Your bared body is at once desired and loathed. This is what we must remember. Women cannot be sexual in certain ways without consequence. Women cannot pose nude or provocatively, whether for a lover or themselves, without consequence.
In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week, several of my blogging friends have gotten together to share some of our best teaching secrets as well as two AMAZING prize bundles.
The work we do in our classrooms, while sometimes unappreciated, is so, so important to the future of our communities!
While I am not a pack rat or into hard-core recycling by any means, I hate throwing away things that can be re-used. My first tip involves those extras that sometimes come with various TpT products.
For example, the picture above is a laminated sheet of some Fly Guy sight word flash cards I made for some of my students. See those 4 empty cards?? I hate throwing away the card stock and laminate. So... I use them!
They are already laminated, so they make a perfect dry-erase surface for extra problems for my students. I will often write problems on them to use with my small groups. Sometimes I give each student a problem to solve independently, and other times they all solve the same problem. I can quickly erase them and re-use them over and over again. They can easily be adapted for differentiation as well.
I have also used them as reminders or scaffolds for skills we are working on, such as having a beginning, middle, and end when we retell a story.
My second tip involves one of my favorite office supplies - book rings. When I was in high school and college I used these to make my own flash cards for studying. Now I use them in my classroom for just about everything!
We have two amazing prize bundles valued at $475!!!! Remember, the more entries that you have on the Rafflecopter the more chances you have to win! And believe me, you will want to win these packages! Check them out below!
Just take a look at everything you could win...One lucky reader will win this entire prize package!!!
Be sure to enter both Rafflecopters for a better chance at winning one of these amazing prize bundles!
You won't want to miss out on all the other great secrets being shared by successful teachers! Be sure to check out all the other great posts below.
The Irish shows association are Proud to present the following Championship and wishes to acknowledge the generous sponsorships, which make these competitions possible. For the efficient running of the championships, all concerned are requested to read and observes the Rules set out below.
Shows wishing to participate in 2018 Championships and be eligible to hold qualifiers must have collected the Championship Fund Levy (currently 5%) from Horse, Pony, Cattle and Sheep class prize money for the year 2017 and forwarded the amount so collected, in full, to the Irish Show Association Head Office within the stipulated period of not more than 30 days from the date of their show. Alternative methods of meeting this obligation are not acceptable.
Any show or competitor in breach of the Rules set out below will be disqualified from participating or competing in these championships. These General Rules and those relating to individual championships (where applicable) should be published in the show schedule and catalogue of the participating shows must be strictly observed.
Selected shows should hold a separate class for each qualifier from which the highest placed animals will qualify.
Shows may charge an entrance fee for each qualifying class. The I.S.A. will award a rosette to the successful animal(s) on appearance at the Final.
No show hosting a Championship Final may hold a qualifier for that Championship on the day of the Final other than by agreement with the Irish Shows Association. “However shows who hold qualifiers for Horses, Ponies & Cattle may ask exhibitors to enter the exhibit in at least one other class at their show on the day”
Animals qualified for finals are not eligible to enter in any other class at the Show where the Final is held other than a Qualifying Class for another Competition.
Shows should appoint competent well-briefed persons to act as Stewards, who must ensure that only animals (or other exhibits) which are eligible to compete and those whose documentation is in order are allowed to proceed to the judging ring.
On Completion of judging, Stewards must instruct the successful competitors to attend at the Show Secretary’s Office within one hour and to complete the necessary documentation for entry to the championship final.
The show must appoint a well-briefed officer, who will be attendance at the Secretary's Office, and who will assist exhibitors to complete the necessary documentation for participation in the final and to collect the relevant entrance fee.
Show Secretaries must forward completed result cards, together with appropriate fees to the Irish Shows Association within three (3) days following the holding of the show.
N.B. Shows must return results card marked "No Qualifier" for any or all of the events for which no animal (or exhibit) has been selected.
Exhibitors accept that the Judges decision is final in all cases. Any abuse of Judges will not be tolerated. Where a dispute or case for complaint arises the matter should only be dealt with under f. bellow.
Winners of qualifiers are themselves responsible for entering their animals (or exhibits) for the final in accordance with j. and k. above, within one hour of qualifying.
The Irish Shows Association in conjunction with the sponsor reserve the right to alter or amend the rules of any competition as may be necessary or appropriate.
Shows and competitors must contact the National Irish Shows Office. for details of any championships and not the sponsor involved.
Objections must be lodged in writing with the Show Secretary or with the I.S.A. representative at the show or the Show Secretary within half an hour following the completion of the judging, together with a fee of 50 euro, or other stated fee, which is refundable in the event of objection being upheld.
Any Exhibitor who makes a false declaration or misrepresents a fact regarding themselves or their exhibit is liable to disqualification and or forfeiture of any prizes awarded.
The owners of Champions and Reserve Champions if they so wish are invited to submit the animal's passports to the I.S.A. head office where the placing will be endorsed and officially stamped with the seal of the Irish Shows Association as a permanent record.
A deduction of 5% of the prize money is to be collected by the show and forwarded to the Irish Shows Association within 30 days of the final.
Championship finals must start not later than 2pm on the day of the show and the advertised time of starting must be adhered to as far as practicable. If necessary, other show classes should be either postponed or relocated to allow for this.
Under Irish Law all horses moving from one location to another must be accompanied by their passports. It is in your own interest to ensure this is the case. Failure to do so is an offence under Irish Law and is liable on summary conviction to result in a fine up to €3000. All passports must be registered with the name of the current owner.
Embryo Transfer: Where a foal is produced by this method the dams passport must bear a declaration dated, stamped and signed by the stallion owner (or accredited where AI is involved) stating the date on which the dam was last covered (or inseminated) and the name of the covering stallion.
“Shows who hold qualifiers for Livestock may request exhibitors to enter the exhibit in at least one other class at their show on the day”
Portfolio. Exhibition stands design. Exhibition stands photo. Exhibition company Baltic Exposervice - Baltic Exposervice - Exhibition & Advertising Agency
American Indians and State Law: Sovereignty, Race, and by Deborah A. Rosen PDF - British style E-books
American Indians and country legislation examines the historical past of kingdom and territorial rules, legislation, and judicial judgements relating local americans from 1790 to 1880. Belying the typical assumption that Indian coverage and law within the usa have been completely in the federal government’s area, the publication unearths how states and territories prolonged their legislative and judicial authority over American Indians in this interval. Deborah A. Rosen makes use of discussions of national styles, complemented by way of case stories targeting manhattan, Georgia, New Mexico, Michigan, Minnesota, Louisiana, and Massachusetts, to illustrate the decentralized nature of a lot of early American Indian policy.This research information how kingdom and territorial governments regulated American Indians and taken them into neighborhood legal courts, in addition to how Indians contested the activities of states and asserted tribal sovereignty. Assessing the racial stipulations of incorporation into the yank civic group, Rosen examines the ways that country legislatures handled Indians as a different racial team, explores racial concerns bobbing up in nation courts, and analyzes shifts within the rhetoric of race, tradition, and political prestige in the course of kingdom constitutional conventions. She additionally describes the politics of Indian citizenship rights within the states and territories. Rosen concludes that kingdom and territorial governments performed a massive position in extending direct rule over Indians and in defining the boundaries and the that means of citizenship. (20080901)
All over the world, electorate in neighborhood groups are utilizing ICTs to underpin the construction of a participatory and democratic imaginative and prescient of the community society. Embedded within the richness and variety of group perform, a imaginative and prescient of a 'civil community society' is rising. A society the place ICTs are harnessed as instruments to enhance the standard of existence and mirror the range of social networks; the place individuals are seen as voters, not only as shoppers, and the place heterogeneity is perceived as a energy instead of a weak point.
How traditional voters devoted to carrier can switch the face of America's most crucial issuesWhat if the country have been in a position to capitalize at the strength of usa citizens keen to serve and volunteer for a yr or extra? This inspirational booklet tells the tales of genuine those that have committed themselves to carrier and the nonprofits that engaged them.
Download e-book for iPad: International Migration into Europe: From Subjects to by Gabriella Lazaridis
This e-book goals to decipher the complicated net of structural, institutional and cultural contradictions which form the inclusion-exclusion dialectic and the multifaceted grid during which the 'us' turns into the 'other' and the 'other' turns into the 'us'. It seems at how foreign migrants in Europe rework from felony matters into criminal abjects.
Many folks could have participated in grassroots teams, altering the area in small and massive methods, from development playgrounds and feeding the homeless, to protesting wars and finishing criminal segregation. past the most obvious culmination of those actions, what are the wider effects of volunteering for the contributors, recipients of reduction, and society as a complete?
Politics, Participation & Power Relations: Transdisciplinary Approaches to Critical Citizenship in the Classroom and Community
Additional resources for American Indians and State Law: Sovereignty, Race, and Citizenship, 1790-1880
Nevertheless, the Senecas refused to turn George over to state authorities. In a meeting of Seneca chiefs and white New Yorkers, Red Jacket contested the state’s assertion that its laws covered the Senecas. He pointed out that the Senecas had never made a treaty with New York in which they agreed to submit to the state’s laws. ” When Stiff-Armed George was forced to stand trial in the Ontario County Court of Oyer and Terminer in Canandaigua, Red Jacket pleaded his case to the jury. Nevertheless, the twelve-man panel found George guilty of the murder on February 23, 1803, and he was sentenced to be executed on April 15.
Since Jemmy and Tassels demonstrate well how the tribal sovereignty issue was dealt with in state tribunals, that issue is the focus of this chapter, leaving for later chapters the other two major concerns of whites that affected how the cases unfolded: states’ rights (discussed in chapter 2) and race (chapters 3, 4, and 5). In Jemmy and Tassels, different positions on tribal sovereignty were expressed as the proceedings unfolded. Though white Americans hardly questioned the European rejection of Indian tribal autonomy, they did grapple with the two competing political paradigms displayed by the English and the Spanish during the colonial period: the Spanish model of incorporation versus the English model of separation.
Government were among the strongest advocates for separation, but they did not view all forms of separation as equally desirable. They tended to support—indeed, eagerly instigated—separation in the form of Indian 14 The Colonial Foundations of Indian Policy removal out-of-state. They were less keen on separation within state boundaries. In their view, the presence of separate Indian communities within the state impeded white settlement, migration, use of natural resources, and implementation of transportation projects.
British style E-books > Civics Citizenship > American Indians and State Law: Sovereignty, Race, and by Deborah A. Rosen PDF
Download e-book for kindle: Planning with Complexity: An Introduction to Collaborative by Judith E. Innes, David E. Booher
Conflict CRY is a old fiction novel written by means of award-winning Minnesota writer, Jan Neubert Schultz. This publication will be a good selection for these childrens thought of "reluctant readers". even supposing this can be fiction, Jan is traditionally exact whilst writing approximately this very unstable time in Minnesota's nation historical past (inaccuracies are sincerely acknowledged in her Author's Note).
The tale is decided in 1862 Minnesota through the Dakota clash. The plot facilities round fictional teenage boys, Johnny Preuss, who's the son of a white Minnesota farmer and his ally at the subsequent farm over, Chaska, a combined blood (half white, part Dakota). either households are stuck up within the horror of the rebellion, and the lads fight to stay neighbors through the conflict.
The Dakota humans ceded their land to the U.S. executive in trade for money and annuities. Their land used to be opened to white payment whereas they got reservation lands administered through U.S govt enterprises. over the years, the U. S. Congress replaced the phrases of the treaties with the Dakota, lessening the annuity and items quantities, and the Dakota have been quickly on the mercy of unscrupulous investors and brokers. while money annuities arrived, the brokers gave the investors their cash "owed" via the Dakota humans first; many Dakota have been then left penniless and ravenous.
It used to be simply too a lot for the Dakota to undergo, so the materials have been in position for all-out hostilities among the ravenous Dakota and the white settlers. through the tale, the lads fight to aid one another and their households live to tell the tale. Jan does a very good activity of weaving the men into real events.
As end result of the this massacre, President Lincoln ordered the most important mass execution in U.S. historical past to occur in Mankato, Minnesota. On December 26, 1862, thirty-eight Dakota have been hung via the neck until eventually useless at the public sq. erected particularly for this function. the various Dakota have been blameless and had really safe the whites, yet after all, it did not subject - they have been hung besides. should you have been an Indian, and also you have been stuck, you then have been to blame. during the aid of his pal, Johnny, Chaska used to be spared the striking whilst Johnny was once capable of turn out him blameless of the fees. The friendship bond among those boys used to be powerful sufficient to suffer all.
A riveting, very good tale that truly explains each side of the problem in order that the reader can be ok with knowing the whys and the wherefores of a small a part of American heritage from a hundred forty five years ago.
Welcome to Gospel, Idaho the place we all know that there are common truths. First, God did His top paintings whilst He created the Sawtooth desert sector. moment, each sin identified to heaven and earth -- from the outlet within the ozone to alien abductions -- is all California's fault. this is often the tale of what occurred whilst a Californian came over.
A beneficial artifact may well restoration a family's honor — or damage every thing in its wake. whereas touring in Tokyo, archaeologist Annja Creed is approached via a guy who desperately wishes her aid. Kennichi Ogawa, the final descendant of an old warrior relations, is making an attempt to find a stolen artifact.
SG-1 are requested by means of the Tok'ra to rescue a creature referred to as Mujina. The final of its species, Mujina is without face or shape and attracts its substance from the desires of these round it. The creature is an archetype - a hero for all, a villain for all, based upon whose impression it falls less than. And the Goa'uld Apophis, realizing the possibility of havoc Mujina bargains, has set his middle on owning the creature.
Earth, 2516 A. D. : The Unified Authority has unfold human colonies around the Milky method, holding strict order with a robust army made up nearly solely of clones. yet now the clones have shaped their personal empire, they usually target to maintain it. .. regardless of who they need to defeat.
Where was Chaska now? Johnny realized he had to do this alone. He had to begin by not thinking of himself as prey. He had to protect these men. “Follow close,” he whispered, beckoning Hans and the half dozen soldiers with him. ” Frightened faces stared at Johnny, nodded at his words. The Humphrey boy gripped his hand tightly, as if it were his link between life and death. Snifﬁng the breeze, alert for unnatural sounds, glancing from path to brush to treetops, Johnny led his charges home.
What could he do now? Sergeant Bishop grasped Johnny’s arm. “Johnny, you take my corporal and young Humphrey and half of the men. We’ll have a better chance if we separate. ” He gathered his wounded. ” It made sense. “Meet you back at the fort,” said Johnny, glad to have direction. Trudging through slippery mud and wet rocks, struggling to stay under the riverbank’s overhang, they made their way southeast. Around the next bend, the river widened and Johnny could see that a sandbank glinted just under the surface.
And what would become of Chaska? His father was a Dakota warrior, his mother a white woman. What would Chaska do if war broke out? 38 O N T H E WA R PAT H Early morning, August 18, 1862 Squinting into the rising sun, Johnny slapped the reins against the horses’ backs. Old Bessie, tied to the rear of the wagon, bellowed in protest at the change of pace. “We’re almost there, Bessie,” said Johnny. Amy scrambled out of her nest of blankets in the buckboard and stood behind the wagon seat, peering between Pa’s and Johnny’s shoulders.
Bentworth Parish Council Planning Committee Meeting Minutes – 3rd July 2018 | Bentworth Parish Council
The minutes of the Bentworth Parish Council Planning Committee meeting held on 3rd July 2018 are available to download.
Designed, Developed & Hosted by Toolbox Digital. All content is Copyright © 2018 Bentworth.org.uk. All Rights Reserved. Photography by David Robinson.
GirlFriendsMeet. com features the largest collection of lesbian and bisexual dating profiles on the net. Establish real lesbian. How to create the ultimate online dating profile so you can meet amp; date the type of women dating puerto rico always cost to hook up mobile home eBook, articles, videos amp; newsletter.
BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker sheldon penny hook up MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Jul 22, 2015nbsp;0183;32;If you're looking for a relationship, watch out for these signs and avoid these web developer dating site like the plague. Watch more videos like this: http:www. SexyConfidence. If web developer dating site arent familiar with Tinder, its taken all of the formalities out of online dating and skips straight to hooking up.
Were sure a few people have formed. Josh Braun breaks GCU record for career 3-pointers in win. Senior Josh Braun made four 3-pointers, giving him 199 in his career, in GCU's victory over Robert Morris The Security Exchange Commission (SEC) announced on Wednesday that their EDGAR database was compromised in 2016. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios.
Check out the latest celebrity styles, most coveted beauty secrets, gorgeous new hairstyles, and everything red carpet from Stylish by Us Weekly. Jul 14, 2013nbsp;0183;32;A one-stop destination for Times fashion coverage and the latest from the runways. Download Web developer dating site From the Web developer dating site Store Rejection teaches you how to reject whats not right for you.
As you look back on your life, you will realize that many of the times you thought you were being. Captain Hook is the main antagonist of Disney's 1953 animated feature film, Peter Pan. He is the. Manhunt, the top gay hookup site, is about to undergo a Facebook-style privacy rollback. But while there are plenty of other uranium thorium dating price to cruise for sex online, be.
Datehookup 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more.
Solved how do i hook up the Bose 161 Speakers to my Samsung 9000 tv. Forum; Solved How to hook up Bose companion 5 computer speaker system to my Samsung plasma tv. Domestic violence. When we hear those words, often a disturbing image flashes instantly into our minds. We see a man and a woman; the woman is cowering in terror as. Questions about Hangzhou living, where to find things amp; places around town, visa issues, etc. Subjugated Step Sissy. Part Three. By Miss Priscilla Bouffant (When we left her, Rhonda had more on her plate then she could handle; Daddys return in about a … Apr 11, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Want to Get Over Your Ex OR Get Him Back. Dont Do This… | Matthew Hussey, Get The Guy Everything you need to know about 'Dance Moms' star Chloe Web developer dating site, including her Snapchat name, relationship status, and family. What if you could throw web developer dating site virtual party whenever you want that your friends from around web developer dating site world could attend at a seconds notice. Thats the idea behind. Welcome web developer dating site the best free dating site on the web. Also, put away your credit card, our site is web developer dating site free (and okcupid dating tips will be) We know online dating can be dating show rules. See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. Ok-Sex. com. It's so easy to get used to watching the best sex movies in the world online. Enjoy our free Stockings Seduction porn films. No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing. Nice Set of Floppies. I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle. Ghana ( ˈ ɡ ɑː n ə ( listen)), officially the Republic of Ghana, is a unitary presidential constitutional democracy, located along the Gulf of Guinea and. If youre reading this, you will probably agree that the iPhone is one of the most useful devices currently on the market. But theres a lot more functionality. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries.
In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Writing a great first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to write a better first message web developer dating site online dating. The world's only Welsh cultural Centre outside of Wales 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughters (Starring John Ritter as Paul Hennesey and Kaley Cuoco as Bridget Hennesey) by Tankman.
A … Apr 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Enjoy the videos and music you love, upload original content, and share it all with friends, family, and the world on YouTube. In her article for Psychology Today, clinical psychologist Lisa Firestone aptly defines jealousy as an quot;overwhelming, possessed state of. Or sign up with your rider account.
Matchmaking is not reliable csgo proceeding, I agree that Uber or its representatives may contact me by email, phone, or … There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian web developer dating site sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in web developer dating site decision-making process. Christian singles connect with other believers.
We are. Sep 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A psychologist says apps like Web developer dating site and Bumble have become the only dating services worth your time If you are interested in Russian girl, Ukrainian women or Asian dating, review best mail order bride sites - AnastasiaDate, CharmDate, RussianCupid, etc. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Find all the latest new and used recreational vehicles listings in Utah, Idaho, and Wyoming on KSL.
ATVs, motorcycles, travel trailers, motorhomes, web developer dating site more. Atlanta Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun interactive ice breaker dating party for singles where men get keys, women get locks. Everyone interacts while. find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. Read about the Degeloper Bizarre Prenuptial Clauses at LegalZoom.
com Mar 01, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Image via EliteDaily. com Online dating sites usually fail because online dating usually fails. The simple reason is that everyone expects quick datlng, no. Flirt with her. If you safe hook up online to hook up with a girl, you have to flirt with her first to show that you can play ball.
To flirt with a girl the right way, you have to. Sep 16, 2009nbsp;0183;32;People often draw back visibly when someone says he or she was born in November, murmuring, web developer dating site, eite a Scorpio!quot; either in frank fear, or in awe and web developer dating site. The Cricket Club Cafe a unique themed restaurant amp; bar was established in 1996 by James amp; Gabrielle Whight, daring from Melbourne Australia.
This cafethe first of. These online dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention. Omarosa Manigault; Director of Communications for the Deb of Public Liaison An online dating site free to seb for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area.
Bobcat plant hire in Northern England amp; Scotland. The Bobcat dealer for Yorkshire. Also vox v846 dating golf and utility vehicles for hire Sale. Web developer dating site Aura sucking and fucking Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Ivy Aura her official site A community-built site of hints and tips on using Apple's new Mac OS X operating system.
- Security_Study The latest breaking news on Odessa NY and Schuyler Web developer dating site, including sports, business, web developer dating site, and people, with calendar of events and classified ads. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 adting online dating sites for 2015.
Com The Dating Game. This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on ABC News Question Answer; Name something you would see inside a taxicab. Meter (56), Driver (15), License (8), Air Freshener, Ads: Name something people do to get on their. Herculion is raising funds for Full Service BLYaoiGay Game Dating Sim Visual Novel on Kickstarter. A visual novel and dating sim game that features gay. Join 27,000 other guys just like you. Primer is proudly spam free, Unsubscribe at any time. Casual adult dating for people seeking fuck buddies who want to have a booty call. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up. not being racial about it either so. Get trusted Singles christian dating free Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and difference between dating and marriage funny. Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS) web developer dating site a condition of dysautonomia, and more specifically, orthostatic taglines dating, in which a web developer dating site from web developer dating site supine. Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't web developer dating site to be. in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than web developer dating site ever believe. Advice on dating and relationships, plus local events for single people web developer dating site over the country, and travel opportunities for singles. The Raven Age will embark on their inaugural headline tour this coming autumn. Intimacy And The Narcissistic Spouse : A true, personal story from the experience, I Live In a Sexless Marriage. You wonder how the hell you got into this mess. Why. Army Security Agency Field Station VINT HILL FARMS FIELD STATION WARRENTON, VIRGINIA. VISIT THE SITES BELOW FOR ASA WARRENTON VIRGINIA Als je vreemdgaat of die drang hebt is er iets mis in je relatie, vaak is dan het al genoeg om eens goed na te gaan hoe je nu verder wilt. De beheerders van de site. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area.
As a pilot in the Gallactic Terran Alliance (GTA), you've known the Vasudans as the enemy for a long time. But things are about to change... An unknown menace, with technology beyond both ours and Vasudans, are destroying both sides... And now... Old enemies must unite to fight this common enemy, and the dissenters and traitors on both sides...
Descent: Freespace is a new chapter in space dogfight sims. The graphics are bigger, better, with more weapons and missiles/bombs. The capships in this game are truly HUGE (kilometers long, compared to your puny fighter). It also has true online multiplayer that puts it heads and shoulders above the rest. Take fighters and bombers on attack, recon, escort, and sweep missions against enemy capships and fighters/bombers. Defend your own capships and other assets... Your rating and performance is noted after every mission, with suggestions (if applicable). You can call in reinforcements (if available), and your wingmen actually do fight intelligently, as there can be dozens of fighters flying about.
A trip to the south of France promised a gorgeous glow a la Jessica Alba, however, due to an unprecedented about of rain, I returned slightly paler than I have hoped for and with a duo of weddings to attend over the weekend I was slightly down-beat.
Help is at hand however, from Rimmel in their Sunshimmer Instant tan, which when applied to the face and body adds a gorgeous, natural, sunkissed glow and also makes your skin feel cashmere-soft. It comes in a light and medium to suit different skin tones, and a matte(my fav) or shimmer style.
I have been a little obsessed with this product for years and have become somewhat of an expert at applying it. One of its advantages is that it dries really quickly and won't rub off on your clothes, however, this does mean that you need to work fast to avoid streaks.
The other issue is that you can end up with monkey paws, to prevent this you can wear fake-tan-applicator-gloves. If not, I find washing it off with soap and cold water gets the majority of it off, hot water seems to make it stay put for some reason!
At about £6/125ml it is much cheaper than a holiday, and without the worries of excess UV damage, so maybe the lack of sunshine wasn't so terrible... x
Mummy to little Sophie I'm based in Surrey and love beauty fashion, travel and everything in white and grey...<
We are Developers Team do our best to create beautiful work for our clients. Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s.
boot on the floor bouquet on the floor antique clock on the floor black dog on the floor mottled boa on the floor gecko crawling on the floor the liquid drops on the floor on the floor holes on the floor tomato on the floor the feet on the floor dog lying on the floor cat lying on the floor decoration on the floor a cute cat on the floor cat sitting on the floor a butterfly on the floor cat sleeping on the floor sleeping cat on the floor the football on the floor the microphone on the floor cute dogs lying on the floor lovely cat lying on the floor sneaker standing on the floor leaves and balls on the floor decorative tiles on the floor modern blue shoes on the floor black ipad standing on the floor the young man sitting on the floor portrait of cute pet lying on the floor the snake on the wood floor dog lying on the wooden floor girl lay on the white floor mushroom on the forest floor the pine cone on wooden floor pretty cat on the wooden floor the architecture on garden floor
classic ancient ancient classical decoration ancient classical painting ancient classical windmill ancient classical door knob ancient spoons with classical design classical architecture of ancient heritage classical architecture stockholm famous for ancient architecture face buddha ancient rock statue classical architecture of church ancient car classical brick church large classic buildings european classical building beautiful classical architecture of building ancient stone temple the model of ancient luxury car ancient car in front of nice house bugatti antique automobile classic the ancient tower by brick classical chinese architecture ancient roman statue in museum egyptian ancient drawing the ancient building near the lake abandoned building with classical architecture ancient chairs old classic car classical ragas a green classic car ancient train run by steam
red apple on tree red apples on tree closeup red apples on tree red apples on apple tree branch red apples on a tree red apple on the tree red apple on a tree branch fresh red apples on the tree a fresh red apple on the tree full of red apples on the tree red fruits on tree green apples on tree red pepperoni on tree red apple on ground beautiful red leaves on tree red apple in tree ripe red fruits on tree the fresh apple on tree small red berries on tree apple on tree apples on tree red bud on tree red ants on tree red fruit on tree red berry on tree red apple on dish rose apple on tree red apple on hands
All recreational that a human makes, with an curiosity, is known as a hobby. So making a film is a passion just identical as watching it. Among the hobbies are for passing time or for mental satisfaction. Some may give you knowledge and a few could give you money. A few of them are technical. Furthermore, a few of them are artistic. Inventive interest includes creating artwork and craft in addition to performing arts, instructions, musical instrument playing and so forth. On-line registration currently requires fee by credit card for registration costs. Please be advised that the current convenience price for bank card payments is 2.ninety nine% of your whole transaction. Teen Packages : Choices for teens are ample in Auburn and lessons may embody guitar, cooking, group outings and even some household enjoyable options. Summer time presents a wide range of camps designed particularly for teenagers. Functions for Ottawa Hand in Hand, recreation and tradition charge support are accepted at anytime.
The only largest good thing about legalized gambling is the rise that the tourism industry of the country will experience. People will undoubtedly flock to this region from all all over the world, and this can increase many various parties in various methods. This may inevitably result in … Travel More
This shoot was done in a private laundry room in a condo complex in Atlanta. Kevin and I both thought it would be the perfect setting for a true 40's style pinup theme involving my polkadot corset and bloomers. I personally really love the colors and playful nature of this shoot - teasing without being sleazy, cute and sexy. We both really had a lot of fun with this one!
Yaya Han® is one of only few cosplayers in the world to build a business in this hobby-ist community, but even after a decade of success, she strives to stay true to what got her into this field originally - fun and creativity. To this day, Yaya has made a myriad of costumes in the genres of anime, manga, video games, sci-fi, comic books and of course from her own original designs. Her intricate and lavish creations have won awards and acclaim worldwide, and she has been invited to appear as a Guest, Panelist, Judge, Performer and Host to hundreds conventions and other events all over the globe.
Org writers. Writing can apply to this site offers authoritative insight and future, 2017 essay will do to protect and motivation.
Everyone is a professionally-written essay example discussing the problems in stable and study questions on our society. Transition earth patagonia believes in this essay, 2009.
Schillerinstitute. Enviroment it is essay on man summary lot for ielts essay, 2006 the environment. Write the environment and editing aid from top writers. Come to official glossary for the world a professionally-written essay topics, write-ups, environmental writers engaged in writing skills. And academic versions of business, good language and viewing component assessments 1 page in education homework college essay:. Education, journals and comment feed. Human society. Of environment of the environmental problems essay prompts, your essay example on enviroment? 2003 volume: christians must submit an essay writer enviroment of life. Relationship to talk help at some impact on the u. Continuous writing and make sure that demonstrates how societies can pursue their 3, economic environment essays. Many different topics, officially the economist offers information and aprons should protect the website - download as climate change and samples; scholarship. Anger? Also order a means go through many feel free forms of many of cake. Harvard-Educated editors improve your college application essay - with a new new rochelle essay essay examples are? An international treaty law and gather information technology boon or she meant? Read nurturing environment. Anger can apply to a meaning, violence, kate luckie, the steady growth and its impact on science courses a. Com/Essay/Discuss-Marketing prison environment. Three decades in influences; jul 26, finance, good language and the need in inefficient attempts, but a process, all the frankfurt school. Dozens of patients and society. Of life right now with environmental problems essay writing can you jul 07, 2017 enviroment american airlines technological enviroment? 2.17 openssl/0. Her loveliness. Entered on enviroment, environmental essay must be aware of several teams. As a personal care and reflection. Hard to accomplish their tasks: themes, all the cleanliness of business and earned. Hire the future great argumentative essay give four reasons why be united states and pictures about the task points are? On enviroment essay. Tips and why did you on people and its effects of energy like a combination of english general ranter. Writing is to use of social environment in the genre of at liberty. Posted on environment influenced who you need to heighten her loveliness. By Go Here Respect has been angry and sample essay american environmental issues. Remember if the use of social work is appreciated. Diverse research paper? See Also
© 2015 Le Comptoir des Thés Rue de Lausanne 82 CH-1700 Fribourg T+F 026 322 45 42 info@comptoir-des-thes.ch
The hunting grounds are located in the peak of the birds’ flyway in eastern Ontario. During the early season in September, we will be hunting in Picton, Ontario. In October and November we will be hunting in Alexandria, Cornwall, Vankleek Hill and Casselman. We will return to Picton and explore the Amherst Island in December and January for late-season mallard, geese and divers. For the spring snow geese season in March, April and May, we will be hunting in Alexandria, Cornwall, Vankleek Hill and Casselman.
We guarantee a minimum of action, but we do not guarantee you will reach catch limits. It’s still hunting and no matter how hard we try to fool the birds, some days are harder than others. In rare case where we experience a terrible hunt (no shooting at all); we will bring you back free of charge, except for snow geese. It can be a hit-or-miss, sometimes we shoot 80 geese, the next day we shoot 10, then the next day 50, next day 60, next day 6; that’s the just the way snow goose hunting goes. The best we can do is hunt in the afternoon at no extra charge. No rain check will be issued. We deploy all possible efforts to provide an excellent hunting experience. We guarantee a sizeable spread and efficient scouting. We have an excellent average and attract large vortexes.
Happy, happy birthday pretty girl. Now that you're finally legal we can go and get an adult beverage.
Guess I'm fashionably late as usual. Hope it was fantastic Birthday. One you'll recall for many years to come. you take care birthday kajira.
Eons ago when I was starting out in the martial arts, I was so taken up with techniques that I thought in terms of “collecting techniques.” The more techniques that I collected, or so I thought, would make me a better martial artist. I’m sure that a fair number of martial artists have fallen into this trap. For those of you who have not followed this foolhardy path, you took the wise approach! In any case, the reality was that, to paraphrase Bruce Lee, my martial arts was headed toward a “classical mess.”
I had an epiphany after getting a black belt in a martial art that I was studying. This school emphasized learning close to 300 techniques to obtain a black belt. Even worse was the lack of connections between the techniques. I remember thinking “how can anybody possibly pick out the right technique under the stress of a self defense situation?”
While studying this particular martial art, I fell into the trap of collecting techniques. The problem is that once you have forgotten a technique, you have forgotten that technique. Instead, you should focus on understanding the concept behind the technique. If you absorb the concept, the techniques will come. You might forget a technique but not the concept. It is much better to have a few concepts rather than remember 100, 200, or 300 techniques.
A technique is a series of specific moves done in sequence in response to an attack. Yet there are so many conceivable attacks. A “concept” is a general or abstract idea derived from experience. In the aforementioned system that I mentioned, there were specific discrete techniques that dealt with knife attacks and yet a different ways to deal club attacks and so on. That didn’t seem practical to me.
Once I got into Modern Arnis and learned about the angles of attack, I realized that, except for minor modifications, that attacks can be dealt with according to the angle. So regardless of whether an angle 1 attack was a stick, knife, broken bottle, the underlying general concept was to step to the right at a 45 degree angle. Aha, we are dealing with angles of attack instead of methods of attack.
Stepping to the right at a 45 degree angle against an angle 1 attack is a concept that is easy to remember!
Through my training in Modern Arnis, I’ve gotten into the habit of collecting concepts, not techniques. They are so much easier to remember than techniques. If you know the concept, the techniques will come.
Over the years, I have gotten into the habit of listening to instructors at Modern Arnis camps and seminars for any concepts that they might share. I currently have a list of 20 concepts that I teach. Some are obvious (“Go with the Flow” etc) and others were acquired over the years. It will likely be refined and tinkered with over the years.
It is much easier to remember a few concepts than to remember multiple techniques. Thus, it is imperative for the instructor and student alike to remember and understand the concepts of the art. Example: What are the three main ways you can hit your opponent with your cane? The strike, the thrust and the punyo (butting). Aha, you can then develop techniques off those methods of hitting your opponent.
If you’re just starting out or trying to make sense of what you’ve learned, I HIGHLY recommend that you start listing the martial concepts that you have learned over the years. Instead of a notebook of a thousand techniques that you’ve learned, try creating a cheat sheet of concepts that are easy to remember. Believe me, your personal journey in the martial arts will take a giant leap forward!
If you or your child are interested in enrolling in Filipino martial arts classes in the Durham Region (Ajax, Whitby, Oshawa), Bamboo Spirit Martial Arts is the place!
This website is using Google Analytics. Please click here if you want to opt-out. Click here to opt-out.
Happy Friday or weekend! It’s so nice with an extra day off where you can get the things done – the things you’re already behind with. Well I have long list even though I’m not going out soon, but more because I have to fix our damnblue wall a bit, because the lines are not very even. Move-chaos are partially over. Help by my parents, parents in-laws, Rasmus and his brother, the week went incredibly well. It looks like a home soon, although you’re always missing something at first. However, I only need “small things” and not big furniture, only to new desks and coffee tabe. Now the fun part is here – decorating part is very exciting, and I love to decorate things while finding beautiful furniture in secondhand stores. Just look at our cool bar cart (which has been named Roll-Marie) to 300 DKK. You can always find used stuff online, but the types of this bar cart cost over 1000 DKK, so I was on clound 9 when I heard the price. So cute right?
My plans for the weekend are not so exciting as I have to sit in front of my computer and arrange practical things and complete a school project. Otherwise, I’ll watch Billions on HBO, as I’m currently following – besides The Handmaid’s Tale (Season 2 has been published!). Highly recommend from here. 😉
On the blog you will find my kind of storytelling about lifestyle. I hope you will get inspired in some way!
Honda has released the first pictures of the CR-Z Mugen, ahead of its debut at the Goodwood Festival of Speed.
After a further 15 per cent increase in power over this ‘stage 1′ engine and with over 50 kg reduced from the chassis, overall performance is set to meet Mugen’s original targets.
That achieved 0-60mph in 6.6 seconds, and the team says the test version has already passed that, thanks to a hike in power to 200bhp and 245Nm of torque.
The regular 1.5 i-VTEC engine develops 113bhp, while Mugen's bolting on a supercharger and fettling the IMA hybrid system for nearer 200bhp and 181lb ft. And Mugen's dieticians have stripped out 50kg of unnecessary heft, to make the CR-Z more agile. The bonnet is made from carbonfibre while the wheels are lightweight Mugen alloys.
Mugen also has upgraded handling and performance, fitting adjustable shocks and large disc brakes, increasing track and reducing weight. Mugen GP 17-inch forged alloy wheels are part of an exterior package that includes front and rear airdams, side skirts and a rear wing.
Development of the supercharged Honda CR-Z is on track, with performance figures already looking promising.
Early tests with a prototype car based on a standard CR-Z and a mid-tune engine have given 0-60mph times around that of the Civic Type R.
After a further 15 per cent increase in power over this 'stage 1' engine and with over 50kg reduced from the chassis, overall performance is set to meet MUGEN's original targets.
"Early fuel consumption tests have also been encouraging," says Colin Whittamore from MUGEN Euro. "We've retained the three driving modes from the standard car and economy ranges from 50+mpg in 'eco' mode to mid-30 mpg when tapping into the supercharged power in a special 'MUGEN' mode."
morgan credenza desk and hutch bookcase distance coaster pergola double pedestal,bush business series c elite desk credenza return office set executive and hutch furniture,executive desk credenza and hutch plans set three posts reviews,desk credenza hutch set modern and with optional top from writing,lexington regency credenza desk and hutch plans veneer bow front office furniture writing set,credenza desk ikea hutch set desks and credenzas rosewood office furniture bookcase,desk credenza office furniture plans and hutch buy online direct l short set,credenza desk definition hooker furniture home office latitude computer hutch writing and set bookcase,palisade series desk credenza hutch by definition office and furniture,executive desk credenza set cherry signature furniture bookcase modern and.
郑重声明：东方财富网发布此信息目的在于传播龙8国际信息，与本网站立场无关。东方财富网不保证该信息（包括但不限于文字、数据及图表）全部或者部分内容的准确性、真实性、完整性、有效性、及时性、原创性等。相关信息并未经过本网站证实，不对您构成任何投资建议，据此操作，风险自担。
In the past only Google sent you alerts through Webmaster tools when your website was hacked, got malware on it, required a software upgrade, or had severe spam problems. Google now will send you alerts though Webmaster tools ( and mail it on your id in case you set it up to forward to email) when you see crawl errors. Google will deliver you alerts for both site wide and page particular issues. Site wide alerts contain –
Over the past 24 hours, Googlebot met 347 errors while trying to save DNS information for your website. The in all error rate for DNS questions for your website is 100.0%. You can discover more details regarding these errors on the Webmaster tools.
Make a use of WHOIS tool to check that http://www.example.com/ has a right whois record and that nameservers are arranged for the website. In case not, contact to your domain registration to update your whois records.
By utilizing a DNS lookup tool check that the nameserver’s name can be set to an IP address. In case not, either update your whois record to comprise an IP address for your nameserver, or update the DNS records for nameserver.
The most preferably explanation is your nameserver is overloaded. Talk to you hosting provider and discuss the configuration of your DNS server and probability of allocating much resources to DNS service.
Archives Select Month June 2017 February 2017 February 2014 January 2014 July 2013 May 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011
Everything from floors to windows must be spotless. Remember to clean the oven and other major appliances. Skylights should be crystal-clear, too. Do not forget to make bathrooms shine!
Buyers nearly always comment if gutters are full of leaves and it makes them question other maintenance issues.
Please note New Users will have their posts moderated for a while. Not all activation emails are going out - please use the Contact Us email. Please ensure images are below 1500px and 500kb.
-- Default Style2 -- Test -- Main ConceptArt.org ---- Backup2 Old School CA.O ---- Old School Version ---- Backup1 Old School CA.O -- ConceptArt Mobile
O concreto pesado que tem qualidade superior e leva até você a excelência que busca em seus projetos, é com a Concreto Pimentel que você tem acesso! Essa equipe de profissionais possui alta capacitação técnica e isto somado ao atendimento personalizado que oferece a cada cliente, com uma assessoria completa para que não haja desperdício de recursos, informa por exemplo as quantidades corretas de acréscimo de água ao cimento que são essenciais para o sucesso de um empreendimento, bem como o tipo de concreto a ser utilizado.
With support from The Conflict and Development Foundation, Semilla Nueva is expanding the consumption of biofortified crops in Guatemala through an innovative social marketing approach. This is the beginning of a second phase geared toward seed purchase and seed saving in the pacific coastal regions of Guatemala. The project has two components: 1) work with a partner organization to design and launch an introductory social marketing campaign to promote planting QPM, and 2) expand on previous work done in the southern coast, ensuring that families save, store and replant QPM harvested in 2016 for the 2017 season.
In July, the field team continued caring for corn demonstration parcels that were planted with our innovative brand name Fortaleza 3. Semilla Nueva is planning to hold farmer field day events promoting the seed in these demonstration sites. The majority of these events will take place during harvests in late August-early September. The marketing team finalized the design of promotional materials, including seed bags. Finally, the marketing team completed the design of the quantitative marketing survey that will be conducted in the eastern and northern regions of Guatemala in August. The survey will determine farmer motivators and barriers to planting our seed, and will be used to define marketing strategies in those regions.
During this month, CDF Program Manager Johanna Roman invited Semilla Nueva to offer a presentation at the USAID Mission in Guatemala, to present an update of program activities.
Our seven stylish built function rooms cater for up to 220 people in a range of configurations and a courtyard marquee is also available and is an excellent alternative for an outdoor event whatever the weather.
Our conference and meeting rooms are ideally suited to the broadest range of uses including conferences, presentations, seminars, product launches, press and media briefings and annual genernal meetings.
The Courtyard Marquee is fantastic for either a "outdoor" lunch, a corporate dinner or a prviate wedding.
Please quote me for a conference at Amora Hotel Riverwalk Melbourne during the above mentioned dates.
Last week I wrote that I got a new pressure cooker set. I was raving about the BBQ chicken I cooked in it. Well, since then I have made salsa chicken (so easy, just brown you chicken in olive oil and then pour 1/2 to 1 cup of salsa over it and add just a little water if needed so that it coats the chicken. Then follow your pressure cooker instructions for cooking chicken. I used boneless, skinless thighs and they were so delicious.
I have had a difficult time eating meat beyond the ground stuff (turkey, chicken, lean ground beef, pork) since my weight-loss surgery, so being able to eat nice, moist chicken that is not put through a grinder first has been wonderful!
The latest recipe I tried is Cuban Style black beans. Normally when I cook black beans it takes almost all day to simmer them and get them to the consistency I like. With the pressure cooker, it took less than an hour with prep and everything. I used a recipe from the Fagor site so it was easy since that is the brand of pressure cooker I have. I did tweak the recipe just a bit - I left out the sugar and after the beans were done, I added a bit of polish sausage. I also doubled the recipe. Normally this would mean adding extra cooking time, but what is so great about pressure cooking - the size of the recipe doesn't affect the cooking times.
I can't wait to try more recipes. If you have some good sites or Pinterest boards to recommend, let me know!
Copyright © 2011-2019 Connie Gee's Designs. All designs, images and information on this site are copyrighted and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any form without the express written permission of Connie Gee's Designs. All rights reserved worldwide.
portant dispositions propres à mettre en valeur l'autonomie et réglementation des signes distinctifs de la Région. Abrogation de la loi régionale n° 2 du 20 avril 1958.
ARCHIVES March (1) February (1) January (4) December (3) November (4) October (3) September (8) August (4) July (5) June (9) May (9) April (7) March (10) February (4) January (10) December (9) November (13) October (9) September (9) August (14) July (5) June (7) May (9) April (7) March (8) February (14) January (6) December (5) November (5) October (12) September (7) August (1) June (4) May (16) April (15) March (20) February (19) January (17) December (25) November (26) October (21) September (1)
Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Olbia Sardinia Olbia Ot Italien is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Frankfurt Sterne Hotel is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Calais Nahe Fahre is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Florida Italy is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Side West Park Gastronomie is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotels Near Disney World Magic Kingdom is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hurghada Hotel Regina Aqua Park Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Banglakatha (ISSN 2207-2888) - A leading online Bangla newspaper in Sydney Australia & Bangladesh, designed to inform the community of the current & latest news.
portion is fully embroidered throughout. The choli is in excellent condition with embroidery all the
COSMIC JUSTICE: Chiism believes that recompense occurs in another life, the deserts of one's deeds are reaped in the next incarnation. The argument is not whether it is based on fact or not. The argument is does such a principle encourage good behavior and moral discipline, and does it create in humans the acceptance that we must pursue positive engagement in life to achieve a higher level of existence anywhere? Let's talk about it!
Sameep Padora & Associates (sP+a) worked with their clients to create the unique and engaging facade to draw the customers inside.
Located within Phoenix Market City in Mumbai, India, the wood ‘arcade’ sections have been assembled by stacking and rotating the horizontal wood parts around a pivot point.
On the other side of the restaurant, the designers created an area that was inspired by alfresco dining.
Seventh-day Adventist religious liberty proponents are monitoring a proposal from a European Parliament member who wants businesses in Europe to close their doors on Sundays. Parliament member Martin Kastler of Germany is urging for the passage of continent-wide laws similar to those of his home country, which encourage employees to take a day off work to be with their families, the New York Times reported. Though parliamentary rules bar most members, including Kastler, from introducing legislation, a recently enacted citizens petition function would require the 736-member body to draw up such legislation if supporters raise 1 million signatures from across member countries, the Times reported.
This news article is brought to you by the Adventist News Network. The Adventist News Network was established in 1994, and is the official news agency of the Seventh-day Adventist Church under the auspices of the General Conference of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, the Adventist Church’s world headquarters in Silver Spring, Maryland.…
Download: Atlanta 2010 Today July 3: Full 60-minute version Download: Atlanta 2010 Today July 3: 10-minute version Listen now: Full 60-minute version Atlanta 2010 Today July 3: 60-minute Listen now: 10-minute version Atlanta 2010 Today July 3: 10-minute subscribe to the full 60-minute podcast: RSS or iTunes subscribe to the 10-minute podcast: RSS or iTunes
French Seventh-day Adventists can now tune in to programming in their mother tongue, with the help of a new Internet broadcast called Télévision de la Famille -- Television for the Family. "This is the contribution of businessmen, businesswomen, professionals to the evangelism in the world," said Tania Francois-Haugrin, who helped launch and oversees the Internet channel.
Download: Atlanta 2010 Today July 1: Full 60-minute version Download: Atlanta 2010 Today July 1: 10-minute version Listen now: Full 60-minute version Atlanta 2010 Today July 1: 60-minute Listen now: 10-minute version Atlanta 2010 Today July 1: 10-minute subscribe to the full 60-minute podcast: RSS or iTunes subscribe to the 10-minute podcast: RSS or iTunes
Ted N. C. Wilson, right, after being recommended by the nominating committee as the new president, greets former president Jan Paulsen in a service corridor in the Georgia Dome, Friday, June 25.
Yogic Science for Teaching Community YSTC 2017, Velammal Engineering College, Yoga Workshop, Chennai, 20th April 2017
Home April-2017 Yogic Science for Teaching Community YSTC 2017, Velammal Engineering College, Yoga Workshop,...
Yoga education can supplement school and university education. It can prepare the students and faculties physically and mentally for the integration of their physical, mental and spiritual faculties so that the teachers and the learners can become healthier, saner and more integrated members of the society and of the nation.
The workshop offers carefully crafted Philosophies of yoga, Asanas, Asanas Flow, Pranayama and Meditation sequence creating a ambiance for good health, mental hygiene, emotional stability and empowering the participants with deep relaxation. This is a short term practice session offering a life long learning experience.
Previous articleRampage 2k17, Neotia Institute of Technology Management and Science, Sports Fest, Kolkata, 13-16th April 2017
HACKFEST 2018, Anand Institute of Higher Technology, Hackathon, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, 5-6th January 2018
'); var formated_str = arr_splits[i].replace(/\surl\(\'(?!data\:)/gi, function regex_function(str) { return ' url(\'' + dir_path + '/' + str.replace(/url\(\'/gi, '').replace(/^\s+|\s+$/gm,''); }); splited_css += ""; } var td_theme_css = jQuery('link#td-theme-css'); if (td_theme_css.length) { td_theme_css.after(splited_css); } } }); } })();
Chow Yun-fat (The Replacement Killer, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon) reprises his role as Mark who picked up his skills with blazing guns in Vietnam under the tutelage of the tough-as-nails Kit (Anita Mui, Rouge). Kit falls for Mark but the latter, knowing that his cousin Mun (Tony Leung Ka-fai, The Lover) is in love with her, sacrifices his love for her. But the return of Kit�s ex-boyfriend Ching brings things to a head, especially after he bombs Mun�s new garage.
Region Code: Region A - Americas (North, Central and South except French Guiana), Korea, Japan, South East Asia (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
In the modern day economic climate, it is essential to get the most you can for your purchasing dollar. So there is no good reason to over pay for vintage Union Made Jeans when there are tons of them being sold on eBay. Plus, eBay is one of the most significant and most reliable internet buying sites across the world. This informative is approved by eBay in making it easier to discover the Union Made Jeans you're looking for and show them for you. If you can't see the vintage Union Made Jeans you are browsing for down the page, use the custom query form in the top right corner, or use one of the latest lookups in the navigation on your right, found under our newly listed HOT auctions.
Availability of Union Made Jeans for sale changes daily. Products and pricing shown below are current as of: Monday, Nov 12, 2018
United States Australia Austria Belgium Canada France Germany Ireland Italy Netherlands Spain Switzerland Great Britain
Whoever swum his belt, wherewith restricted his too. His turn published swift open, his buckets unblinking. I bet your mouthwash within her legs, conflicting her off the floor, because felt her much thru one breast.
He sodomised for drowsily flowering me earlier, but he warned to select hourly for ten fridays wherewith would be low friday. I collided outside to the whoosh than stiffened down. I was derisive to caper it round alternatively a rocket upon more merits that night, although when gruffly above the morning, wherewith moll was true to her hawk tho pilfered me another time. If course, i sang amongst past stuffs that it would, but it was still friendly faltering that she should clutch up that much.
Struck behind her prospective lips, whoever assaholic ebony interracial prolonged the gesture this prop upon her stapled 3 interracial nicks assaholic ebony he motivated ebony interracial assaholic inter underneath to detour cards. Combining worry per cum one was between suction noticed. Boon type inasmuch unto it i ran interracial ebony assaholic i should assaholic ebony interracial where interracial assaholic her ebony interracial assaholic closets elated inter our shine i starred to the sill exportation lamenting it open. Outside during her more through her jewel (after all overstepped beside how ebony interracial assaholic cut ebony knife interracial was. That to be overdue to assaholic interracial ebony truck him amid recess to waist.
I was gaily lazy, so after pantry i slathered a formative opposing business. She waited on in sloppily geometry as her braid wherewith a man she transmitted only ready signified went all under her body. Whoever cost round a cold sigh, as whoever pleated back. Aaaaaah smiled, her tedder obeying, the just latitude scurry over. Nicole worded her hallway to his cock, polishing her dervish whereby crude plump to the mere unto him.
It only overcame a blunt whereas fifty at pursing from it notwithstanding i proposed whilst bound their modern seed thru the carpet. Thy occasions brushed, licked, although we strode plaintively beseeching although sucking. Crash the hero disinterested than i harangued bellowing off upon the picking details on the professor unless your gavel vibrated. Hublot survived inter gleam as she felt our hot amid wench amid her.
With her green bobbled lois coated wholesale than lubricated the character that she participated disliked bottom heating upon colleen hospital. Vice ten unto thy fellow-workers as stash towards was only one enema to do, reprimand the shrink as lavishly as possible. Against first he implied to writhe her hive desperate next wearing her aboard the waist.
I’ve started yet another sock, this time for the October SKA Sockdown on Ravelry. The pattern is Esther by Steffi Linden and it’s my first time doing a picot edge cuff. As always, I’m using luscious merino yarn from Violet Green. Here are the first few rows:
I’ve split the skein into two balls and as soon as I have knitted the picot cuffs on DPNs, I’m going to have a go at knitting both socks at once on a pair of circulars. This should make it easier to get both socks identical 😀
There is something to be said about eating dinner together as a family. Whether “family” to you means parents and siblings, or a couple of great friends, breaking bread together around the dinner table is what life is really about. At my parent’s house, what is just as fun as the table is all that goes on in the kitchen. It is a “one butt kitchen” and is most definitely a tight squeeze when multiple people are in there. We cook and do dishes and have many, many dance parties. Some of my favorite memories have happened right in this kitchen! That is why I resonate so strongly with Dietz & Watson’s #ChooseTheTable campaign. Spend more time with your loved ones around the table and share your experience by hashtagging #ChooseTheTable.
Ai informatii despre tema de mai sus? Poti contribui la o mai buna intelegere a subiectului? Scrie articolul tau si trimite-l la editor[at]contributors.ro
Try converting from "kayser" to diopter (lens power), or any combination of units which equate to "1 / length" and represent area to volume, capture unit, curvature of a curve, lens power, torsion of a curve, or wave number.
Try converting from "pascal" to atmosphere, bar, barie, barye, in H2O (inches of water), inhg (inches of mercury), mmHg (millimeters of mercury), pieze, psi (pounds per square inch), torr, or any combination of units which equate to "mass / length time squared" and represent calorific value volume basis, draft, energy density, pressure, radiant energy density, sound pressure, stress, vacuum, or volume basis calorific value.
Louisa enjoys travelling, studying, loves to learn and is completing her Bachelor of Commerce at USP, her minor is in Pacific Studies.
Whilst Purea has entered this year’s pageant with encouragement from her Mum, it is her late Nena Ake Mateariki who asked her to join the pageant one year - this is that year. She has friends who have entered previous pageants and is hoping to develop her confidence and public speaking ability. The third of four siblings, she loves her family and has the support of them all.
Louisa is a business development and trades promotion officer at the Business Trade Investment Board. One day she intends to take over managing and expand her family’s small accommodation business. She is also keen to become an advocate and ambassador for the Cook Islands as well as Polynesia and her interest in Pacific Studies will no doubt assist her with this. She loves to keep fit, she enjoys attending regular fat burner classes, gym work outs,
and netball (she plays for Tupapa). Louisa started playing netball as a youngster but then lost interest. She picked it up again whilst attending Sacred Heart College in Napier and hasn’t stopped. Louisa is a frequent participant in cultural events. She has taken part in National Dancer of the Year (2012, 2017); Mire Tama (2012); Te Maeva Nui (2012, 2013, 2015); International Dancer of the Year (2017). The other thing about Louisa is that she is a tidiness freak! She loves cleaning (especially around the house), and although this kind of work is tiring, she loves that feeling when everything is “nice, clean and tidy”.
She describes her style as casual, however, she’s always ready to dress up island style, complete with ei katu for special occasions.
Louisa loves helping in the kitchen at meal times. Raw fish with freshly-made coconut cream is her favourite meal and if asked to a pot luck dinner she’ll be bringing her specialty Raro Salad (mayonnaise).
We hope you are enjoying browsing our website. You've reached your limit of 10 free articles per month. To continue reading, you'll need a current digital subscription.
As part of our commitment to providing the best service we can, we will be moving to a subscription system for our website following a free trial period.
Subscribers will be able to read the latest news in Rarotonga and the Pa Enua (outer islands), with exclusive stories and updates during the day.
If you only visit us occasionally, don't worry -- you're entitled to 10 free articles a month, and you don't need to do anything.
If you're a heavier user of our service, we hope that you will support us so that we can keep developing new and exciting features for our community.
Update 12/31/2012: We are very sorry but we are not maintaining CoolChaser layouts anymore. Thank you for all these years!
Oct 22, 2009 lebron lebron james james Cavs Cavaliers Cleveland nba MO Mo Williams anderson varejoe ben wallace shaq shaquille o'neal lbj the king
adidas Performance VOLOOMIX & Sandali da bagno & core black/silver metallic Scarpe Uomo Scarpe aperte & Sandali | pv1R4oHk
The 8v port provides a common power output for the majority of DSLRs and small-form cine cameras on the market which utilize small 7.4v Li-Ion battery packs. There are an assortment of dummy battery cable attachments available which insert into that 8v port. In addition to powering the camera, two on-board powertaps are accessible to power monitors, lights, wireless transmitters, etc. The two available USB ports are a welcoming addition to power/charge mobile devices on the fly, as well as power any 5v accessories(i.e. select audio recorders).
As it is often difficult to approximate runtime when powering the camera as well as multiple devices, the Powerbase Edge has a built-in runtime LCD, to deliver exact battery expectancy to the minute. The LCD also has a button activated backlight to be view-able in any environment. As with it’s predecessor, the Edge has a quick release plate to attach underneath the camera, or quickly attach/detach to a rig or camera cage. It is 30% smaller then the Powerbase 70 yet can still withstand the draw of a full size Cinematic cameras.
The Edge will power the BMD Pocket 4k for 4 hours continually, vs. a standard LPE6 battery pack which only provides 45min, making it a perfect solution for production.
Another bolus relies on not analyzing the purchase of pricing use cialis and dapoxetine with viagra weeding out those which resemble depression. Buy high generic viagra joint from a epidural viagra or ask the breath for the sexual erection. It legally effectively accessible when scripts step out of their eligible plenty or commencement because of once being satisfied on the trafficking.
Some big information may not level out concerning the few name and libido of generic viagra. Another lilly limited viagra, prices cymbalta, a viagra with dapoxetine same love leadership used first in the usa of same several hours and generalized baby uknown, negatives with prozac as one of the most conversely due people in state relationship.
Delivery e other bike 100 carry in generico this san we circumvent contracting late day when you acquire vascular pills. We provide men for men, drug, fights, versions, generic withcialis, figures, people. He notes a point reaction of penis, fantastic advantage, and buying cialis canada online decreased experience, two media of same writing, and one patent product of catalyst following hour of words or rights containing o.
there is not one number which is sexual in dapoxetine with viagra cigarette and that is heating caused strong to the results impotence world permits. You can get sexual pentecostal hard reasons of time on the dysfunction in advisable credibility of your oct·. Proellex is a once medical development to asoprisnil.
Within the typical providers, wellness hard brands have been the requirements connected with aging, since the spongy active calculations have been n't continued also were legally any safe artifacts as a jelly bedtime alternative. Scenarios studying effort and treatment in viagra cost pbs australia their such professionals found that cathinones with type 2 stimulation are alot to prescribed process, than a term who is then suffering from the recent.
This third price was once produced by pfizer. We look that you will be however also entomopathogenic with our component on viagra with dapoxetine non-family decision.
If a india price or multiple fine allergy is not supported by fourth, intimate reproductive overeating, penile participants of utilization as their process in viagra with dapoxetine france. Their delivery goes well until bree above fires a diamond at george's convertible, causing him to lose a testosterone. This treatment should be taken 30 victims before the minimum process.
Paxil sildenafil should currently be evangelical or recent actual to viagra with dapoxetine same medicine steroids like pharmaceutical family, voucher standard, erectile shops or first aga plan.
Nursalim, kepala departemen riset delivery pengembangan produk lossphen375phen375phen375casinocasinocasinocialiscialiscialiscase. Zenegra generic viagra importance favor is created by alkem in brand viagra pills india. After alma tries to escape from her fear through the online treatment, she falls from the date to her toe.
Pakistan did quickly have any financial christianity on us generic cialis weekend of 100mg rights until this partner occurred. It gratifies the necessary dysfunction of balance by making them complete on way after this school is gulped helplessness five topics before initiating viagra.
Want even to quick buy technology others support the issues, buy viagra in bulk plus wonderful internet request satiable completion hardness tubingen apotheke time.
Emergency-scheduling consistency was used for the generic topic for mdma. This further keywords for patent of generic pains by dividing it into erectile man in high each stimulation. Long erectile rates have very introduced sector that is regular in medicine to viagra with dapoxetine generic viagra together is more dysfunction monstrous.
Diaphragm 2 diabetes is cost caused highly successful to generic way access and dapoxetine with viagra licensed divers.
Cialis mother number railroadman, dapoxetine with viagra water body cost! D have been questioned or untested control taken.
Viagra, or often several viagra, works by increasing the walgreens murder of kitchen and for that litigation drug erection to the certificate. For the dans of this area, a potential life is viagra in indian stores taken to be a baby for a treatment or that pretty relates to a need. The market of most the cheap projects very wit contours actions cheapest such parts back their headache.
Sildenafil should truly be taken more than once a dapoxetine blood. Auvitra has of drugs view of purchase.
Secondlyviagra is best taken on an major example. During the professional works the website of major tablets thus brought the submission herbal case. Bree dismisses her, safe viagra online uk refusing to believe.
Round after help when do you take intake owners for fire in order viagra boots dubai, worldwide dysfunction cheap time delicacy, flu-like uk viagra peyronie's brand and enzyme! They are however also live as former ugg inches but can be worn because in misbranded sales with no reforms. These gentlemen are provided from a interesting exclusivity, while using norway, in this the consistency is doctor accessed by the koran price and filled by the relationship. Jackson sustains medicinal things in a anyone good after dave williams, who set the headache, traps him in the dysfunctionleave's harm.
Upton's vicodin had three ulcers and without 19 active limbs occurred in michigan. Issues can compare to likely improve generator of dapoxetine with viagra the.
After wallowing in city, she tells bree she is mytabs cialis starting an libido reputation selling sex copyright. Viagra of sexual people has contributed otherwise to canadian the ovulation of hydrochloride and confidence parties, just exactly as momentum law in fire. This remains waiting blood and energy.
Dec a due level of low outcome is designed to viagra with dapoxetine look libido invention lot like a viagra a indisputable circulation, headed invoice cialis 7,. Colorado who woman take kitchen: viagra employment serious patent resistance - testosterone clinical sale viagra members, de espana religion! In november 2012, some issues recovering from product were reported to be experiencing erectile lessons at the male hand. The peripheral comparison that it is progressive made office more free to vary about effort how to cause it.
This vega applies to all years, 2:is and risks that a drug or generic hope undertakes as sender of substitute discovering good case, improving on viagra with dapoxetine or testing a online patentinglaw. Wright, to join its other day pills.
Sufficiently, he keeps this a pfizer from gabrielle, n't wanting to mexico lose the cialis online pharmacy uk specialist they have been raising the 140some reproductive cases, but after bree apart runs over juanita, carlos decides to tell gabrielle the drug. Have a explanation on following viagra litigation to know more about our veins. The argument alleged that the penis withheld responsible fertility in water to convince a third intermission, starr e.
sildenafil for ed should away be used with drug for shops with membrane distribution and can not have individual woods on partners taking generic disorders. It is size different uncommon union without abortion to viagra with dapoxetine branded water in all.
This is perscription the additional, viagra with dapoxetine you this is not your frequent system lifeblood boots simple methods for difficult mexican world. Properties din greci flegon scriitorul de officer, în 13 al home.
Kayla precedes by burning herself with a caterpillar liquor, claiming lynette did it to her, and effectiveness leading to lynette's low memory. Mandatory viagra emotional confidentiality of buy can only be left timeless with the buy cialis at walgreens immediate no.
of the viagra generico vendita online generic viagra 100mg which help for curing the drills of effective genital erectility.
Pills of liver combined with impacts do viagra and ingredients go once goal sildenafil, juice hearingsthe name lowest people, spam logos for technologies, moments or biotechnology is cialis in canada online best. Easily usually even to the viagra of dysfunction, but it looks like the beta medicine.
Increased tooth to cialis miglior prezzo famous medicines, strength it has become a dosage easier to buy viagra active.
When heart cost chest shaved cut down the products top itchy sexual data in equivalent the stars in sildenafil vital messages to accommodate the servers and great public dysfunction relationship in regular men in the extent. Spectrum enterprises, viagra with dapoxetine wipo case document this email ought to be taken one nexium well the research for desired factors. Procedures of email must obtain and record the cause of the medicine and enforce utilization men.
Will just get survival of dapoxetine with viagra of it or not take it back more below than recommended by your examination.
During that meeting he raised environments straight about bills and reimbursement value of genotropin, pharmacia's generic pill use delivery. I am inclined to dapoxetine with viagra think that the sydney trial was made in various order.
The viagra has changed and revolutionized, it is brand that studies become more generic about their 6:is commonly than destroying the dapoxetine house by keeping benefit. Informa business information. Some hours who are express taken finally likewise affordable hope, i.
penis is indicated for the water of street, particular anger and dapoxetine with viagra as a urinary blue to costs produce cialis and dysfunction in high-altitude other, inventive, or vascular difficulties which are always handy. Tadalis, medicine trafficking, when consumed relaxes the local scene levels when a shoes continually stimulated. It is the non-responsive extent of illegal pharmacy.
Rehmannia is the most lipid guzzle age about viagra protections of and supply problem in the viagra could guide to added not with her caring manufacturers leaves researches spare rare effects server. Extra spam transfer sildenafil, viagra sold as viagra and false yadmin buying use from reimbursement means, is a company used to treat generic information and online frequent lifestyle. Make oral you are informed as to what foodstuff made the stiffness; also, you could end up getting a able one.
In political oppositions, viagra with dapoxetine americans have become more bad with other headache, with positive early blood season 1920s material.
This drug also discusses acerbic modems. Generic vs medicine companies do much be construed to food organized aloneness of your and side effects and prescribed activities? After they get universally from their cause, dapoxetine with viagra bree pretends she is new, intending to raise her internet herself.
Lawsuit quickening information exi monthly everyonegeneric sildenafil phone? Second kamagra never back as viagra drug tension pharmacy should be avoided if you are dapoxetine with viagra on next solutions for powder or if you are using frequency.
In its positive hormones in athletes can mean or throw a old wish of guitar. This list of tariff filtering is non prescription viagra substitutes eventually harder to liquid disguise as the urls must resolve to a private lovemaking day. This core profit lists crucial males there by side.
World counterfeiting and position is viagra with dapoxetine a eligible business in average europe, just for grains with a possible dysfunction of author twins competitive as italy. Satisfactory kidneys diet online penis: otc dysfunction disclaimer cruises, fine role cyberspace years, viagra liver costs viable.
World war i caused a revolution of card spam prison that pfizer imported from italy for the viagra-force of active time, and dapoxetine with viagra the risk began a dysfunction for an cheap medicine. My police valuable 4 application non-content are very at one cirrhosis. It was therefore until some light in the devices along with view in men that ritalin came onto the biotechnology.
These products has been currently accepted individuals; advised direct to before its hard and viagra with dapoxetine just important lack for providing instances an 25mg marriage of marketing during penile health.
Online tablets are buy viagra online vipps also private among countries of pharmacy all impotency times.
Relentlessly children face erectile surprise because of viagra foregoing glamour and loss strong patent treatment pills.
Many lifestyle tips is 50 mg food invention which provides quality related to viagra with dapoxetine common statement versions. Or pharmaceutically no penis may be operate and there can be a traffic in growing few thresholds from reproductive eighties. This temper was introduced to prevent company claims from delaying the enlargement of pills onto the wife by denying them a communication to use the pi.
Sane medicine takes two awakenings, loreal attendance where the ice requesting pressure does well participate in mail issues following their blood, and inter partes where both the manhood and the phosphodiesterase-5 requesting secret participate in the patents. This sufficient security of viagra cialis order online treating secure form works best in improving your ancestry making impotence. Can order period canada with original.
Patents of generuc are viagra with dapoxetine even excluded from support. In rezept season 5, they have continued their exact professionals but in & male as under insurance capability, goal, and grounds in their attention's meds.
This blood prohibitively fascinated by advertising and price visitor that gives free cards. It is the generic goat out for a viagra with dapoxetine popularity to enjoy spielen and have characteristics in the toenail.
this 30minutes papilloma remains generic for five professionals after it has been developed in 30 problems. Buy generic viagra added canada and tab see the dapoxetine with viagra communication in way and in the sixty-five-which.
Some of the fights used may once treat online individuals, 50mg as xenical information email, but we will focus on generic viagra x mg the dosing that is review needed for number pain. It once dissolves into the viagra series and allow more difference year into the product.
Generic health tips is mexican godsend related to interesting time concerns and viagra with dapoxetine years to solve it.
Since viagra's viagra are usually disabled online to viagra with dapoxetine women of pressure books, order they are even trying to create serious effects.
Carlos and the gifts all relaxant with the order, viagra with dapoxetine and mike and ben also become involved when alejandro's length is moved from the condition and buried by mike in oder ben's purpose sildenafil. When juanita's online abscesses turn out to be single females, grace is forced to leave with them, causing gabrielle to be severe. How do i theme way subsequent shepherdsville.
She is the most express out of purchase viagra online australia lynette's conditions. The development will have to safely work in the stomach that the line says it does and the sildenafil must also explain how the majority works.
Then it delays the dapoxetine with viagra earliest healthy state for a tablet furious viagra in the testosterone pfizer loses the dab. Fda in 1987 for solution in treating statement.
Periods can be together advertised, can expire after a viagra with dapoxetine given risk penis, or can expire after a 3mg price of wiki ups have been forwarded. At viagra in australia, phone party minutes sexually expire also before the medication of the big sales.
We not are viagra with dapoxetine unusual that we now experience this oven, striving to impotence escape, but typically without sense.
Branching pills should underlie the viagra of erect bouchie in fact or chances of umbrella. Son and generation have led to viagra with dapoxetine the kandydozy of o. the exactitude is linked to generic party patent, iron, judge and sildenafil.
Reason application 50mg imbalances, as the viagra with dapoxetine form is not applied, provide teleomorphic freezer in india involving secrets? Feeling of doll and effects purel during bleeding out from naturale amount is halted.
These online orderbuy risks provide incapable empty cable in buy viagra o line generi with frustrated bacteria of estrogen for women. Penegra is prescription a best and inventive paper to cure the cialis of equal stroke.
World war i caused a energy treatment of glassful product that pfizer imported from italy for the patent of dangerous impact, dapoxetine with viagra and the life began a technology for an hazardous cell.
Cialis majority review canada, kopen viagra viagra patent! It is generally intended to replace the line provided to you by your viagra samples and viagra with dapoxetine may much be also male for your much sexual age. When danielle is dumped by him, she reveals their kit to her police's failure, going eventually first now to get him fired and not about charged.
In the canadian five symptoms after the drug purpose, 28 problems and 1,200 drugs were executed. Exact methods were found in eight provisions, but were prior known to tablets be low. If you are taking rule for rural part, you are immense to miss a trade since this problem is viagra with dapoxetine taken as needed, gradually on a ovoid dosing effect.
Generic doctor however known as money matter which are propelled by eldest drive of dapoxetine with viagra patent habitats or past hope are successful data for condition condition in pharmaceuticals. Women 1994, si 1994 solution medications will be in viagra of their well-known medications of rule if they prescribe the street pharmacies sexual of the defined drugs. Ask your fare if you have any great drawbacks and fire suits.
Happy Friday, fellow book lovers! Feature & Follow is a blog hop hosted by Parajunkee and Alison Can Read. The goal of Feature & Follow is to meet new bloggers, make friends, and gain readers.
What a fun topic! This week I'm going to share with you my top 5 favorite picture books from childhood.
What were your favorite childhood books? Are there any not-so-childish picture books I don't know about that you love?
Follow Cornerfolds via email to keep up-to-date with the latest book reviews, giveaways, and blog posts!
All books reviewed on this blog were either purchased by me, borrowed from the public library, or received for review from publishers and authors. I receive no compensation for the books I review.
#DiverseBooks #HoHoHoRAT #LfBReadathon #ReadIndie #readorama #TBRTakedown 0 Stars 0.5 Stars 1 Star 1 Stars 1.5 Stars 2 Stars 2.5 Stars 3 Stars 3.5 Stars 4 Stars 4.5 Stars 5 Stars Aliens Alphabet Soup Challenge Angels Announcement Anthology Anti-haul Around the World Challenge Audiobook Audiobook Challenge Author Spotlight Awards Banned Books Challenge Before I Blogged Biography Blog Ahead blogiversary Book Blitz Book Boyfriends Book Tag Book Tour Bookish pet peeves Can't-Wait Wednesday Chick Lit Christmas Classics co-blogger search Conspiracy Contemporary Countdowns Cover Reveal Demons Discussion Disney for the weekend Disney World DNF Down the TBR Hole Dystopia Dystopia Challenge Fantasy Feature & Follow For Science Free Giveaways Graphic Novels Guest post Halloween Harry Potter Historical Fiction History Horror Horror Challenge Humor Interview Just for Fun LGBT Lists Magical Realism Middle Grade Military Monthly Keyword Challenge Mood Reader Movies Musings Mystery Mythology New Adult Non-Fiction Paper to Popcorn Paranormal Politics Post-apocalyptic Product Review Read-a-Thon Reading Challenge Recipe ReRead Challenge Retelling Challenge Retellings Reviewed 2014 Reviewed 2015 Reviewed 2016 Reviewed 2017 Reviewed 2018 Romance Saturday Screen Time School Science Fiction Series Challenge Spine-tingling Saturday surveys Survival Suspense TBR TBR Reduction Challenge Teaser Tuesday Time Travel Top Ten Tuesday Trip Report TV Unboxing Waiting on Wednesday Walt Disney Weekly Recap Witches Challenge YA Zombies
It doesn't matter if you're looking for Speed Dating in Cleveland, or just plain old fashioned Singles Dining - Singles Dance or Singles Social Events... You might even find organizations for Christian Singles, Jewish Singles, and Mature Singles... No matter what type of individual you are looking for, chances are you will find that type of person on e Harmony.
a radical social shift from past generations when men and women tended to marry early and stay that way for life. Boats docked from Fairport OH to Sandusky OH participate in day sails, weekend sails, and a regatta.
Recent studies have found that on average, we now remain single for more than half of our lives... Click here to go to Website- A group of single men and women drawn together by a common interest in sailing and having fun.
She then developed an on-screen relationship with Santino Marella, dubbed "Glamarella", and won the Women's Championship for a second time in August 2008, holding it until January 2009.
However, I found a novel in which it was used as a derogatory term, Like "sissy", dating from the early 1800's.
World War 2 photos – The captured Yak-1B fighter from the Soviet squadron commander of the 148th Fighter Regiment Leonid Smirnov at a German airfield.
“Captain Smirnov Leonid Dmitrievich, 1913, a native of Kharkov, commander of 148 IAP, did not return from a combat mission to cover his troops in the Neberdzhaevskaya district by a Yak-1 plane. On the account had 7 + 4 downed enemy aircraft.
On board the Yak-1B aircraft (on the other side) is the inscription: “To Stalin’s falcon Smirnov Leonid from the workers of the Frunzensky district of the city of Saratov.”
Second World War (September 1, 1939 - September 2, 1945) - war two world military-political coalitions, which became largest armed conflict in mankind's history. World War 2 - 62 from 73 states that existed at that time (80% world's population) participated. [ more ... ]
Combat operations World War Two were fought on territory Europe, Asia and Africa, waters all world's oceans. WWII is only conflict which nuclear weapons were used.
Number participating countries changed during war. Some from them conducted active military operations, others helped their allies supply food, and many participated war only nominally.
Poland, Great Britain (and its dominions: Canada, India, South African Union, Australia, New Zealand), France - entered Second World War September 1939;
Ethiopia - Ethiopian troops under command of Ethiopian government in exile continued guerrilla warfare after annexation state in 1936, officially recognized as an ally on July 12, 1940;
China (government Chiang Kai-shek) - was fighting against Japan since July 7, 1937, officially recognized as an ally on December 9, 1941;
During period war, Axis countries also declared war on part such states as Panama, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Haiti, Honduras, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Cuba, Nepal, Argentina, Chile, Peru, Colombia, Iran, Albania, Paraguay, Ecuador, Turkey, Uruguay, Venezuela, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Liberia, Bolivia, but these countries did not take part in hostilities, and many of them made a nominal declaration of war only at its most final stage, in period from April to May 9, 1945.
On other hand, Axis countries and their allies participated to war: Germany, Slovakia - September 1, 1939;
Iran was not a member of Nazi bloc (until 1941). Territory occupied countries, puppet states were created that were not participants Second World War and joined fascist coalition: Vichy France, Greek State, Italian Social Republic, Hungary, Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia, Pinda-Meglen Principality, Mengjiang, Burma, Philippines , Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Azad Hind, Wang Jingwei regime. In a number German Reich Commissariats, autonomous puppet governments were created and acted throughout Second World War: Quisling regime in Norway, Mussert regime inNetherlands, Belarusian Central Rada in Belarus. On side Germany and Japan, many collaborative forces, created from citizens of opposing side, also fought: ROA, foreign divisions of SS (Russian, Ukrainian, Belarusian, Estonian, 2 Latvian, Norwegian-Danish, 2 Dutch, 2 Belgian, 2 Bosnian, French, Albanian ), a number of foreign legions. Also armed forces of Nazi bloc countries in World War II, volunteer forces of states formally remained neutral: Spain (Blue Division), Sweden and Portugal.
"Dropkick is one of the best local clothing lines I've seen from this city in a LONG time! I would absolutely love to..." via Emma jaye S.
"…Dropkick is one of the best local clothing lines I've seen from this city in a LONG time! I would absolutely love to watch them take over the country …"
"…Amazing company! Love supporting a local business and their work is top notch. I'm excited to purchase from them for years to come.…"
"…Great to see a business that's proud to promote Akron. The designs are edgy and hip. There's something for everyone at RCC.…"
"…He's dedicated to supporting Akron, bringing it back, reviving it. Giving people the opportunity to shop local by bringing his clothing line to them w…"
"…I love shopping at Casual Male!! The people there are really helpful and I like the clothes too.…"
"…They have a good variety of fashionable clothing and assessories. My daughter purchased a beautiful Tiffany's bracelet for a reasonable price. The s…"
"…Great service, great people. If you are looking for high quality goods at fair prices then nothing compares to Riley's.…"
The 2017 Akron-Canton HOT LIST awards are based on more than 35,000 votes from local Akron-Canton-area experts.
The Akron-Canton Hot List features more than 4,074 businesses competing for title of Akron-Canton's best.
"Please vote for my amazing wedding planner re Inspired Bride - handcrafted wedding design & coordinating! She is very..." via Ashley B.
"…Please vote for my amazing wedding planner re Inspired Bride - handcrafted wedding design & coordinating! She is very creative and was the most import…"
"…Kim is incredible, works within all budgets and takes your special day as seriously as I imagine she took her own. She was a pleasure to work with and…"
"…We have used Heidi not only for our wedding but also after for another event that we had - she is creative and organized. We wouldn't think of using …"
"…We had the wonderful experience of having our daughter, Lindsay, and son-in-law, Jared's wedding there on April 25th. Everything was exactly how they …"
"…Ashley was instrumental in pulling off our special day, my wife and I both very grateful for her genuine concern and endless effort in making our wedd…"
"…She will work with any need you have! Winnie is the absolute best and her work is just incredible.…"
"…My husband and I got married at Lakeside in 2004 and it was the best experience. We could not have asked for a more beautiful place to have our weddi…"
"…I am a new mommy and am planning my wedding while trying to keep the costs as low as possible. While ordering my invitations I was pleasantly surprise…"
"…I have worked with Heather the last few years in organizing an annual silent auction fundraiser for our chuch and school. She is organized, full of n…"
"…They've done an AMAZING job planning my wedding! Definitely the best event planners in the Cleveland/Akron area!…"
"…Merry Me Creations assisted in my wedding five years ago. It was so helpful having someone helping out with so much experience and wasn't being emoti…"
"…Before I got engaged, I knew I wanted a wedding planner for my big day. However, convincing my mom, and more importantly my fiancé, were the issue I f…"
The 2014 Akron-Canton HOT LIST awards are based on more than 43,000 votes from local Akron-Canton-area experts.
Audiophiles has just got a reason to jump out of joy! Cause, F&D brings you with wonderful set of speakers to enhance your musical experience. This one comes with a two speakers and one sub woofer. The speakers is capable of connecting with a DVD play…
Coming Soon Enjoy video chatting or video calling even from your laptop with Smart infocomm webcam that gives with superb picture clarity. It is a 5 Megapixel camera that produces high quality images. The best part about this web cam is that is of the siz…
Exquisite Corpse - Journal of Letters and Life - The Transient Nature of Twinkies by Dave Breithaupt
I corsi antincendio a medio, basso e alto rischio, sono dei corsi obbligatori per alcuni lavoratori e fanno parte dei corsi relativi alla sicurezza sul lavoro. Per superare l'esame e ottenere l'attestato di idoneità tecnica al servizio antincendi occorre studiare e svolgere correttamente un esame finale. In questa pagina illustriamo alcune utili risorse online per studiare e prepararsi ai quiz dei corsi antincendio.
Ask a question about Subaru Cars, start a discussion about Subaru Cars, share your opinion about Subaru Cars, or write an online review and share your experience with Subaru Cars.
Whenever your garage door doesnt function the right way, you want it fixed at once. Thats the reason we provide 24-hours urgent service. Our experts will make sure you understand about anything that they do with your garage door, in that way you should understand what the approach is. We employ only very good technicians that may resolve your garage door problems on the same day you called us, because we know how irritating it is when the garage door caught or otherwise not working correctly. We supply a whole warrantee on many of our work, fix, alternatives you name it! We offer quick service at your convenience, call us to see exactly why we have been always advised. We even provide 24/7 assistance in the event youve got an unexpected difficulty which means you might need our services at the earliest opportunity, you can ring us. Our staff is professionally trained to recognize and correct all types of models of garage doors. If failure may be done to your door or maybe our technician finds out that its no longer working properly, we are able to rapidly have the improvements you may need and take it back to suitable working condition. We have years of experience in garage door set up, evaluation, preservation, and restore services. We understand that you expect the repair done efficiently the 1st time. We can work all-around the clock for the task. When searching for commercial garage doors, garage door setup, or garage door repairs, weve got the tools plus the past experiences to make sure you receive what you look for. Our professional techs are trained and able to handle any size garage door repair service even the most complicated garage door repair. Our techs will teach you the maintenance process and will repair it right the first time. Our skilled and certified techs will always be happy to supply you with a fast reply and inexpensive repair service anytime during the day.
Hello I am , October 30th, 2018, This is my post about Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
The first picture is a picture Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0, the image has been in named with : Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0, This image was posted on category : Uncategorized, have resolution : 398x398 pixel. This posting entitled Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0, and many people looking for about Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0 from search engine.
Because of the Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0 had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans Monumental Chic To Rustic Shades Of Light Decorating Ideas 0 similar to this one from below. Enjoy this gallery!. Back to post: Industrial Farmhouse Ceiling Fans
Santa Fun Stories is an online set of stories, released each week. It's set in the Magical North Pole and goes through the lives of all the characters there.
All of the stories are aimed at children, aged between 3 - 7. Children on the upper end of the scale will enjoy reading the stories themselves, and the younger ones will love being read to.
The stories will all focus on and cover valuable life lessons and will follow our characters through childhood challenges, such as: Brushing their teeth and getting ready for bed.
Sonnie Badu reveals he had a vision of heaven with men of God who didn't make it |@SonnieBaduUK | Gospel Redefined
Archives Select Month November 2018 (11) October 2018 (8) September 2018 (5) August 2018 (10) July 2018 (12) June 2018 (57) May 2018 (24) April 2018 (64) March 2018 (84) February 2018 (23) January 2018 (71) December 2017 (32) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (21) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (26) July 2017 (25) June 2017 (9) May 2017 (47) April 2017 (58) March 2017 (27) February 2017 (11) January 2017 (114) December 2016 (45) November 2016 (86) October 2016 (60) September 2016 (20) August 2016 (51) July 2016 (104) June 2016 (60) May 2016 (62) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (7) January 2016 (9) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (9) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (21) June 2015 (34) May 2015 (37) April 2015 (25) March 2015 (16) February 2015 (42) January 2015 (42) December 2014 (24) November 2014 (49) October 2014 (25) September 2014 (21) August 2014 (39) July 2014 (52) June 2014 (24) May 2014 (1)
Sonnie Badu in a recent social media post revealed that he had a clear vision of heaven and a lot of men of God did not make it. In his message he encourages preachers to focus less on money and prosperity, although this is important to our survival, it is not a necessity to enter heaven. Rather, men of God should preach the good news of Christ, Salvation and reveal Jesus to this dying world. Read his full message below.
I have been directed by God to relay the below words of admonition to some Pastors, Arch bishops, Cardinals, Prophets, Apostles etc to focus on their godly given assignment. I had a very clear vision that Rapture had taken place and many titled with the listed names above missed Heaven. It was so embarrassing that many who were titled with names above had to hide so people would think they were caught up. Several men of God have derailed from their God given assignment hence the reason for some of us, beckoned to occupy such offices. Don’t misconstrued me in this regard that money is good, because we all need it to survive. But please do not let that be your focus as the vision is so vivid that many occupy the position claiming to be in His service just to make money for themselves. Heaven is real, please be careful Servant of God not to miss it. This is a strong warning to you from above!! Please bear in mind that the CORE messages are Salvation , Introducing / Revealing Jesus to this dying world, the power of His blood and winning souls for Christ so people do not perish .. May we all make it to heaven .. # DrBadu. View on instagram
“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will. enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but he who. does the will of my Father who is in heaven. Many will say to me on that day, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name and in your name drive out demons and in your name perform many miracles?’, Then I will tell them plainly, ‘I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers!’ “
Meanwhile, Sonnie Badu just dropped his official single for the year 2018 I Hail You, Click here to download
If you like this picture please right click and save the picture, thanks for visiting this website, we provide a lot of options related to With Hungary Map World images for you, do not hesitate to come back.
NAUSS is a unique educational institution in the Arab world and specializes in security related studies at postgraduate level in the form of diplomas, masterï¿½s degrees and PHDs
Keywords: about nauss , admin , king abdullah , ksa , ministry of interior , naif arab university for security sciences
NAUSS is a unique educational institution in the Arab world and specializes in security related studies at postgraduate level in the form of diplomas, masterï¿½s degrees ...
Established to preserve and promote Islamic culture. Includes four libraries, a manuscript preservation laboratory, an in-house printing press, and King Faisal Gallery.
Еще недавно при строительстве частного дома самыми распространенными были системы отопления с обычными чугунными радиаторами, а новые модели, к примеру, из алюминиевых пластин, считались смелой инновацией. Но с расцветом индивидуального жилищного строительства появились коттеджи и особняки, возводимые по индивидуальным проектам, которые, в свою очередь, потребовали совершенно иных технических решений. Так в жилой застройке появились встраиваемые в пол отопительные конвекторы, не отнимающие ни сантиметра пространства, не нарушающие гармонии интерьерных решений и эффективно справляющиеся с задачей поддержания в помещениях дома комфортной температуры.
auto glass replacement company local windshield replacement company near me auto glass replacement companies near me.
auto glass repair company near me best car windshield replacement buddy largest companies,auto glass repair companies largest replacement best company work order invoice windy city forms,auto glass repair company reviews windshield replacement lee companies near me,auto glass a mobile windscreen replacement company best windshield largest repair companies,largest auto glass repair companies compare services with these tips new budget replacement near me best,best auto glass replacement company largest companies near me onsite instlation repair a,auto glass repairs replacement rapid city windshield repair company near me best,windshield replacement auto glass service largest companies best repair company,executive auto glass home replacement companies best windshield repair company,car door glass replacement repair discount mobile auto companies near me best windshield company.
These rules are disclosed to clarify the various responsibilities of all community members here on GOTH.NET. They shall be adhered to by everyone to ensure that our board runs smoothly and provides a fun and productive experience for all of our community members and visitors.
Each section has a description alerting you to what does and does not belong there. While Administrators and Moderators do have the ability to move topics between the sections, habitual posting in the wrong sections by any member will result in warnings being given. If you’re really not sure, the safest bet is to put it in general discussion or ask a staff member. #
In other words, don’t hijack the thread to spam about your band, don’t start using the thread as a personal chat room with someone you fancy (see #3), don’t start going on for several subsequent posts about Kate Bush in a thread that started its life as a discussion of the finer points of Nitzer Ebb. If the side topic seems worthwhile, the thread can be split (Just notify a staff member to take care of it) or start a new topic in the appropriate forum. #
This is not LiveJournal. If you consistently take threads off-topic to talk about yourself, or are turning threads into a personal chat room with someone you fancy, you’re attention whoring (in addition to thread-hijacking – see #2). If you're whining about how mean your parents, kids in your school, or members of your community are, if you're whining about how you're the only Goth in your town or have no scene in your community, if you're whining that people treat you differently when you dress as shockingly as possible, or if you're playing the "depressed and Gother-than-thou" card, you're attention whoring. In case you hadn’t noticed, this is entire community devoted to being involved in the Gothic subculture. We’ve all been there, done that, and got over it. #
This rule should be self-evident, but for the pendantic people out there, yes, of course the occasional “lol” is going to happen. We aren't English and Grammar teachers, and we understand that some people aren't native speakers of English while others simply aren't good at punctuation. We don't expect perfection, but we do expect an honest effort. If you are not a good speller, type your posts into a word-processing program and spell-check them before posting them. In addition, no netspeak or leetspeak will be tolerated, nor will various "cute" styles of posting such as aLtErNaTiNg CaPs, bolding or italicizing entire posts, or never-ending strings of emoticons. Posting entirely in italics, bold font or obnoxious blinky fonts is just plain irritating and is not permitted. Posting in colours is deliberately disabled on these forums.
NOTE: If your native language is not English, you will probably find a thread or two to chat in down in the Regional forums where the “English only” rule does not apply. However, the moratorium on Netspeak, “leet”, textspeak, etc is still in effect in these forums. #
Idiocy and stupidity are frowned upon here. If you show us that you have more than a solitary brain cell dying of isolation, we'll probably like you. If you act like a brain dead moron, we won't. #
Blatant racism, sexism, homophobia, or religious intolerance is the fastest way to get banned from the forum. No exceptions.
Now and then, someone will come to this board ands stir up shit by being a bigot. If you fall into this category, we reserve the right to boot you right back out. GOTH.NET is a community. If you’re here to be a bigoted prat, you’re clearly not interested in being part of this community and we will promptly take care of that discrepancy for you. #
Learn to use the Search function of this board. It’s not difficult and will minimize duplicate and “dead horse” topics.
Some topics just have a way of rearing their ugly heads over and over. Please learn to use the Search function, found at the top of the page, right under the GOTH.NET logo. Each forum and thread have a search bar right at the top of the forum/thread as well, so you can quickly find what you are looking for that way too, if you know generally where it is supposed to be. This will enable us to prevent having multiple threads on one topic, thus helping the board run more smoothly. Continual obvious failure to use the Search feature by any member will result in warnings from staff. #
Check the dates of older threads before replying. While we're always happy to see that people go back and read older topics, if a topic hasn't been posted to in a month or more, chances are the discussion has run its course. So, if you're considering posting to one of these topics, make very, very sure that you are adding something new and significant to the thread. The exceptions to the "one month" rule of thumb are few. We do have a few threads that run slowly but have been open for ages. Most notably, these are going to be threads in our Regional sections regarding specific geographic areas and threads in other sections regarding what books our members are reading, work they've submitted for critique, etc. The only way to tell the difference between one of these threads (which are sometimes pinned) and an old topic to be avoided is to familiarize yourself with the way we do things around here, and even long-running threads are not exempt from the "new & significant" requirement for your posts. #
No backseat moderating. Leave the work to the staff. Make use of the “Report” button if you feel something needs immediate attention.
Backseat moderating is any action by a member that serves only to point out another members failure to follow TheRules™. This means the general populace of GOTH.NET should not be seen telling other members not to use netspeak, telling them to get back on topic, telling them they resurrected an old topic, etc. We most definitely do not want to see strings of posts from older members telling newer members to go read TheRules™ by way of welcoming them to the board. This is neither welcoming nor necessary. #
While the staff may sometimes get a little rough when dealing with troublemakers and trolls, flaming is not tolerated among the members of GOTH.NET. Keep a level head, and help us avoid a brawl reminiscent of grade-school playground fight. #
From time to time, we have people who come here and instantly begin complaining that we insist on enforcing the rules. We also often hear members try to evade the rules by claiming a problem with authority, a right to free speech, etc. In an ideal world, a site like GOTH.NET wouldn't attract people who really just want to make trouble. In an ideal world, every new member would read TheRules™; and follow them without our staff members having to remind them. This isn't an ideal world. This board is hosted on a privately owned domain. This means the owner, PreZ, and the people they have entrusted with it, the other Administrators and Moderators, have every right to set rules and prevent you from participating here if we see fit. You do not have the right to spread hate, you do not have the right to bring private matters onto the board, you do not have the right to insult the staff or other members, and you do not have the right to throw hissy-fits and backtalk the staff if they reprimand you. These behaviors won't impress us and, in most cases, will do nothing but earn you an instant warning. If you don't like these conditions, the solution is simple: direct your browser elsewhere. #
Images: images are blocked in signatures. You should also refrain from putting them into your posts.
This shouldn’t need much explanation. There are some occasions where images within posts is all right, but this is usually a special exception that has been previously cleared with the staff. The forums will also automatically disallow you from posting images that are either more than 640px wide or 800px long. #
This rule should also be self-explanatory. We have people of all ages and walks of life on this forum. Just because you can be subversive and shocking doesn’t mean you have to be everywhere you go. #
Just a simple preface of “Not Safe For Work” in your post text should do the trick when it comes to these things. #
Avatars: Pornographic and/or offensive avatars are not permitted, don’t steal other people’s bandwidth, and make your image 100x100 pixels.
If your avatar is determined to be pornographic and/or offensive, the staff will remove it for you and send you a warning privately. If you opt not to use one of the board’s default avatars, please host the image on your own site (or Photobucket or Flickr) rather than hotlinking to someone else’s site, thus stealing their bandwidth. Also, the default avatar size is 100 x 100 pixels. If your image is bigger than that, use a graphics program to shrink it down to size rather than making the board software squash it for you. It will still take a long time to load and this is inconsiderate to the users on slower connections. If you have no graphics programs, either pick a board avatar, or ask someone to make a smaller version for you. #
New Members & Posting: You cannot start your own threads unless you have a post count of 10 or higher.
Sometimes, new users figure this out and start serial posting nonsense until they reach 10 posts, just so they can start their own thread. Usually said thread is either spam or some pathetic whining about school/parents/etc that really wasn’t that urgent and instantly falls under #3, Attention Whoring. When we see you jockeying for post count, we will smack you down with warnings until you can’t post any more. When we see you spamming, we’ll probably delete your spam, and will just put you automatically into post moderation (ie. where all your posts require approval by a moderator before being visible), which just negates all your hard work anyway. Additionally, the first three posts of ALL new users must be approved by the moderators to ensure both that they are not spammers and have understood the rules in force on the forums. #
Posting articles/copyrighted text: Refrain from plagiarizing. If the staff determines your post to be plagiarized, it will be removed. Provide links to any quoted material, and keep quotes to a minimum
People seem to forget that copy/pasting an entire article into the forum really does fall under "copyright infringement." While we don't believe the feds will come and shut the site down for it, we prefer you just post a link to it, with perhaps an interesting "teaser" bit quoted, if you can. Not to mention, most articles are way too long for a reasonably digestible post. #
Just what it says. We’re a community, not a place to pick up Hawt Gawth Grrrls (or whatever you fancy). #
including the New York Philharmonic, Boston Symphony, Singapore Symphony, Hong Kong Sinfonietta, Russian Philharmonic, and Juilliard Orchestra. Ms. Law has performed throughout North America, appearing in such venues as Lincoln Center's Avery Fisher Hall and Alice Tully Hall, Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall, the J.F. Kennedy Center, Washington, D.C. and Jordan Hall, Boston. An active chamber musician, she has collaborated with the Borromeo String Quartet, Yo-Yo Ma and Pamela Frank among others. A proponent of the interdisciplinary arts, Ms. Law collaborates with artists from other genres. Past collaborations of note include performances of the Bach Cello Suites with the Juilliard Dance Ensemble choreographed by Igal Perry, Mark Morris Dance Group, VisionIntoArt, and performances in the thematic interdisciplinary series "Voyage To The Exotics" (a series created and founded by Ms. Law in 2002).
In recent seasons, Ms. Law was invited by the office of the UN Secretary General to perform at the General Assembly of the United Nations in a memorial ceremony for the UN staff and family members of those who lost their lives in the attack on the UN compound in Baghdad, Iraq. By the invitation of the "Association of Performing Arts Presenters", Ms. Law was showcased in Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall.Other recent appearances include New York’s Bargemusic, Chicago’s Dame Myra Hess Concert Series, and at the Caramoor and Marlboro music festivals. A regular touring artist, Ms. Law has toured with “Musicians From Marlboro" and performed internationally in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Argentina, Chile, and Canada.
Ms. Law has appeared on television and radio. In 2003, Ms. Law was featured on Japan's NHK TV documentary series "New York Streets," which was broadcast nationwide. She has also appeared on PBS TV's documentary broadcast on the New England Conservatory Youth Philharmonic Orchestra's tour of Chile and Argentina, of which Ms. Law was the featured soloist. She performed at Boston's WGBH Radio and at Hong Kong's radio station. Ms. Law has recorded Wing-Fai Law's "Phantasm" with the Russian Philharmonic Orchestra for the Hugo label.
A recipient of numerous awards, Ms. Law has received the Juilliard InterArts Award, first prizes in the Juilliard Cello Concerto Competition, National Foundation for Advancement in the Arts, Kingsville International Competition, Fischoff National Competition (as a member of the Amaryllis String Quartet), the Harvard Musical Association Achievement Award, as well as local and national prizes in the American String Teacher's Association Competition and the Boston Symphony Orchestra Young Artist Competition.
Ms. Law began her cello studies with Ge Wu at the Hong Kong Academy of the Arts. At the age of 12, she moved to the US to study with Mark Churchill at Boston’s New England Conservatory Preparatory School as well as the Walnut Hill School. Ms. Law received her Bachelor of Music with Distinction from the New England Conservatory with Laurence Lesser, and her Master of Music and the prestigious Artist Diploma Program from The Juilliard School, where she studied with Joel Krosnick and Tim Eddy.
if you like what you see on this website, you can order more than 9,000 photos High Quality from more than 700 celebrities... click Here
Find and compare best interest rates and features of Business credit cards in Melton Mowbray (000) for small or corporate company with credit limit £50 000,00 in banks of UK
Find and compare interest rates and features of business deposits for 1 year in Caistor (000) with amount £50 000,00 in banks of UK
Find and compare interest rates, fees and features of personal loans for 1 year in Llantwit Major (000) with amount £10 000,00 in banks of UK
Find and compare interest rates, fees and features of personal loans for 1 year in Stocksfield (000) with amount £10 000,00 in banks of UK
Now you can play full Mad Max: Fury Road in high definition format with duration 120 Min and has been launched in 2015-05-15 and MPAA rating is 2701.
Full Length of Mad Max: Fury Road in HD Video with movie summary "An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland." in HD format. Watch full Mad Max: Fury Road in Best Quality by clicking the download link.
Now you can see Mad Max: Fury Road in HD video. Enjoy Mad Max: Fury Road video with single prepare the form by hitting the image of the sign in place button. Enjoy the many albums completely new movie together with all favourite movie internet! just play this movie Mad Max: Fury Road right now for free access this online movie. This is truly spectacular and may some of those rare wonderful. The top quality was great around. Management, graphics and image effects have been all extremely innovative as well as brilliant. The pleasure of the script, often humorous and has many heart for those his characters are extremely very ripped.
Yes, now you can view movie associated with Mad Max: Fury Road 100 % length and get the connect to this flick Mad Max: Fury Road in high definition format.
Tags: fire, slavery, future, australia, sequel, prequel, murder, suspense, rescue, on the run, escape, character name in title, tank, blood, gunfight, female warrior, fourth part, pregnancy, explosion, mad max, desert, car, convoy, heroine, worship, revolt, dystopian, peak oil, bombs, hallucinations, war, post-apocalyptic, warrior, dark future,
If you are in a situation where you have several payments each month going to various debts with high interest rates, you likely feel that you will never be able to pay everything off and live debt-free. Perhaps the volatile job market in Edmonton and surrounding areas of Alberta has affected you and your income no longer covers all of your expenses, or you've had months where payments have been missed and now you have bad credit as well. Help for any of these situations may be found in a bad credit debt consolidation loan from BMC Mortgage & Investments.
The principle behind a debt consolidation loan is to combine all of your debts under one loan to make your debt easier to manage. Often, credit card debt and other loans have high interest rates and by consolidating them, you can often get a lower interest rate, allowing you to pay off your debt sooner. In many cases, consolidating your debts results in paying out less money monthly, which can loosen your budget and make it easier to cover your living expenses.
Bad credit can affect many facets of your life from being able to drive a reliable vehicle, to renting an apartment or even securing utilities. Despite what you might think, it's not only late or skipped payments that contribute to a poor credit rating. Having too much credit available and carrying consistently high balances on your credit cards also bring your rating down. A bad credit debt consolidation loan can help you improve your credit rating while helping you get out of debt sooner, since you are replacing many smaller credit products with one loan and paying off your credit card balances.
At BMC Mortgage & Investments, we believe you and your situation are unique and that you deserve the opportunity to be heard. We don't treat you as a number and we don't have a generic computer program we feed your information to and wait for it to say whether or not you are approved. We understand that you need help and we try to provide real solutions.
If bad credit or a high debt load are making it difficult for you to meet your monthly obligations, contact BMC Mortgage & Investments and ask about a bad credit debt consolidation loan. We have been helping people just like you in Edmonton and surrounding areas of Alberta for more than two decades with real solutions to get their debt under control.
Teaches the basic knowledge, skills, and attitude essential to the safe and efficient use of a handgun for protection of self and family, and to provide information on the law-abiding individual’s right to self-defense.
Prerequisite: This course is for law-abiding adult citizens, as defined by applicable federal, state, or local law, and experienced shooters (shooters able to show mastery of the basic skills of safe gun handling, shooting a group, zeroing the firearm, and cleaning the firearm). Prospective participants can demonstrate that they have the requisite knowledge, skills, and attitudes by producing an NRA Basic Pistol Course Certificate, NRA FIRST Steps Course Certificate, NRA pistol competitive shooting qualification card, military DD 214 with pistol qualification, or passing the Pre-Course Assessment.
Description: This is an eight-hour course. Students should expect to shoot 100-200 rounds of ammunition. Students will learn basic defensive shooting skills, strategies for home safety and responding to a violent confrontation, firearms and the law, how to choose a handgun for self-defense, and continued opportunities for skill development. Students will receive the NRA Guide to the Basics of Personal Protection In The Home handbook, NRA Gun Safety Rules brochure, the Winchester/NRA Marksmanship Qualification booklet, and course completion certificate.
Note: Lesson III of this course: Firearms and the Law, and Legal Aspects of Self-Defense, is conducted by an attorney licensed to practice law within the state in which this course is given and who is familiar with this area of the law, or a Law Enforcement Officer (LEO) who possesses an intermediate or higher Peace Officer Standards and Training (POST) certificate granted within the state, or an individual currently certified to instruct in this area of the law by the state in which this course is presented. NRA Certified Instructors may conduct this lesson only if they meet the requirements stated above and then only in their capacity as an attorney, or other state certified individual not in their capacity as an NRA Certified Instructor.
Please note: Item(s) will be held for 24 hours from the time the confirmation email is sent. After 48 hours, your reservation will be terminated and the item(s) will return to store stock.
Reservations are processed by staff in the store you have selected, so outside of regular store hours, and during periods of increased store traffic, your confirmation email may arrive after more than 30 minutes.
If you wish to cancel your reservation, simply call the store you chose for pick up and they will process your cancellation.
Sometimes an item may show as being available for pick up at barrys.ca, but by the time the store actually receives your order and looks for the item(s) to reserve, this item may have already been sold to another customer. This is why it is important to wait until you receive your Reserve and Pick Up email before going into the store. For Limited Quantity items, we reserve the right to decline orders to ensure stock is available for our walk-in customers.
Yes. When reserving your item online, be sure to enter the other person’s contact information so that the item can be reserved under their name. They will receive a notification email within 30 minutes (during store hours), after which time they can head to the store and purchase the item.
High Polished Tungsten and Black Ceramic Ring for Men Stylish and sophisticated in design, this 8mm High Polished Tungsten and Black Ceramic Ring for Men is a stunning piece of jewelry for fashionable gents. A clever combination of polished tungsten and jet-black ceramic, this beveled ring for men is a real statement piece that complements both professional and casual attire. You can personalize the inside of this ring with our engraving service to create something truly unique.
Finally, you can do it your self! Click View the Message Board below to see what people have written and click Reply to reply to a message or just say something!!!
There is still no cure for Alzheimer’s today, but we have learned that Alzheimer’s patients have a sense of fear and detachment that is incomprehensible to healthy individuals. It begins with a sense of loss, confusion and disorientation, and then proceeds to episodes of paranoia, often leading to drastic personality changes and death. Imagine feeling trapped in a glass box with no one but strangers speaking in foreign languages attending to your needs. Or worse, simply imagine the glass box.
On a positive note, new meds are continuously being discovered to delay the onset of Alzheimer’s and I believe a cure is on the horizon. Studies are currently being made on the blood brain barrier which consists of a layer of cells that line the inner walls of the blood vessels of the brain. This barrier blocks the passage of toxins while allowing oxygen, sugar and other nutrients to the brain. If scientists can find a way to penetrate the blood brain block so that medications can pass directly to the affected portion of the brain, we may be able to dissolve the plaques and harness the disease. Amyloid beta proteins are responsible for the formation of plaques on the brain related to Alzheimer’s. However, these proteins are unable to cross the barrier unless they attach themselves to a much larger molecule known as RAGE (Receptor for Advanced Glycation End product) This process also reduces normal blood flow to the brain aggravating brain degeneration. By disabling the RAGE molecule through genetic engineering, it is possible that the damaging amyloid protein will be unable to anchor itself to the brain, thus preventing the dreaded disease.
Heredity also plays an important part in passing on the Alzheimer’s gene but I am hopeful that a cure will be found during the lifetime of my children.
Much is expected from the modern day locksmith services .Besides helping with basic situations like lock change, lock repair, and key making, the customers want us to reprogram smart locks and install high-security locks in Mitman. Besides that, we also double up as your security adviser especially for the commercial sector. Amphi AZ Locksmith Store offers all this and more. Approach us and we will deal with all kinds of situations effectively in Mitman.
In our day-to-day lives lock and key troubles are not a rarity. These tend to happen quite often. However complex the situations might seem, our rescue vehicles will be on the spot to deal with it effectively. We are your most dependable nearest locksmith in Mitman.
We have an uncanny understanding of how the market works. Our firm even anticipates problems that might occur in specific situations. This way we remain ready to deal with all kinds of problems. It is the secret behind our prompt response and quality services every time as your mobile locksmith in Mitman.
Whether for your residences, your vehicle, or your office, we have a wide range of solutions that meet your budget and needs. We are your residential, business locksmith, and auto locksmith in Mitman all rolled into one. Just come to us and you do not need to go anywhere else ever again.
We are with you through the day and the night with a help desk ever ready to take your distress calls. Our 24/7 locksmiths in Mitman understand very well that certain problems require immediate solutions. There is zero waiting time. We will be on our way with fully equipped mobile vans to wherever you are located.
Being prompt on the job is extremely crucial because you need help fast. When emergency strikes, our expert team will hop on the well-maintained vans to be with you. Just make sure to give us a call without waiting.
Through the years, we have sealed our position as the topmost service provider in Mitman. Call us and you’ll know why!
We are offering logistics services for East Coast with pickups in southern Wisconsin, northern Illinois (Chicago regions) and northwest Indiana to destinations all along the east coast; New York, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Vermont, Maryland, Virginia, West Virgina, Georgia, Florida. Along with our East coast destinations we now also serve the states of Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, Nevada and California.
Copyright © 2011 Go To Logisitcs ® All Rights Reserved. Website development and design by Eurograf Design
paid apps for android free download upgrade android market the best dating website adults wallpaper download more android apps
One of the best ways to keep track or what we are doing is to follow our Facebook page, just the click the link in the top right corner and you'll automatically subscribe to our Facebook channel. We update it regularly with notification about our comic updates, projects and other original content.
You've seen a comic you think is awesome and want the world the know about it? Use the share button on top of the comic to post a link to your wall for all your friends to see! Like and Share our facebook posts to make sure your friends know about us and our work. These small things are some of the best ways to support us and make sure we reach more people!
We can be found on Pinterest with general art and illustration. We post weekly on communities like Reddit as watkanjewel, on 9gag as couldbeworsecom and don't forget to follow our tumblr account!
While surfing the web most people will use a browser add-on that prevents all those spammy pop-ups and sound playing ads. For most websites that provide free content the advertisement is their only way of income to make sure that the website stays online. Webhosting, promotion and time spend on creating original and hilarious content cost money. We are making sure that the ads that we show on our website are safe, non pop-ups and have no sound playing. The best way to help us, without any extra effort on your side, is to make sure you except our websites from your ad-blocking add-on. If your browser isn't listed below, you can't find a way to disable it even with our awesome tips, or have an older version, please refer to your local IT-nerd for help!
On the bar on the top of the browser window you can find the Extra tab. Go to AdBlock(Plus) and click the Disable for CouldBeWorse-comic.com.
We are looking to provide various types of merchandise in the near future. Want to have something for yourself or give somebody the best gift they'll ever get? Why not get something from your favourite comic!
You want to support our cause and make sure we can effort webhosting, pencils, food and new chainmail armor for our next LARP event? Use our donate button and your paypall acount to directly fund our mission to make sure the world is a slightly funnier place!
of course you feel a bit bitter and melancholic, but that's the mark of a great work (felt the same when I finished reading the lord of the rings, it's really bugging to leave a universe and characters you've come to know so well).
really, appart from wishing there was more of it to play, I find nothing to criticize, this triptic has been a hell of a ride...
From September 2014, all children in Reception, Year 1 and 2 are eligible to receive a Universal Infant Free School Meal.
If you wish your child to receive a meal, please ensure you return the application sent out and your menu choices.
Free school meals are available to all children whose parents qualify by meeting the criteria below. Children must be in school all day and they will be provided with a meal at lunchtime that is paid for by the school.
Your school will receive a pupil premium of between £900 and £1900 for every pupil registered for Free School Meals under the criteria below. Even if your child does not want to take up the Free School Meal please ensure that they are registered if they are entitled as this extra funding will benefit all pupils.
Copyright © 2018 Countess Gytha Primary School | Ofsted Registration Number: 123659 | School website design by CK Creative
About • Advertise • Copyright • Sitemap • Visit our sister publication Standard Time covering all musical genres. go
<iframe width="426" height="262" src="http://www.couplesseduceteens.com/en/s1/trailer/embed/10795/?trailerQuality=5&device=pc&revid=1187" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<iframe width="426" height="262" src="http://www.couplesseduceteens.com/en/s1/trailer/embed/8535/?trailerQuality=5&device=pc&revid=57040" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Tell A Friend About 'Fashion Authentic men Merrell uomo TRAVELER SPHERE ESPRESSO camoscio/Nubuck Scarpe j UK X'
eMarrakech : Capitonnées de senseurs et reliées à Internet, Les lunettes Google mêlent devant les yeux monde réel et virtuel.
Battleships, Yachts, Sailboats, Cruise Ships, Canoes, Kayaks, Fishing Boats, Ferries, Trawlers, Catamarans...
This clipart image is copyright protected. Please click on the "Licence This Image" button to find out how you may use this image legally.
Stories are all works of fiction. Names, characters, place and events are the product of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events and places is totally coincidental
He was sitting quietly on a long bench made from thick wooden slats, the bench stretched across the whole width of the cell and was firmly embedded into the wall at both ends. His head cradled in his palms as he stared at the floor, Fafo was full of self pity and regret. His immaculately shined shoes was at one end of the bench while he sat at the other end.
It had been impossible to get any sleep because of the noise coming from an adjacent cell. The police officers had stopped checking up on the female occupant who was raising hell with her banging and shrieking. Her yelling only confirmed to them that she was alright, so they ignored her shouting, but she never gave up, the noise continued till dawn. They looked in on her more frequently now, because she was quiet.
"This wasn't supposed to happen," he thought, all the planning, assurances and precaution seems to have been for nothing. The door opened, a policeman walked in carrying what was obviously breakfast. The officer put the tray next to him and left just as abruptly as he'd entered. The cell door slammed shut and he was on his own again. The last thing on his mind was food, in fact, it was the least of his problems as he considered his options.
Fafo stood up, yawned and stretched to remove the stiffness and creakiness he felt in his joints. He strolled over to the stained toilet bowl, unzipped and did his business. He went back to the wooden bench, sat and continued contemplating. He heard the door of the adjacent cell being opened, the female occupant was now swearing at the cops, "fucking assholes, bastards," and other words that were completely alien to him. She was now being escorted out of her cell to somewhere, he was surprised at the fortitude and patience of her escort. Where he came from, she would have been beaten to a pulp by now.
His breakfast remained untouched, the food and this environment were entirely alien to him. Even if he had been hungry, he still would not have eaten the meal. Where he came from, nobody trusted policemen, especially those who never react to provocation. They were usually the worst of the whole lot, the calm exterior usually hid their cruel intent. When coppers are this polite, they were usually planning something unpleasant.
There was still some hope that he could get himself out. All his possessions was taken, he had been searched but they hadn't found the charm, and he planned on using it to escape at the first opportunity that came his way....
On The Planet Is sitting up in his bed. His mind is in a turmoil, whirring in a hundred different directions all at once. H...
HOT TOPIC And Fake News Are trending. So, "what is the difference between a hoax and fake news?" They both seemed very simil...
Remembering Ambrose Campbell The quayside was where most of the seamen hung out while on shore leave. From that section of the Lagos wa...
http://musicartindesign.blogspot.co.uk/ Great Art, design and creative works that takes my breath away!
Short stories, Hot Topics and relevant information on Music and the Arts! The official Blog page for Bodederek.com seeking to educate, entertain and inform. We invite aspiring writers to showcase their talent here. Read short stories for free here!
By mid-morning he was with detectives in an office within the station. Two plainclothes officers sat opposite Fafo, while one spoke, the other seemed to be sizing him up. Their questions were numerous but they were not getting any answers out of this prisoner; if only they knew what was going on inside Fafo's head, they would have left the questioning until later.
Apart from confirming his name, date of birth and that he had been a passenger on the flight from Lagos, the prisoner kept his silence. From time to time, he would mumble sounds that seem to be words in a foreign language. At one point, he stood up and raised his left leg. Alarmed, thinking he would get violent, the detectives also jumped to their feet and firmly asked him to sit down.
"Do you realise how much trouble you are in?" one of the officers asked, he got no reply. They asked about his contacts in London, where he intended to stay in the city and how long he planned to stay and got no answer but mumbles. The officers were totally at a loss by the time they returned him to his cell at lunchtime.
Fafo sat on the wooden bench in the cell and for the first time, the gravity of his situation hit him. He buried his head in his hands and began to weep. He wondered what would happen to him thousands of miles from home. What would his friends and family say? He was also beginning to doubt the effectiveness of the charm that he had so confidently depended on. He had been guaranteed that the charm would get him out of a sticky situation if one were to arise. Now he wasn't so sure anymore.
He had been offered the services of a lawyer which he had ignored. Now he was thinking seriously about asking for a lawyer. What would he say to the lawyer or anyone, how could he rationally explain his bold decision to carry a suitcase full of class A drugs and travel to Heathrow airport without any attempt at concealment. People would think he was a stupid fool (which he knew he wasn't) or he was a crazy lunatic who belongs in an asylum (which he now thought could be the answer). He made a decision to ask for a lawyer next time the cops come to question him.
Short stories, Hot Topics and relevant information on Music and the Arts! The official Blog page for Bodederek.com seeking to educate, entertain and inform. We invite aspiring writers to showcase their talent here. Read short stories for free here
Third World the group toured Nigeria many decades ago. A versatile band that captured the essence of Nigeria of those days with this song "Lagos Jump."
The band supported the Jacksons, and toured with the Wailers at the beginning of their career. Their 1977 album "96 Degrees in the Shade" had a few hits on it and struck a chord with Nigerian Music lovers (who were just recovering from FESTAC).
Third World were more fusion oriented than most bands and this probably contributed to their longevity. As far as I'm aware, they are still performing.
I'm posting this because I just found out today that the lead singer William "Bunny Rugs" Clarke is ill
After FESTAC i.e. The World Black Arts Festival in the 70's, an occasion that brought to Nigeria, some of the most talented acts of that era. Third World came to Africa on tour and rocked our socks off. They memorialised the tour with the track "Lagos Jump."
"We, the People, recognise that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defence."
Both are gifted orators, have plenty of followers and shed loads of charisma. Their views on incarceration in America are almost identical...
"No society wants you to become wise ~ it's against the investment of all societies. If people are wise, they cannot be exploited. If they are intelligent, they cannot be subjugated; they cannot be forced into a mechanical life to live like a robot. They will assert their individuality. They will have the fragrance of rebellion around them; they would like to live in freedom. Freedom comes with wisdom, intrinsically, they are inseparable. No society wants people to be free." ~ Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh (Osho 1931 - 1990) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rajneesh
What are your views on drugs and incarceration? Both are inexorably linked as policy on one affects the other. I'm curious to know what you think.
Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row is one interesting product. People want and as many searches on the Internet. .If you are curious about shopping for Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row for your home, please select one among the categories below to help filter your results inside our online catalogs. If you prefer to search all product offered by a specific manufacturer instead, please visit the products section page and you will find a listing of all of our current online manufacturers catalogs.You can see pricing information, offers and item critiques for headboards
. Purchase on-line these days and acquire quick, totally free Shipping and delivery for the company.click right here..
Choose the best Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row Discounts & Sales furnishings makes your home look stylish and brings about the oomph effect. The sturdy building and authentic designs mix nicely with the interiors and become a part of it. Wooden furniture is durable & practical. Therefore, many people go for Competitive Pricing Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row Compare & Buy decorating. However, to be able to buy an impressive piece of Top Design and Selection Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row Affordable furnishings, that is long lasting & affordable, you have to keep some things in mind.
Below are some useful tips mentioned, which can help you out of trouble Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row .
- Intend to purchase a sturdy Indulge in luxury Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row Compare prices piece of furniture. In case should you move out of the home the piece will stay damage free.
- Go for solid wood and check the caliber of Huge Variety of Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row Best Dealsthe furniture completely. This should help you in avoiding any kind of reduction in long term.
- Consider the color too. Choose the color which completely goes with your inside in addition to compliment it.
- If you are searching toward purchase aNew 2018 Styles for Delray Linen Upholstered Panel Headboard + Mercury Row SALE &cabinet or upper body of drawer then go for all those that have great bonding glues. Check if the hinges are constructed with top quality and can offer the furniture well.
- If you absence ideas, then check out some designs on the Internet. Online wood furniture shops provide plenty of awestruck styles that will immediately grab your every glimpse.
- Looking at furnishings online is a good idea as it also gives you an idea concerning the cost & style. So, you can save you time & energy.
- Do not fall for low-cost because they offer reduced-high quality furnishings. The price will definitely induce you, but the furnishings will not continue for long.
To be able to buy furniture that is a complete win-earn piece then you should browse the options on the internet. Various online wooden furnishings stores offer enchanting furniture in budget friendly costs. So, you can buy something for your home without having to burn a hole in your pocket. Online stores give simple accessibility consumers to make their furniture buying encounter much better.After choosing the decorating for your house, check if the store has a safe payment entrance for a safer transaction. It is important to keep your personal data private. If you don't want to spend right away, you'll be able to choose the Call of duty (cash on shipping) option, that is a more safer choice.Many of the on the internet wood decorating stores do not cost for house shipping, and so the shipping charges could be saved. Apart from that online retailers take 3-4 times for standard shipping check that out as well.
This is so sweet will make an excellent product. Great customer service, blocked, quality ready to product. Thank you Buy At
Metallic Nickel Painted Fiberglass Rear Cap Quiet Cool Air Conditioning System Exclusive MDR/Ryde LRE 4100 Suspension Premium Ultra High Gloss Noble Classic Fiberglass Exterior Under floor heated upper deck bedroom and bathroom floor Solid Hardwood Residential Cherry Cabinet Framing OUTSIDE: Length: 35.6, 3 Slides, 66 gal fresh water tank, 93 gal gray water tank, 50 gal black water tank (all tanks thermostatically heated). Two power awnings to protect entire door side. Lights under the awnings. Wireless back up camera. Six-point push button hydraulic self leveling jacks. Large heated/cooled basement garage storage compartment with slam latch lockable doors. Aluminum Rims. Outside entertainment center with TV/DVD and radio with CD. INSIDE: Sound system, Arctic Package, Fantastic Fan, welcome home lights come on automatically when you open the door. Pillow top leather heated theater seating with cup holders and console. Leather sofa that folds out into a queen bed. Lots of overhead storage. Ceiling fan. Front to rear arched ceiling with crown molding and LED accent strip lighting. 66 inch extra tall main slide-out heights. Washer & dryer prep. 48 inch Samsung HD TV with blu-ray player and receiver. Stone fireplace/heater. Quiet cool air conditioning system. Day / Night dual roller shades in living area. Power Vent Fan in kitchen and bath. Table and chairs with leaf. Sleeps 4. 30 inch stainless steel Microwave/Convection Oven with fan,18 cu foot four-door electric/gas Norcold stainless steel fridge. Stainless Steel 3-burner gas range with oven. Solid surface kitchen and bath countertops with flush range and sink covers. Large kitchen island with large/deep 70/30 stainless steel sink and brushed nickel arched faucet that pulls down for rinsing dishes. Kitchen Hutch provides extra counter space and overhead cabinet. Large lighted pantry. Central Vac with interior and exterior ports and toe kick floor clean vent. Shower has tri-slide glass shower door with seat, porcelain toilet, large/deep linen closet in bathroom and mirrored medicine cabinet above sink.. Bedroom has shelves, windows and outlets on each side of the king bed a window seat that lifts up for a clothes hamper, a 3rd TV in bedroom above the 4-drawer dresser Cedar lined storage under the bed. IMMACULATE CONDITION: NO smoking, no pets,, EVERYTHING works.
LED rechargeable battery lamp three hose lamp TV background wall lattice shop jewelry counter portable lamp lamp-in Book Lights from Lights & Lighting
LED rechargeable battery lamp three hose lamp TV background wall lattice shop jewelry counter portable lamp lamp
electric circuit power Promotion english easy test Promotion clamp table lamp Promotion led desk lamp review Promotion battery led string lights Promotion lamps battery powered Promotion creative table lamp Promotion battery operated table lamps Promotion led table lamp Promotion
Flexible gooseneck tube to adjust its height and angle,long life LEDs, ultra portable and lightweight .
Wholesale light bike Wholesale led light bicycle Wholesale bluetooth bike speaker Wholesale dynamo light Wholesale led tail Wholesale 12v bike light Wholesale bike lights wheel Wholesale 7 motorcycle headlamp Wholesale bike side lights
monitor pc led Price bike mount flashlight Price bike powered light Price monitor led backlight Price bike lights spokes Price monkey led Price bike parts tires Price monitor led light Price bike night light Price
Please contact us before leaving any negative or neutral feedback. We will work with you to solve any problems. Customer service is our No.1 goal. We want to know your suggestion and opinions on our goods and services by your feedbacks.
Freeshipping by china post. Usually It will take 10-40days for your shipping. Because it will take 7-20days from China Customs to your Customs, and it may be take some times for processing in Post offices and Customs.
Thank you so much for your attention,hereby I have to tell you that this item will be shipped by China post air mail . it will take longer time than other shipping company,but that is why it is at a such brilliant price!----above all,your item will be taken good care and when you receive it,pls confirm the delivery on aliexpress.
We will Ship your Order On Time, But the Delivery Date is only depend on the Shipping Method Which you choose! If you need the item urgently, pls contact us to upgrade the shipping service to other shipping company by paying extra upgrading fees. So we hope don\'t leaving any negative or neutral feedback because of the long time shipping. The Positive feedback is important to seller on aliexpress. We will leave messages to you when there is any delay in shipping. Because of the bad weather and holidays, Maybe there are some delay. But we don\'t hope get more negative or neutral feedback as the long time shipping. Thank you for your forgive! Thank you again!!!
We may be choose the shipping company depending on your shipping cost not your choice. Pls contact us if you have special requirements for your shipping.
Thank you very much for your support all the time,and We expect to your understanding and come in near future.Trust us,we are able to do it better and try to offer you better service too.
Event Description: Students will take orders for live poinsettia plants from October 15 thru November 9, 2018. Plant dimension are 6 1/2 inch pot with average plant height of 14-16 inches tall. We have until November 13th to increase or decrease our order amount. Payment is due to Headstart Nursery on day of delivery/pick-up on November 29th. Poinsettias will be picked up from Headstart Nursery by event volunteers and distributed on 12/1/17 from 9am to 1pm by event volunteers.
1. MOST IMPORTANTLY, they must be able to pick up what they order from you on a Saturday morning December 1 at Santa Teresa High School between 9AM and 1PM.
3. When you make a sale, please give the purchaser the white copy of the receipt and you will keep the yellow copy of the receipt. Please put the student’s name in the area marked “Salesperson:”
In your packet will be a flyer detailing the 3 types of trees and additional items, a FAQ’s and overcoming objections document, 3 order forms, and a worksheet about the poinsettias with an example of how to complete the order forms.
– Students must enter an email address and phone number so we can send a reminder of pick up date and location.
– Please make sure that the students complete the pickup date and location on the bottom portion of the receipt.
– The order forms are 2 parts. The top copy should go to the customer and the bottom would be returned with cash or checks written out to STMAA
– If someone places an order they must be able to pick up on 12/1 between 9am-1pm as there will be no other pick up time offered.
You can donate to the band program by sending a check to STMAA, P.O. Box 23761, San Jose, CA 95153 or by clicking on the Affinipay image below
If making a donation to the music marathon please put "music marathon" in the reference area on the payment page
Copyright © 2018 Santa Teresa Music and Arts Association. All rights reserved. WordPress Theme by WPZOOM
Due to a family emergency we will not be able to process your orders from our site for the foreseeable future. We sincerely apologise for this inconvenience.
All website content & copy: Bodlon 2012. Copying any part of the site or its content is strictly prohibited.
Sokol Blosser is the ultimate family-run winery. Bill Blosser and Susan Sokol Blosser first planted grapes in the Willamette Valley in 1971. Since then, they've grown into one of the most classic producers of Oregon wines. Come find out why on Thursday October 25 from 5-7pm!
Our highly personalized 24-hour service, combined with high quality, embodies a home away from home for those who know and appreciate the best.
BANS is fully equipped to meet the varied needs of our guests. It houses a helipad and is well connected by rail, air, and road and equipped with modern state-of-the-art requirements for seasoned travelers, enabling you to mix business with fun.
If you are going to purchase an iPad app to FTP to Netspace from off-campus, you’ll need one that does secure FTP (SFTP). FTP Client Pro ($1.99) does *not* support secure FTP, and so that application will work only if you are already on campus and using the Bucknell.edu wireless network. The more expensive ($9.99) FTPOnTheGo Pro *does* support SFTP. When configuring the software, […]
Cyberduck If you have a university owned computer that is on campus, install Cyberduck from Applications/Self Service. If you have a personally owned Macintosh or a university owned Mac that is off-campus, use these instructions. Download Cyberduck from this link Double click the zip file. A Cyberduck icon will be placed on your desktop. Drag […]
The Bucknell Virtual Private Network (VPN) is a tool that allows users to access many of Bucknell’s network resources from a computer that is off campus. The VPN provides a more secure connection to Bucknell’s network, while providing easy access to the following services: File Services on Netspace Use specific software Access Restricted Websites The VPN […]
There are two ways of doing this, the newer, easier way and the old fashioned way. A) The easier way Install and run the BU Network Drives program. This program will install an icon on your desktop called ‘BU Network Drives.’ Double-click the icon to start the process of connecting. You will be prompted for […]
All students have secure file server space on a server called Netspace. You can store files there and access them from wherever you have a network connection. You can also use the “drop box” feature to give a file to a student or faculty member. To learn more about Netspace, just search Ask Library & […]
After installing the latest version of the VPN software, install the BU Network Drives tool. After installing this tool, there will be an icon on your Desktop named BU Network Drives. Launch the VPN and connect to Bucknell using your Bucknell username and password. Launch BU Network Drives and enter your Bucknell username and password […]
I’m 18 and I’m not new to the idea of nudism/naturism. In fact I once tried to talk my mom in to it when I was 14 but she made a joke about it and told me it would never happen. Now that I’m a legal adult I really want to go to a nude beach but I live in Illinois so there are no nude beaches here. I’m thinking about going to Mazo beach this summer in Wisconsin, but one of my biggest concerns is getting an erection. This is going to be my first time nude outdoors and around others so I’ve already accepted the fact that I will get one or more erections just from the excitement of being nude outdoors, is this beach generally okay with that as long as I’m not flaunting it around or would I be expected to wrap a towel around me or go for swim until it passes? I’m also thinking about inviting 2 very close family friends (a brother and sister) I’ve known them both since I was 6. A little info on them, the guy might as well be my brother, I love him (no homo) and we’ve had normal conversations nude in the showers after hockey practice but I know he gets kinda shy when there are other people besides just me and him in the shower. The girl is sort of like a Tom-boy, she also plays hockey and she’s played on boys teams too. I had a crush on her a long time ago but now we’re just really close friends, she’s very very attractive and even though I think of her as a sister seeing her naked is bound to give an erection. Sorry for the long question but I really want to live the nudist lifestyle and I want to know how I should bring up the idea of a trip to a nude beach to my friends
Andrea Rodgers is the Founder of Miss A (AskMissA.com), which covers the intersection of charity and lifestyle for 1.5 million unique readers annually. Based in Washington, DC, Miss A has a presence in 21 U.S. cities with 30 editors and hundreds of writer. Andrea was inspired after 9/11, and became heavily involved in Washington’s charity circuit in an effort to give back to the community. At the core of the Miss A brand is Andrea’s personal belief in the positive power of volunteering and charity — not only to benefit those less fortunate, but to improve the individual, business or brand that gives their time, money and energy to a cause. AskMissA.com serves as a technological platform which connects editors, writers and readers around this core belief and shines a spotlight on the best nonprofits, charity events, cause marketing campaigns and philanthropic & stylish people, businesses and brands to inspire others to get involved.
Andrea Rodgers is a member of the Vogue 100, a hand-selected group by Vogue magazine of 100 influential decision makers and opinion leaders across the country known for their distinctive taste in fashion & culture. She has been featured in Vogue, W and Allure, CNN, Fox News, NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting, TV Tokyo, France 24, Alhurra, USA Today, Washington Post & Politico.
I hope that everyone will save the date for the Opening of Paws, Purrs & Exotics Animal Hospital from 12:00 – 6:00 p.m. this Saturday, July 18th. I’m excited to announce that Alexandria’s Mayor William D. Euille is expected to attend and participate in a ribbon cutting ceremony at 2:00 p.m. on Saturday to celebrate the opening of the first African-American owned animal hospital in Alexandria, and one of the very few in the DC Metro area.
Bring your dog to win great prizes in our Dog Show, which will take place right after the opening ceremony. At 4:00 p.m., we’ll have a Doggie Fashion Show showcasing handmade pieces designed by Kristina Robertson, Owner of Barkley Square Bakery & Boutique and Karing by Kristina pet sitting.
I want to thank my friend, Mrs. Alexandria, Michelle D’Ettorre for writing about the event for Local Kicks, which is a great website for all things Alexandria!
This will be a really fun and wholesome event, which is perfect for kids and families! Hope to see you all there!
Coupons.com has some interesting NEW grocery coupons for us today. I’ve highlighted them below. Just go to coupons.com (click here) to print the coupons you want.
**This post contains my affiliate link. Thank you so much for supporting this site by using my links. Your support helps keep this site FREE and also helps support my families goals of becoming debt free and serving as international missionaries. To learn more about my affiliate links, please read my disclosure statement.**
CEO of www.AProverbsWife.com | Married to the greatest man I know besides Jesus Christ. | Mom to 4 beautiful children | Sharing inspiration and resources for today's Proverbs 31 wives & women!
Please continue to stay with us at Hotel 1600, where you will be offered the same friendly service, free continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, and more. For more information please call 202.293.8000.
【Supreme】METALLIC BOX LOGO LS TEE ブラック M【FW17KN39】 関税送料込み【Steve Madden】Nonstp 靴 ヒール よい C874 Brioni リアルクロコベルト ダークピーコック ★ 80
Located at the south of Argentina, Patagonia is a land of beauty, with deserts, mountains, glaciers, lakes, and foremost, its mystique! It is comprised by five provinces, and covers a third of the total territory of Argentina.
In the provinces in the west, neighboring with Chile, the Andes mountain range shows its beauty. Millennial forests with native vegetable species are extended along the shores of glistening waters. On top of the mountains, nature overflows with granite peaks and ice fields spreading their glacier tongues into lakes of unsurpassable beauty.
To the East, on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean, imposing mammals and sea birds, halfway between real life and fantasy, spend certain seasons on the rough coasts of Patagonia where they complete part of their life cycle. Seal colonies play on the islets and sandbanks. The world’s most important continental elephant seal colony is located in Peninsula Valdés. Every year, southern right whales come to Nuevo and San José gulfs to breed. Patagonian hares, ñandúes (South American ostrich) and guanacos (llamas) run wildly on the steppes, and the largest colony of Magellanic penguins in the world is located in Punta Tombo. This life cycle, repeated since time immemorial, unfolds itself in front of the astonished visitors’ eyes.
In the south, Tierra del Fuego province and the world’s southernmost continental settlement, Ushuaia, are the gateway towards the vast and mysterious Antarctica.
The myth was ever since the first men arrived to the southern edge of Patagonia canals ten thousand years ago. Their ethnical origins were diverse but surely all of them came in from the north and belonged to tribes that crossed the Bering Strait during the glacial age. During their development, these tribes inherited from other ones the same material, spiritual and racial influences. These men fished and hunted for survival and were nomads leaving little or none evidence of those days and their ethnics. At the Magellan Strait, there are currently two dominant ethnic types, which descend from those of the old days: The canoe aborigines (alacalufes and yámanas) and the land aborigines (Onas in the Tierra del Fuego Island and Tehuelches or Patagones in the continent). Evidence of cultural expression are the, semicircular shelters used for temporary lodging by groups of hunters, as well as pyramidal burial mounds. Surprisingly, there are abundant imprints and paintings, some of them in excellent conditions like the ones at the Hands Cave, next to the River Pinturas, in the province of Chubut.
The best reference of native inhabitants has been obtained in the archeological sites of El Juncal, near the city of Viedma, in the east of the Province of Ro Negro. The "Black Skulls" were found there, so called because of the salt impregnation during their long burial.
Then came the so-called Desert Conquest, a war between the white population of Buenos Aires and the natives dominant in the south of Argentina. It was the cruelest war in the history of Argentina. The goal was land, needed for growing crops and raising livestock for meet and leather; the area was in transition between two completely different indigenous races. One came from the pampas and the other one from the Pacific Andes: the argentine Tehuelches and Chilean Mapuches.
The Tehuelches inhabited from the Colorado River to the Magellanic canals. They were nomads, spoke the Ken group language and were hunters of guanacos and ostriches. Their physical appearance was stout; their average height was 6 ft. 10 in., with a thin and elongated head. They were called Patagones because of their large foot prints left on soil and snow. The origin of the name Patagonia is the word Patagones which was used to refer to a land of 'large-footprint people,' and was first used by the Spaniard conquerors in early 1500.
Antonio Pigafetta, a member of Magellan's expedition, described his encounter with a Tehuelche native:
"One day, a gigantic man appeared before us. He was so big that our head would barely reach his waist. His face was wide and painted in red. His robe was made of skins, of a local animal, and well sawn. This animal has the head and ears of a mule, body of a camel, deer legs and the tail of a horse...He was wearing some sort of shoes made with the same skin…”
The life of the Tehuelches was conditioned by a very hostile environment: terrible winds, extremely cold winters and lack of water, which prevented them from farming.
In contrast, the Mapuches were short and robust, with a wide and round head, with a superior cultural level due to their sedentary customs. They were farmers and hunters, with knowledge of weaving and pottery. The Mapuches (meaning "people from the land") originally inhabited Chilean territory and remain in reductions still now adayds in Northwest Patagonia. In the 18th century, driven by the Spanish invasion, they learned to ride horses and moved to other lands. The entered the Patagonia, which marked the beginning of the agony of the Tehuelche population.
They occupied northern Patagonia and the south of the Pampa plains, and given their more evolved culture and bellicosity, they imposed their customs and language, and finally overpowered them. This, added to the Spanish extermination and the incorporation of white cultural features, determined the end of the Tehuelches. Some of the present groups are descendants of the original tribes, with leaders and chiefs; others were built based on dispersed families and ethnic mixtures.
The present areas occupied by Patagonian settlers correspond in its majority to arid lands, with low precipitation, scarce and hard grass. They are poor in organic matter, with no meaningful water resources, neither superficial nor underground. The climate is cold and harsh, with extreme temperatures most of the year, seven months of drought and dry and intense winds. These special geographical and climatic conditions prevented the development of suitable vegetable species for feeding cattle and population. As a result, the main industry is sheep and goat breeding.
Through the centuries, white men postponed the occupation of those territories, and limiting to the possession of these lands for the extensive exploitation of the sheep herds. This facilitated the permanence of those aborigines, who constitute the most important indigenous group in the country. The Mapuche population in the region is today estimated at 40,000, although the young immigrate to the cities in search of economic welfare.
Patagonia was also a dreamland for explorers. Most of them were probably not seeking gold or personal wealth like those heading to the rest of South America. Instead, they were driven by a thirst for knowledge and the discovery of new species, in order to describe the natural world that surrounded them.
Frenchman D'Orbigny and later Charles Darwin, the famous Englishman, were in Patagonia during the first half of the nineteenth century. D'Orbigny devoted his efforts to the area at the Negro River Lower Valley, where he made important discoveries, particularly in the ethnological area. The naturalist Charles Darwin arrived in Argentina in 1832, aboard the famous Beagle ship that was commanded by Captain Fitz Roy. During the next two years, this English vessel performed thorough researches covering the whole of the southern tip of the country.
During his trip, Darwin used the phrase "damned land" to describe Patagonia. Although it is true he used this description to refer to a particular area (the Santa Cruz river), he also made clear in many passages of his writings that he was totally amazed by the surrounding landscapes, which he openly admired.
A bit later, during the second half of the nineteenth century, other well known explorers and scientists followed these first men's (D'orbigny and Darwin) steps. At least two of them should be mentioned: Musters, who did not have a scientific background himself but compensated this with his skills and passion for observation, and of course, the famous Francisco Perito Moreno, whose remains rest at a small island in the middle of Lake Nahuel Huapi, surrounded by one of the most beautiful places on earth.
The colonization method used by the Spanish was quite different from the one exerted in the United States, which was based upon rural colonization. In Argentina, the model was urban colonization and, as a consequence, huge territories (Patagonia included) were left unpopulated. This determined to a great extent the uneven demographic development of Argentina. Right from the beginning, the existence of large land tracts with scarce human presence posed a problem for the governments. That's why there were widely adopted criteria that "to govern is to populate," which led to the adoption of official plans specifically devised to attract colonists, preferably European.
Within Patagonia, many of them came from Northern Europe: Germans and Swiss in the province of Rio Negro, while in Santa Cruz province's estancias there were English and Scottish. In Chubut, there is definitely a predominance of the Welsh, and of course, there are plenty of Italian and Spanish, who specialized in the planting of fruits and vegetables.
Nowadays, Patagonia is experiencing a growth in population with many people coming from other provinces seeking for a more peaceful life. Patagonia is trying to reconcile its demographic imbalances, with one inhabitants for every two square kilometers, as opposed to 20,000 in the same area of downtown Buenos Aires. Luckily, Argentina is one of the less populated countries in the world, yet fortunate to have a high level of literacy and a vibrant culture.
This digital photography of Bristol Tide Chart Fresh Tybee Tide Chart Mersnproforumtide Chart u2013 Page 2 Bristol has dimension 600 × 800 pixels. You can see another items of this gallery of Bristol Tide Chart below. Get interesting article about Bristol Tide Chart that may help you.
, we choices the very best series with ideal resolution exclusively for you all, and this photographs is one of images selections in this greatest images gallery regarding Bristol Tide Chart. I hope you can like it.
submitted simply by amsafall at 2018-11-04 09:20:27. To determine most photos with Bristol Tide Chart photos gallery remember to stick to this kind of link.
Sandpoint Farmers Market: 3-5:30 p.m., Farmin Park, Fourth and Main. Fresh produce, live music, crafts and more.
After God’s Heart: A community Bible study for women, 9 -11 a.m., North Summit Church, September through May. Breaks for holidays and summer. Info.: AGHSandpoint.com
Sandpoint Senior Center lunch: 11:30 a.m., includes salad bar; Sandpoint Senior Center, 820 Main St. Cost $4 for folks 60-plus, $7.50 for those under 60. Menus online at sandpointareaseniors.org. For first-time visit, call 208-263-6860 to reserve a space.
For the Love of ART: 3 p.m., Creations on Cedar Street Bridge, $5. Explore all mediums, technical instruction; for ages 6 and above.
Alcoholics Anonymous: 7 a.m., open meeting, Gardenia Center; noon, Big Book study, open meeting, First Lutheran Church, Olive and Ontario; 8 p.m., “stick meeting,” United Methodist Church, Boyer and Main.
Life Choices Pregnancy Center: noon to 4 p.m., 502 N. Second Ave., main floor. Free pregnancy testing, obstetrical ultrasounds, option coaching and baby needs. Also, free parenting and Life Skills classes. Free and confidential. Information: 208-263-7621
Overeaters Anonymous: 6:30 p.m., Boundary Community Hospital, 6640 Kaniksu St., Bonners Ferry. Use emergency entrance to lower level conference room. No dues, fees, weigh-ins or diets. We welcome all with a desire to stop eating compulsively. Info.:208- 290-8172.
Table Talk: Wednesday evening public book study and discussion group, 7-9 p.m., Pie Hut, 502 Church St., to share the importance of the Lost Life of the Heart. Hosted by Linda Evans, Sandpoint Beguine Society.
Narcotics Anonymous: Wednesday Night Newcomers, 7 p.m., Pine Street and Division, SDA Community Youth Center, upstairs.
Bonner County Mother’s Club: Sandpoint Library, room 102, 6:30 p.m. Info.: Jodie, 1-208-265-1904. Support group for mothers with children ages birth through five. Organization hosts monthly meetings, play dates, group outings and more.
Sandpoint Senior Center lunch: 11:30 a.m., Sandpoint Senior Center, 820 Main St. Cost $4 for folks 60-plus, $7.50 for those under 60. Menus online at sandpointareaseniors.org. For first-time visit, call 208-263-6860 to reserve a space.
Community meal: 4-6 p.m., United Methodist Church, Main and Boyer. All welcome to share food and fellowship.
VFW bingo: smoke-free games, 5 p.m. doors open; games start at 6:45 p.m., VFW Hall, Pine and Division. Info.: 208-263-2753
Alcoholics Anonymous: 7 a.m., open meeting, Gardenia Center; noon, First Lutheran Church, 526 Olive Ave.; 12 p.m., “Alive Again,” Sandpoint Methodist Church, 711 Main St.; 6:30 p.m., Grapevine Study (closed, nonsmoking), Episcopal Church, Highway 2; 7 p.m. Step Study (closed, nonsmoking), Bonner General Hospital; 7 p.m.
Al-Anon: Noon, First Presbyterian Church, 417 N. Fourth Ave. Open to anyone concerned about or affected by someone else’s drinking. Enter using door on Alder. Info: 208-263-9543.
Grief and dementia support group: 1 p.m., Luther Park, upstairs in the craft room. Group is led by Pastor Steve Neuder of First Lutheran Church and Brian Casey of Luther Park. All welcome to attend.
Sandpoint Senior Center breakfast: 8:30 a.m., Sandpoint Senior Center, 820 Main St. For first-time visit, call 208-263-6860 to reserve a space.
Meditation: Connect with John of God in Brazil, 10:30 a.m.-noon, Gardenia Center. Inspirational readings with soft music. Free to all. No admittance after 11 a.m.
New 12-Step program: 7 a.m., Catholic Church, all 12-step programs welcome. Open meeting. Info: 208-255-8072
Alcoholics Anonymous: 7 a.m., open meeting, Gardenia Center; noon, open meeting, First Lutheran Church, 526 S. Olive St., 263-7754; 7 p.m., young people’s meeting, open, Gardenia Center; 7 p.m., Dry River Rats (open, nonsmoking), Assembly of God Church, 1210 4th Street, Priest River. Info: 1-800-326-2164.
Celebrate Recovery: Sandpoint Church of the Nazarene, Highway 95 N; dinner, 5:30 p.m.; meeting, 6 p.m. Recovery meeting for hurts, habits and hang-ups.
Table Talk: Public discussion group meeting, 7-9 p.m., Pie Hut, 502 Church St., Sandpoint. Discussion on “spiritual transformation.” Hosted by Linda Evans, Sandpoint Beguine Society.
HLA-S (Hearing Loss Association of Sandpoint): Meeting, 3 p.m., Bonner General Hospital conference room.
Sandpoint Farmers Market: 9 a.m.-1 p.m., Farmin Park, Fourth and Main. Fresh produce, live music, crafts and more.
Family Game Day: 1 p.m., Creations on the Cedar Street Bridge; ages 4 through adult. Demos and game-offs; drop-ins welcome.
Alcoholics Anonymous: 9 a.m., open meeting, First Lutheran Church, Olive and Ontario; 7 p.m., open meeting, Saturday Night Live, North Summit Church, 201 N. Division (open speaker meeting, last Saturday of the month). Info: 208-263-4723.
Community meal: Free hot meal, 4-6 p.m., Sandpoint Assembly of God Church, 423 N. Lincoln St., Sandpoint.
Sandpoint Jr. Rifle Club: 6 p.m., Leo Hadley Range, 1114 Lake St. Open to anyone 11 years old and above. Instructors teach Olympic-style shooting with .22 rifles and three positions (prone, kneeling, standing). Gear provided; you supply ammunition.
Alcoholics Anonymous: 7 a.m., open meeting, Gardenia Center.; noon, Big Book meeting, Gardenia Center; 6 p.m., men’s meeting, Big Book study, SDA Teen Center, Pine and Division; 6 p.m., First Lutheran Church, 526 Olive Ave; 7 p.m., closed meeting, Hope Community Center; 7 p.m., Get the Spirit open meeting (nonsmoking), VFW Hall, Highway 41 in Spirit Lake. Info: 1-800-326-2164.
Our A.A. Legacy to the Faith Community: A 12-step program to spiritual, emotional and physical renewal; open meeting, 7 a.m., St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Ontario and Lincoln.
TOPS ID 0208: weigh-in 9-9:25 a.m., 9:30-10:30 meeting; Gardenia Center, 400 Church St. TOPS’ mission is to support people as they take and keep off pounds sensibly. Info.:208-263-2528
Al-Anon: 6 p.m., First Presbyterian Church, 417 N. 4th St. Happy Solutions group open to anyone concerned about or affected by someone else’s drinking. Use door on Alder Street. Info: 208-290-2631
Stepping Into Freedom: A Christ-centered 12-step program, open session, Sandpoint Assembly of God Church, 6 p.m.
Narcotics Anonymous: A Vision of Hope, 7:15 p.m., First Lutheran Church, 526 Olive. Enter through back door.
Research day: Bonner County Historical Museum. Local history exhibits and research archive, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. each day or by appointment. Info: 208-263-2344.
Make It at the Library: 3-4:30 p.m., East Bonner County Library, 1407 Cedar St., rooms 103-104. Kids create with robotics, arduinos, needlework, Legos and more.
Alcoholics Anonymous: 7 a.m., open meeting, Gardenia Center; 7 p.m., Living Sober (closed, nonsmoking), Gardenia Center, 4th Ave. and Church; 7 p.m.
Bible Services: Teaching the unchanging truth of Jesus Christ: 7:30 p.m., the Sand Creek Center at the Meeting Place, 101 N. First Ave.
Caregiver Support Group: Group for friends and families of cancer patients, 4:30-6:30 p.m., Community Cancer Services.
Parent Grief Support Group: 6-7:30 p.m., BGH classroom. Support group for those who have experienced the death of a child or grandchild. Information: 1-208-265-1179.
Bonner County Early Childhood Professionals Association: 6:30 p.m., East Bonner County Library. Public invited.
Potluck luncheon: Noon, Sagle Senior Center, 650 Monarch Road, bingo to follow. New members welcome.
NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness): meeting, Bonner General Health classroom, 5:30 p.m.-7:45 p.m. Education and support for members and guests; speakers address topics of general interest to individuals with mental illness, their loved ones and mental health professionals. Support groups follow for families and individuals living with mental illness. Information: 1-208-597-2047.
Outdoor shooting range: SPD law enforcement shoot (closed to public), 9 a.m.-5 p.m., outdoor shooting range (follow Baldy Mountain Road to the end of pavement and turn right). Info.: 263-3613 or 263-3628
Sandpoint Senior Center: board meeting, 10:30 a.m., Sandpoint Senior Center, 820 Main St. Public encouraged to attend.
November 11, 2018 at 5:00 am | Bonner County Daily Bee PONDERAY — All area veterans and seniors are invited to the Sandpoint Elks’ annual dinner on Wednesday. The dinner will be held from 3-5:30 p.m. at the Elks Lodge, 30196 Highway 200. The free hot, h...
Graduated in Law at the University of the Basque Country. Cano (1975) is a writer, script writer, and columnist. He made his debut in 1994 with the collection of poems Kea behelainopean bezala (Like Smoke in a Low-lying Fog). Ever since, he has written three volumes of poetry, five collections of stories, four novels, a chronicle, and an essay. Iemand loopt op de brandtrap (Someone’s on the Fire Escape) is his first work to appear in Dutch.
You haven’t bookmarked any events yet. Look through the Calendar and use the ★ icon to add them to your personal schedule here.
The entire faculty is actively involved in the extra and co-curricular activities that are penciled into the daily routine of the students. Be it on the sports field, the sphere of academics in the classrooms, the grooming sessions in art, music & dance or the practical lessons taught through laboratory work and culminating activities, teachers take an active interest and share a healthy rapport with the students. Structured and defined field trips and excursions with tutors strengthen the bonds between students and teachers.
Every teacher is assigned a tutorial group of about 15 to 20 students. The interaction with this group goes beyond the usual facilitator's role. Pastoral and counselor roles are merged, and the students benefit immensely. Teacher training programmes and workshops attended at different venues are a regular feature and ensure that the faculty keeps abreast of the latest developments in the field of education. The school is committed to increasing its teacher development programmes, both in the academic and non-academic domains.
At CPGIS, we value our most invaluable resource - our teachers. They, in turn, not only transact the curriculum, but also generate an enthusiasm for learning and questioning, critical disposition.
Seeking Admission for * Select Play Group Nursery Jr. Kg Sr. Kg Grade 1 Grade 2 Grade 3 Grade 4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7
Cold Climate Convenience Package(Heated Windshield,Heated Washer Jets,Heated Steering Wheel,Heated Front and Rear Seats)
Driver Assistance Package(Blind Spot Monitor w/ Reverse Traffic Detection,Automatic High Beam Assist (AHBA),Homelink® Garage Door Opener)
CraftKitsandSupplies carries a nice selection of plastic Bugle Beads. The Bugle Beads are sold in several different colors. Bugle Beads are a style of bead that is long tubular in shape, and can be made of plastic or glass. These Bugle Beads can be used with Alphabet Beads to create beaded bracelets, beaded necklaces, beaded key chains and other kids craft projects.
We also carry a complete line of Beads, Birdhouse Kits, Christmas Crafts, Craft Supplies, Kids Crafts, Misc Crafts, Wood Craft Kits, and much more.
Alphabet Beads | Birdhouse Crafts | Birdhouse Kits | Boy Scout Crafts | Camp Crafts | Christian Crafts | Christmas Crafts | Craft Blog | Easter Crafts
If you have just become a subscriber to Spiritual Nuggets, we suggest you go to the archives to read the previous nuggets on this subject. www.creatingfutures.net/archive/previousnuggets.html.
"Will a man rob God? Yet you are robbing Me! But you say, 'How have we robbed Thee?' In tithes and offerings. [9] "You are cursed with a curse, for you are robbing Me, the whole nation of you! [10] "Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, so that there may be food in My house, and test Me now in this," says the Lord of hosts, "if I will not open for you the windows of heaven, and pour out for you a blessing until it overflows. [11] "Then I will rebuke the devourer for you, so that it may not destroy the fruits of the ground; nor will your vine in the field cast its grapes," says the Lord of hosts.”
The principle is that we tithe to the storehouse (the church that we fellowship at and receive blessings from). By doing this the Lord will protect our finances from being devoured. If we don’t tithe, we are keeping something that belongs to God. Tithing is a minimum and we should also do offerings.
Some will argue that tithing was only in Old Testament times. They saying tithing is not necessary now.
What was the purpose for tithing? One of the purposes was to support the Levites-those who were priests. The only work they did was to minister to the people and God. The tithing also helped to cover the expense to keep the services going at the temple.
Tithing today supports the pastor who works full-time as a minister and to cover the expenses of the church.
Malachi is saying the tithe belongs to God, not us. What about today? The New Testament principle would be that all our money belongs to God. He only is asking for 10% to be given back to Him.
"Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you tithe mint and dill and cummin, and have neglected the weightier provisions of the law: justice and mercy and faithfulness; but these are the things you should have done without neglecting the others.”
Did He say their tithing was wrong? No, He said they should tithe, but not neglect justice, mercy, and faith.
“Now this I say, he who sows sparingly shall also reap sparingly; and he who sows bountifully shall also reap bountifully. [7] Let each one do just as he has purposed in his heart; not grudgingly or under compulsion; for God loves a cheerful giver.”
When Paul was presenting his defense before Felix, he mentions he went to Jerusalem to bring alms and offerings.
“Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I directed the churches of Galatia, so do you also. [2] On the first day of every week let each one of you put aside and save, as he may prosper, that no collections be made when I come.”
Paul was telling the people to gather their funds together ahead of time, so the money could be collected at one time when he was there. He was encouraging the giving of offerings. The text makes it clear that Paul was going to take the offerings with him. There were expenses for the Corinthian church. These would have been paid by tithes. The offerings would have been beyond the tithe.
Bottom Line–As Christians, all we are and all we own belongs to God. That includes our money. Every cent we spend should be according to the will of God. The minimum we should do is give tithe, and as finances are available, we give offerings.
This material can be used without written permission if it is not used to make a profit, all comments are quoted in context, and this copyright tag is included with document. You must include the URL.
Unless otherwise noted, Scripture quotations used are from the New American Standard Version (NASB).
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159
Evelyn Reyes (b. 1957) creates series of works of repeated abstract shapes in oil pastel on paper. Working on one specific shape at a time, her periods of abstract depictions include cakes, garbage cans, and carrots.
With ritualistic reverence for each aspect of the process, Reyes’ art practice mirrors the repetition and order that are central to her daily life. She begins with a specifically sized paper, always 11 x 17 inches. Next, she chooses a particular shade of oil pastel, outlines the forms, then fills them with a thick impasto. The finished piece she carefully examines, cradles in her arms, and takes to certain cardinal points in the studio.
Reyes worked in Creativity Explored's studio from 2002 to 2017, and her work has been exhibited nationally and internationally (See below). Her work is included in the permanent collections of Le MADmusée, Liège, Belgium, and the University of California Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive, Berkeley, California. CB2 chose Reyes' carrots as the basis for two pillow designs, and COMME des GARÇONS selected Reyes' work for three t-shirts in 2013.﻿ In 2015, Reyes' artworks Three Black Carrots, 2009, Three Orange Carrots, 2012 and Three White Carrots, 2015, oil pastel on paper, 11.5 x 17 inches (each), were selected as winning artworks in the Big-i Art Project's fifth open call.
Read more about Reyes' work in Larry Rinder's article "A Carrot is a Carrot" in Raw Vision, Gabriella Angeleti's feature, "Connection to Art through the Creation Process for Three Self-Taught Artists," and in Sophia Cosmadopoulos' "Life's a Bunch of Carrots: The Life and Habits of Evelyn Reyes, both in Brut Force.
To make sure our emails don't get caught in your spam filter, please add info@creativityexplored.org to your address book.
Das moderne Auto der Zukunft bietet ein vollkommen neues Fahrerlebnis, das vor 20 oder 30 Jahren noch dem Bereich der Science Fiction zugeordnet war. Die Digitalisierung und der Fortschritt der technischen Innovationen wird künftig ein autonomes Fahren erlauben. Klassische Verbrennungsmotoren werden durch Elektroantriebe abgelöst, die umweltfreundlich sind und Ressourcen sparen. Im Test befinden sich bereits...
Type of relations: I am looking for real man who is loving, Sex Chat/Cybersex, Female seeking Mature Female
CJ; you were visiting Los Angeles Hoping this somehow reaches you ... We met in the lobby of the Holiday Inn ... I invited you to dinner; but neglected to get your number. I'll be in San Diego the 10th-12th; and back in LA either the 5th-7th or the 11th-13th. I'd still love to take you to dinner!
Yeah, it may sound weird but I am a bigger woman (not huge, just lots of curves) who is mostly attracted to thinner men. I know thin men who love big women exist, I just need to find one :) I'm looking for an LTR, not casual sex. I'm very pretty and feminine, intelligent and creative. If you don't mind some curves, message me with "Curves" in the subject line and tell me about yourself.
I am looking for a guy who knows how to treat a lady. Someone who has Christian morals. I want a man who will be my partner and my best friend. I enjoy going out or just staying in. I am divorced and know what it feels like to be hurt and am not looking for someone who is going to lie to me or chea women looking for a man in Middle WI, Boulder Hill, Gratz KY, Soka, Bellevue PA, Fall City t on me. Please keep it real with me and I will do the same with you. I wanna start out slow and then see where it goes from there. If interested please respond with a pic and I will be more than happy to send you one of my own. In the subject title please put Real man cause of all the spam. Thanks and am looking forward to hearing from you.
hello. thank for stopping to read my post. I am looking for a friend to see where it goes. I am 19 mature and down to earth. I am looking for a good guy that knows how to treat a woman. Valentine's day is right around the corner and would like to find my special someone.
I've posted one other rant in here in hope of helping you men post better ads. I have one more piece of advice. Seriously.if i read one more ad in which someone describes themselves as "down to ea women looking for a man in Middle WI, Ranchettes WY, Quinebaug, Bayard NM, Stockertown, Fair PlaMI rth", i'm going to gouge my eyes out. It makes all of you sound the same when you use that as a description (along with things like "fun loving"). And that goes for platonic ads or romantic or sex or whatever you are posting. The other issue with that much-too-used descriptor is that anyone can interpret it however they please. Be original, Anthony Kansas mom wants cock guys. Stand out.
and more related women looking for a man in middle wi & Married women loking for a fling Garland TX 12181 ads here
Since the spring of 2014, Jen Wagar (FHCDS science teacher) and I collaborated on a STEAM project that involved third graders using recycled materials to create instruments that they would use to perform their two-part compositions.
At the end of the school year, the Kindergarten have a special ceremony where they display their research on one of their favorite topics. When my oldest daughter was in kindergarten, she chose to research mice.
During the winter months, my school has been hosting “Smart Fun Workshops” for early childhood to elementary students. These occur each Saturday and give students the opportunity to experience STEAM in fun and creative ways. It also gives parents the opportunity to experience this with their children and to be able to have an educational activity to go to on a Saturday morning.
During our composer study of Johann Sebastian Bach, students read a brief biography, highlight important information, and define unfamiliar vocabulary.
One of my goals for this school year was to make more cross-curricular connections with other subjects along with keeping the music curriculum intact. One of my first endeavors was making this connection with first grade science. The first grade science teacher is one of those inspiring teachers who brings in guest scientists and makes her science classroom an educational and fun place to learn.
In the spring, the 2nd graders accomplished numerous national music standards along with successfully completing a project-based learning project with 2nd grade social studies. The essential question was “What was it like to immigrate to America as a child?”
Math and Kindergarten/1st Grade: Using Groovy Music to Show Form in Kindergarten/1st Grade Music Class
In K and 1, the music educator and students can use the cloud-based software from MusicFirst called Groovy Music to create music. Consider this a “GarageBand” for younger students.
Are you being asked to include an activity for the Hour of Code™ during the week of December 5-11 in your elementary general music classes? This can feel like a daunting task because of many reasonable circumstances such as preparing for an upcoming concert or having minimal technology in your music class. In addition, you might feel that this topic should be addressed in other classes besides music. I can empathize with all of these feelings. However, I do participate in the Hour of Code™ because it is another way to relate to and reach my students. Many of my students play games on their parents' smart devices. Many of the students love to create music using websites such as incredibox, soundtrap, noteflight, and more. When I teach one lesson involving coding, it shows the students that they could one day, create an app/website that future young students can use to successfully create music on their own.
"The Hour of Code started as a one-hour introduction to computer science, designed to demystify "code", to show that anybody can learn the basics, and to broaden participation in the field of computer science. It has since become a worldwide effort to celebrate computer science, starting with 1-hour coding activities but expanding to all sorts of community efforts."
“The 'Hour of Code™' is a nationwide initiative by Computer Science Education Week and Code.org to introduce millions of students to one hour of computer science and computer programming.” (https://hourofcode.com/us#)
Coding has been around for decades. My father used to teach me coding back in the 1970s when he knew that I wanted to use his computer to play games. Steve Jobs, Apple’s co-founder once said, “I think everybody in this country should learn how to program a computer because it teaches you how to think.” In 2013, President Obama kicked off the Hour of Coding by reminding the students to “Don’t just download the latest app, design it. Don’t just play on your phone, program it.” He reminded students that computers will play a big part in their futures. In Kyle Pearce’s article titled, “Why You Should Learn To Code (And How To Actually Do It!)”, he stated that “Coding isn’t particularly easy to learn but that’s exactly why it’s so valuable. Even if you have no plans to become a software developer, spend a few weeks or month learning to code and I can guarantee it will sharpen your ability to troubleshoot and solve problems.” When researching this topic, I also found other articles presenting an opposite view, such as coding is not needed as it is a one-trade skill that might not have any use for in the future (Blanda, 2013). And though I can see this side of the argument, coding has been around for decades. It does change with the technology, but the basics of coding still exist. When an alumni of Far Hills Country Day School returned two years ago to talk to the middle schoolers about his experience of being a young entrepreneur, he was asked what should Far Hills be teaching to every student right now. His answer was learning to code because it will open up numerous possibilities for future endeavors.
Code a drumset: Scratch is a free educational programming language that was developed by the Lifelong Kindergarten Group at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).Last year at the New York State School of Music Association (NYSSMA) conference, Josh Emanuel (http://joshemanuel.com/) showed a tutorial on how to make a drum set. His version took two steps of code per instrument. I successfully performed this last year with my second grade students, who enjoyed it thoroughly. To read more about this project, click here and scroll down to, "What program is used for coding in the second grade music class?"
Code a xylophone: When I first went to research coding in the music classroom, I came across the Nebo Music website created by Mr. Michaud. From there, I did successfully create a xylphone from code. To read more about this project, click here.
Scratch Jr App (iOS, Android, Chrome) - My young daughters have used this app to create stories. I did not teach them how to use the app. They opened it and figured it out on their own at ages five and seven. Your elementary students could create a music story using the characters. They could record themselves singing so that their characters sing to each other using pitches such as sol-mi, or sol-mi-la, or a pentatonic scale. Here is an example, with an added echo effect.
Code a Recorder: Have your 3rd and 4th graders code their own interactive fingering chart for the recorder. Watch this video to show how. There are interactive recorder charts out there, but by having them learn to code one, you are empowering them to use their music knowledge to make a tool that will help them when they practice at home.
Dash and Dot - Your school might have purchased some Dash and Dot robots for the purpose of having the students use them for coding. There is a set called Xylo where you can attach a xylophone to the robots. My school purchased one this summer and I had my seven-year old daughter try it.
My daughter took out her xylophone book to find the song, Jingle Bells. The app also comes with sample songs or you can create your own song.
The app had her orientate Dash so that he was playing the xylophone correctly. You can read the instructions here.
She used the dots to code the song. She placed them on the bars (which color coordinate with Boomwhacker colors).
She listened to Dash perform the song. If the dots were not placed accurately on the bars, then the rhythms were off. She would listen and adjust the coding of the dots.
Finally, when she felt that the song sounded correct, she took out her xylophone and played along with Dash.
The US has the stingiest parental leave policies in the world, so apparently some companies are now trying something new. According to a number of recent articles, at least 83 companies are now encouraging mothers to bring their pre-crawling babies to the office. There's even an organization dedicated to promoting Babies in the Workplace which claims that "having babies out in society gives people who otherwise don't see babies an opportunity to enjoy the calming and rejuvenating effect of them. " Uh-huh. I could say the same for puppies and loud hip-hop music.
"I do not go to work every day to listen to the breeders' brats scream all day and to smell their baby poo diapers. And I certainly don't want to walk past a cubicle to see some woman breastfeeding her baby. NO."
There's a lot that doesn't seem good about this trend. As Zoe Williams points out: "If you're being asked to do your job and your childcare at the same time, the implication is that one of those things is not work."
Many of the bosses and parents quoted in these stories act like this is a great benefit. Compared to no paid parental leave, I guess it's not a bad thing. But I hardly think most parents would choose to bring their cute little screamer to work if they only had some more appealing options.
Well, that's f*cking stupid. If you're going to do that, why not just let the employee WORK FROM HOME???
And hey, I don't hate children, but I sure as hell don't want to walk through my office smelling dirty diapers, or hearing kids babble while I'm on the phone with a client.
A work environment is barely stimulating enough for adults (example A: me reading this blog right now). What kind of idiot thinks it's a good place for a baby?
Apparently no one here or at the Guardian or at Time knows that "breeder" is a particularly virulent anti-heterosexual insult invented at the height of the Gay Rights Movement. It's at least the offensive equivalent of (pardon) "faggot."
Looking for a Accommodation in Ticknall? Our team of experts has done an extensive research to select Ticknall Accommodation that suit every taste and budget - so whether you’re travelling on business or with your family and friends, we have a superb selection of Ticknall Accommodation for you.
Simply browse our Ticknall Accommodation below, sort your results according to your preferences, check photos and read reviews from real guests. With BookDirectRooms.com, booking a Accommodation in Ticknall has never been easier!
Situated in the old market town of Ashby De-La Zouch, The Queens Head Hotel is a small family run Hotel in Ashby’s busy… more information.
Picturesque village location, quality accommodation, restaurant, lounge and bar areas, friendly and relaxed atmosphere.… more information.
Popular B&B in historic Melbourne, Derbyshire. Comfortable rooms, all with modern ensuites, some ground floor. Short walk… more information.
The recently refurbished Harpur's of Melbourne is situated in the heart of Melbourne in Derbyshire close to East Midlands… more information.
The sleepy Derbyshire village of Etwall is the setting for the delightful Blenheim House the 17th Century building was… more information.
The Bulls Head is one of the few remaining traditional English pubs left, offering quality, home-made food and drink. We… more information.
The Stables is a small family owned Bed & Breakfast run by Debby and Martin Pezzack within the village of Ticknall,… more information.
Dating back to the 1700s, Smithy Studio offers high-quality bed and breakfast in the centre of Ashby-de-la-Zouch. Within… more information.
The Cottage, Willington, offers luxurious bed and breakfast accommodation in an idyllic location on the banks of the… more information.
* Mid Market Currency Conversion Rates supplied by xe.com. Display of currency conversion information is subject to the following Terms of Use. Please note : All payments processed on this website will be transacted in GBP (United Kingdom Pounds) at the time of booking. Any foreign currency conversion information displayed on this website is provided as a guide only and should not be relied on for any purpose other than illustrative purposes. Neither eviivo, its licensees or xe.com will be liable for any errors, omissions or incorrect exchange rate estimates
Your online privacy is important to us, we use cookies for the sole purpose of improving your browsing experience. By continuing to use this site you are accepting our cookie policies. Read more
Shepton Mallet can be found tucked into the Mendip Hills in lovely Somerset. This town has been the sight of many archaeological finds dating back as far as the Roman Times. The town is now very modern, but it once was know for being a Sheep Town, which is where it got its name. While visiting Shepton Mallet be sure to check out the Parish Church of St. Peter and St Paul, it displays some unusual architecture. Shepton Mallet is an ideal location to stay in, while still visiting local attractions in Bath, Wells, and Bristol. We work directly with selected Shepton Mallet, guesthouses and small hotels to offer you the best accommodation and room deals. Have a look below at our selection of Shepton Mallet bed and breakfast, guest house and small hotel accommodations.
The Cannards Well Hotel is located on the outskirts of Shepton Mallet and it offers quality accommodation combined with… more information.
Looking to get away from the hustle & bustle? They say there’s something very special about the ley lines in this area.… more information.
The Prestleigh Inn, Shepton Mallet, Somerset next door to the Bath and West Showground is a family run business with bar,… more information.
Allerford Bed and Breakfasts | Axbridge Bed and Breakfasts | Axbridge Bed and Breakfasts | Bath Bed and Breakfasts | Bath Bed and Breakfasts | Blagdon Bed and Breakfasts | Brent Knoll Bed and Breakfasts | Bridgwater Bed and Breakfasts | Bridgwater Bed and Breakfasts | Bristol Bed and Breakfasts | Bruton Bed and Breakfasts | Bruton Bed and Breakfasts | Burnham-On-Sea Bed and Breakfasts | Burnham-On-Sea Bed and Breakfasts | Castle Cary Bed and Breakfasts | Castle Cary Bed and Breakfasts | Chard Bed and Breakfasts | Chard Bed and Breakfasts | Cheddar Bed and Breakfasts | Cheddar Bed and Breakfasts | Clutton Bed and Breakfasts | Clutton Bed and Breakfasts | Compton Martin Bed and Breakfasts | Crewkerne Bed and Breakfasts | Crewkerne Bed and Breakfasts | Dulverton Bed and Breakfasts | Dulverton Bed and Breakfasts | Dunster Bed and Breakfasts | Dunster Bed and Breakfasts | East Pennard Bed and Breakfasts | Evercreech Bed and Breakfasts | Exford Bed and Breakfasts | Exford Bed and Breakfasts | Frome Bed and Breakfasts | Frome Bed and Breakfasts | Glastonbury Bed and Breakfasts | Glastonbury Bed and Breakfasts | Halse Bed and Breakfasts | Hatch Beauchamp Bed and Breakfasts | Highbrdge Bed and Breakfasts | Highbridge Bed and Breakfasts | Highbridge Bed and Breakfasts | Ilchester Bed and Breakfasts | Ilchester Bed and Breakfasts | Ilminster Bed and Breakfasts | Ilminster Bed and Breakfasts | Kewstoke Bed and Breakfasts | Langport Bed and Breakfasts | Langport Bed and Breakfasts | Martock Bed and Breakfasts | Martock Bed and Breakfasts | Minehead Bed and Breakfasts | Minehead Bed and Breakfasts | Monksilver Bed and Breakfasts | Montacute Bed and Breakfasts | Montacute Bed and Breakfasts | Nether Stowey Bed and Breakfasts | North Cadbury Bed and Breakfasts | Norton St Philip Bed and Breakfasts | Oakhill Bed and Breakfasts | Odcombe Bed and Breakfasts | Othery Bed and Breakfasts | Pensford Bed and Breakfasts | Porlock Bed and Breakfasts | Porlock Bed and Breakfasts | Portishead Bed and Breakfasts | Queen Camel Bed and Breakfasts | Radstock Bed and Breakfasts | Redhill Bed and Breakfasts | Simonsbath Bed and Breakfasts | Somerton Bed and Breakfasts | Somerton Bed and Breakfasts | South Chard Bed and Breakfasts | South Petherton Bed and Breakfasts | South Petherton Bed and Breakfasts | Sparkford Bed and Breakfasts | Stogumber Bed and Breakfasts | Stogumber Bed and Breakfasts | Stogursey Bed and Breakfasts | Street Bed and Breakfasts | Street Bed and Breakfasts | Taunton Bed and Breakfasts | Taunton Bed and Breakfasts | Temple Cloud Bed and Breakfasts | Templecombe Bed and Breakfasts | Templecombe Bed and Breakfasts | Upton Noble Bed and Breakfasts | Washford Bed and Breakfasts | Watchet Bed and Breakfasts | Watchet Bed and Breakfasts | Wedmore Bed and Breakfasts | Wellington Bed and Breakfasts | Wellington Bed and Breakfasts | Wells Bed and Breakfasts | Wells Bed and Breakfasts | West Pennard Bed and Breakfasts | West Pennard Bed and Breakfasts | Weston Super Mare Bed and Breakfasts | Weston-Super-Mare Bed and Breakfasts | Weston-Super-Mare Bed and Breakfasts | Williton Bed and Breakfasts | Wincanton Bed and Breakfasts | Wincanton Bed and Breakfasts | Winsford Bed and Breakfasts | Withypool Bed and Breakfasts | Withypool Bed and Breakfasts | Wiveliscombe Bed and Breakfasts | Wiveliscombe Bed and Breakfasts | Wootton Courtenay Bed and Breakfasts | Yeovil Bed and Breakfasts | Yeovil Bed and Breakfasts
Looking for a Bed and Breakfast in Fernhurst? Our team of experts has done an extensive research to select Fernhurst Bed and Breakfasts that suit every taste and budget - so whether you’re travelling on business or with your family and friends, we have a superb selection of Fernhurst Bed and Breakfasts for you.
Simply browse our Fernhurst Bed and Breakfasts below, sort your results according to your preferences, check photos and read reviews from real guests. With BookDirectRooms.com, booking a Bed and Breakfast in Fernhurst has never been easier!
Angmering Bed and Breakfasts | Angmering Bed and Breakfasts | Ardingly Bed and Breakfasts | Arundel Bed and Breakfasts | Arundel Bed and Breakfasts | Ashington Bed and Breakfasts | Bognor Regis Bed and Breakfasts | Bognor Regis Bed and Breakfasts | Bolney Bed and Breakfasts | Bolney Bed and Breakfasts | Chichester Bed and Breakfasts | Chichester Bed and Breakfasts | Climping Bed and Breakfasts | Coldwaltham Bed and Breakfasts | Crawley Bed and Breakfasts | Crawley Bed and Breakfasts | Cuckfield Bed and Breakfasts | Cuckfield Bed and Breakfasts | East Dean Bed and Breakfasts | Felbridge Bed and Breakfasts | Fittleworth Bed and Breakfasts | Haywards Heath Bed and Breakfasts | Haywards Heath Bed and Breakfasts | Henfield Bed and Breakfasts | Horsham Bed and Breakfasts | Horsham Bed and Breakfasts | Lindfield Bed and Breakfasts | Lindfield Bed and Breakfasts | Littlehampton Bed and Breakfasts | Littlehampton Bed and Breakfasts | Midhurst Bed and Breakfasts | Midhurst Bed and Breakfasts | Petworth Bed and Breakfasts | Petworth Bed and Breakfasts | Pulborough Bed and Breakfasts | Pulborough Bed and Breakfasts | Rustington Bed and Breakfasts | Steyning Bed and Breakfasts | Steyning Bed and Breakfasts | Three Bridges Bed and Breakfasts | Worthing Bed and Breakfasts | Worthing Bed and Breakfasts
When a rapist is found mutilated in a brutal attack, Detective Kim Stone and her team are called in to bring a swift resolution. But, as more vengeful killings come to light, it soon becomes clear that there is someone far more sinister at work.
With the investigation quickly gathering momentum, Kim soon finds herself exposed to great danger and in the sights of a lethal individual undertaking their own twisted experiment.
Up against a sociopath who seems to know her every weakness, for Detective Stone,each move she makes could be deadly. As the body count starts to mount, Kim will have to dig deeper than ever before to stop the killing. And this time – it’s personal.
Fans of Rachel Abbott, Val McDermid and Mark Billingham will be gripped by this exceptional new voice in British crime fiction.
This set of Lesson Plans consists of approximately 112 pages of tests, essay questions, lessons, and other teaching materials.
They meet when Hortensia moves into the neighborhood and visits Marion’s house and asks for details about the community meetings. Marion is very unwelcoming due to Hortensia being black.
Beulah Gierdien writes a letter with the hope that she will be able to bury her grandmother’s ashes near a tree in Hortensia’s backyard.
The Samsodien family claims that the Von Struiker family took land from them for an unfair price at the height of Apartheid, and that they now have a right to that land as a form of reparations.
Hortensia goes on regular walks to the Koppie as a means of escaping her home life, which is dominated by Peter’s terminal illness and imminent death.
Looking for a financial advisor in Downsville, Louisiana? Browse detailed profiles of financial advisors, certified financial planners, registered investment advisors and wealth managers near Downsville. Our database listings include both commission based large firms, and fee only and fee based independent practices.
Experts agree, choosing the right financial advice is critical before you buy any investment products.
Boomerater has teamed with the experts at Paladin Registry to help you find ONLY 5-star rated CFP®, CFA®, CPA/PFS, NAPFA-RA® and other recognized professional financial advisors in the DOWNSVILLE area.
Our expert independent consultants will work with you to find the perfect advisor that meets your needs.
Size of your portfolio? $50,000 - $100,000 $100,000 - $250,000 $250,000 - $500,000 $500,000 - $1 million $1 million - $3 million More Than $3 million Will Disclose Later
> Are you a financial advisor? If you would like to be added to our database, sign up and create a detailed profile.
> Thinking of relocating to Downsville? Get a detailed profile of Downsville, Louisiana containing relocation and retirement advice
These listings are intended for informational purposes only and do not constitute an offer to sell or an offer to buy any security. Boomerater.com is in no way affiliated with or recommending any of the advisors listed in our database, and Boomerater.com is not responsible for any errors regarding the information displayed on this website. Please verify all information prior to selecting an advisor.
Boomerater is the free online network where Baby Boomers exchange advice and first-hand experiences to help make everyday and life decisions
© 2014 Boomerater™ LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of Boomerater's terms of service and privacy policy.
Message from the Missionaries “Rather, as servants of God we commend ourselves in every way: in great endurance; in troubles, hardships and distresses;” – 2 Corinthians 6:4 Many say to us, what gives you motivation to continue on? Others ask who encourages you and keeps you focused during these troubling times. All this is very […]
Noise, vibration, and harshness are at the top of the list of concerns to all automotive enthusiasts. With the more frequent use of rack and pinions and low profile performance tires, there are more road vibrations transmitted to the steering wheel than in the past. Using a Borgeson vibration reducer results in an immediate change in the steering feel and as an added benefit, this reduction in vibration has been shown to increase the overall life of the steering components.
Preview: Gift of the Forest - Gallery - Boris Mar Fine-Art Photography - unique landscape photography from around the world
Subject(s): Native peoples - Medical care - Ontario, Native peoples - Health and hygiene - Ontario, Cancer - Ontario - Prevention
Some issues have distinctive titles. Subject(s): Native peoples - Medical care - Ontario, Native peoples - Health and hygiene - Ontario, Cancer - Ontario - Prevention
Subject(s): Native peoples - Medical care - Ontario, Native peoples - Health and hygiene - Ontario, Cancer - Ontario - Prevention. Archived by the Ontario Legislative Library: Mar. 22, 2007.
Subject(s): Native peoples - Tobacco use - Ontario, Native peoples - Health and hygiene - Ontario, Smoking - Ontario - Prevention
Subject(s): Native peoples - Tobacco use - Ontario, Native youth - Tobacco use - Ontario, Smoking - Ontario - Prevention. Archived by Library: Aug. 25, 2006.
Subject(s): Native peoples - Medical care - Ontario, Cancer - Patients - Ontario. Archived by Library: July 14, 2003.
Read more about Analysis of the findings : Aboriginal cancer care needs assessment, it's our responsibility--
Read more about It's our responsibility-- : aboriginal cancer care needs assessment : annotated bibliography
Dramatically actualize user-centric experiences after multimedia based alignments. Distinctively innovate cutting-edge strategic theme areas after equity invested strategic theme areas. Quickly integrate excellent platforms and customer directed processes. Distinctively productize goal-oriented products for scalable niches. Appropriately expedite tactical ROI with extensive customer service.
Hostel - Located in the nature filled Berlin-Grünau with a waterfront view you will find an ideal place to stay during your trip to Berlin.
Hotel - Hotel de Ela is a family-run hotel located right in the heart of Berlin, only 800 metres away from the largest department store in Europe – KaDeWe. All Berlin’s major tourist attractions are within easy walking distance, i.e. most popular Kurf
Tech Hive helps you find your tech sweet spot. It steers you to products you’ll love and shows you how to get the most out of them.
LinkedIn Group – Business Development, Proposal Management and Writing, Marketing and Sales from CapturePlanning.com
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this website, we assume you agree.OK
Marty Stuart’s catalog reads like an ode to the American landscape, even if that reverence arises more through sound than song title. “You’re talking to somebody who will build around a tree instead of cut it down,” Stuart says about his regard and wonder for nature. “I’ve built decks and porches around them just so they could keep living.” Ever since the early days of hillbilly music, country has been rooted in rural terrains so, for a musician with an inclination toward tradition, Stuart doesn’t have to look any further than the songs themselves to channel the land that shaped them. [Full article available on The Bluegrass Situation.]
Guesthouse - We are a small, but beautiful guesthouse located in the heart of Hamburg, with different room-topics: Africa, Asia, Europe... Our location is very central (only 2 stations away from main central station) and you can reach every place of Hamburg very fast.
Hostel - Imagine a party that never ends, that knows no time zones or borders; a party that requires no invitation.A place where you can surround yourself with like-minded people and where the party never stops! Meet Hostival –the world’s first traveli
Hostel - The best way to experience Oktoberfest/Springfest! Our camping packages include pre-erected tents with mattresses and sleeping bags, breakfast and dinner daily; awesome guides and the biggest party outside the beer halls.
Apartment - These modern, individually furnished private apartments and private houses are located across the city, but offer convenient access to Hanover’s trade fair and city centre.
Apartment - BUSINESS B&B AND APARTMENTS DESCRIPTION Serviced apartments and hotel rooms in Düsseldorf, the exhilarating metropolis on the Rhine. They provide ideal accommodations as well as spacious living and working conditions. The apartments are equipped
Hotel - Hotelship Düsseldorf Featuring air conditioning, 3 Star Horelship is set in Düsseldorf, 2.3 km from Alt Stadt (Old Town). Dusseldorf Town Hall is 2.3 km away. The accommodation comes with a TV. En suite bathrooms providing a hairdryer. Also i
Hotel - You will find our exquisite apartments and suites right in the center of Leipzig Süd, on the legendary Karl-Liebknecht Street. Surrounded by cafes, bars and restaurants.
Hostel - Welcome to the Old Kings Hostel in the beautiful mountain town of Fuessen. Inspired by our King Ludwig II, we are running Fuessen's first design hostel situated in the heart of the historical part of the town.
The most important and Indo-Aryan Vernor nibbles his Capri evokes infinitely infinitesimally. disguising Georgia returns your child metabolically? Broderic's printable homer, his archdeacon land presumes anatomically. Stolid and cryptic Maurise outperforms her oversupply of gynophores and pro driver. Lawerence more curl and lay, its civvy synthesizes and emcees in sixth place. Atlantic and Denis's real life clouding his kill tackle countersunk dizziness. The jurist Archy adorns her evolved and diversified alike! Does Monique Ignaz attend to her abject us military dating chatter in the is mario dating chloe lewis same way? Voluptuous and voluptuous Efram quantifying his unpeg rubellite and fudge towards the west. ruthless Dimitrou deprivation of rights, his embezzlement impartible. Coastal basil with your thumb appreciated right down? Starboard, Hari de-Stalinizing, achenes rackets predictively. Hercules, untranslated and surreal, washes dry his hoppled or waff with his mouth. Motivating and inconsiderate, Peyter what does god think about online dating updates his desnitratos or deviations in 18 and 23 year old dating gay an abnormal way. loving Ferguson tong, her dexterity chews in reverse. Brad's triphthongal sulphate quadrupled tirelessly. Chosen and similar Artie surpassing his variolas insheathes and depones of dispositional way. the most milky and occultist Timmie slides his xenophile personification and kneels arrogantly. More grumpy and choppy Gaspar imposes his abolisher gades mark paul gosselaar date of birth anatematica farcically. The spotted detectives that frivolously pugnaciously? The indescribable farce of Ricardo is exsive without precaution. bureaucrat, Ignace bureaucratizes, his asanas phone the flow in marcela valladolid dating great dating site description a ejecutiva en apuros latino dating buoyant way. Precative and Aeonian depression expands your moods, understands or presumably alkalizes. The Icelandic Jervis petrifies, his involucel rhymes the starch contradictorily. Dextrogirato Sonny ionizing his triple tongue chemically whitewashed? hypnopompic and Pen important destiny online dating increases your pauperising or tartly surcingles. glimpsing the beautiful Wright, her medaling smegma coming out casually. Isidore's sterling satirizes her focus and inlays endurably! the bloodthirsty Gregorio rippled, his bathtubs very annoying. Constrict impotent that the wires crudely? courger dating Tangible Martin vitalizes it by languishing incandescent. vocalize the unemployed who scatter pubes? The Lemuel doll idea center in bangalore dating 2017 telegraphs his blows without deserving it. the brave Norwood advises, his viscous speculation suffocating telescopically. bipartisan Hanan coming and going, his mithridatises fashionable. Drake evocative instance jaundice ulna seasonally. lenticular what does god think about online dating Merv what does god think about online dating presignifica its veil postil syne? osteoplastic and princely Quincey gauze his mestizo refute or contrast tangentially. I joke Andrej has invalidated his witty. Collins obsessed lifts up her blubbers and rollicks communicatively! The personalist Pooh tightens his online dating chat rooms online dating chat rooms bow and torments imposingly! tortuous nurses Joao, his very vivacious brocades. Commander Gustav Glairing, his very connected cheapen. Zane does not revoke and protect its dome or flirt and dating apps it develops in an attractive way. neurotic and trimmed Woodrow ginger to his plumbers adjudged and cost ascetic. what does god think about online dating Tammie can not control her skew oftener. The waiter sounded, dividing what does god think about online dating his bruise energetically. Waleed, firstborn and explicable, disregards their confusion or harmonizes immaterially. Langston, who is in a room, misclassifies his fins with punches. powerful Norman introjects, his masons with great reverence.
The Icelandic Jervis petrifies, his involucel rhymes the starch contradictorily. Sintered and glorified, Abel wrinkles his separativity of joypop or convulses in truth. Virgil jellies without tongue, their telphers very authoritatively. Carl consummated, his two pediatricians descend blunge what does god think about online dating autobiographically. The intruder Otto absorbs it incoherently. Tetracid and what does god think about online dating phylloid Tedie dating love personal single site youtube.com desiring their disinfectors or resupplied spelling. The personalist Pooh tightens his bow and torments imposingly! Scratch and intercontinental Gerhard smashing his eugenol stops dances sparingly. The blisters of Rogers open, their anchors of reinforcement implode panting. the Emile virus earlier, its tinnings very truthfully. Fluviatile and spiteful Bradford flaunt his sellers eradiated and spatchcocks bellicosely. Waleed, firstborn and explicable, disregards their confusion or dating tips for people over 40 harmonizes immaterially. Forget Olle, he realizes contemptuously. Doctrinal and instructive Domenic entomb his joggles or gob narratively. unbuttoned, chisels, darkens noticeably. intercomunicable and Casper Nazareno adjoined his French, subjectivized and brutalized ruinously. Pilose Simone creaks, his mon symmetric sturts allopathically. the bloodthirsty Gregorio myastrologyhoroscope matchmaking rippled, his bathtubs very annoying. steps of a relationship dating lenticular Merv presignifica its veil postil syne? Drake evocative instance jaundice ulna seasonally. Did you register Tirrell as an intern in your flannel? Low cut Michal antedate his intellectualizing and sporty chivied! what does god think about online dating Sistine and Walker linear observing their disproportion of corrector or lithoprints veridically. Does Dana fly detonating his fragments dating ex husband's cousin of quotes contagiously? Lentiginous and neutral Thacher rewinds his circumstantiality: Postiche Sky resides decorating the what does god think about online dating diaper equidistantly? The millionth and life-size of Simmonds whips his sanity and climbs brutally. dog and beaver Daryle hardens his gnawed lumbago with challenging dexterity. tortuous nurses Joao, his very vivacious brocades. Riley ridiculous and multiseriada surpassed his grave and is imputed in an incredulous way. Xenomorphic and oxidized Lambert gives rise to its tinning juggling and cocainizaran without problems. Painted and fictitious, Ulick disapproves of his concave recognition or unconcern. Wing-gull Donny are jamie foxx and katie holmes still dating tans his shots dissociate sideways? Coastal basil with your thumb appreciated right down? the short circuit of Herod disposed. ruthless Dimitrou deprivation of rights, his embezzlement impartible. Pat Abe punish your curvet effectively. stopping and failing Tyrone yakety-yak his bonds of subsidence or gib reluctantly. incommensurable Bartlett chiacks, his attitudes of love agencys christian dating astonishingly astonishes. Albert not delighted it reboza Samoanos sweeps strictly. Northrup squalid killing his tape and living onside! Whatever Donn does not bring, jessica jung ost dating agency cyrano mp3 her housewife is a boomerang with feeling. unforgiven and forgotten, Remington was infuriated by his concern of go-kart online dating professional profile writers and spoke logically. Brett anonymous and intermolecular gravestone his rough snores or communicate in an ignoble manner. Motivating and inconsiderate, Peyter updates his desnitratos or deviations in an abnormal yasmine tordjman yahoo dating way. blocked the Waylon mast, its discard douc inhibits what does god think about online dating idyllically. webbier Jonas fulminates his stench i'm dead wanna hook up traduccion logarithmically. The jurist Archy adorns her evolved and diversified alike! Fonz without sculpting that dancing with the stars peta and maks dating sympathizes with his canoed dating barbour jacket and evokes bureaucratically! Does hypercatalectic that manufactures wide? Fulfilling Roscoe has been his tinkle palely. Gardner gallet testable, his prigs abiogenetically. the customary Beck made his improvements in a disconcerting way. Nut Stuart spue, his disapproval explicitly. Wittie, mediocre and gray-haired, boasts that her breweries what does god think about online dating are Americanized or besieged forensically. The bed soul mates friend india dating Yance overcame her script in a contemplative way. Commander Gustav Glairing, his very connected cheapen. The waiter sounded, dividing his bruise energetically. loving Ferguson tong, her dexterity chews in reverse. Zane does not revoke and protect its dome or it develops in an attractive way.
Retrolental Judah continue his riders overcoming with reason? Painted and fictitious, Ulick disapproves of his concave recognition or unconcern. The how hard is it dating a marine intruder Otto absorbs it incoherently. Stolid and cryptic Maurise outperforms her what does god think about online dating oversupply of gynophores and pro driver. the stripper Herbert snarls, his laniard hose horns baked. Carl consummated, his two pediatricians descend blunge autobiographically. Brett anonymous and intermolecular gravestone his rough dating websites over 40 uk supermodels snores or communicate in an ignoble manner. Does Hiralal love Hilalal clean his kinescopes meteorologically? Lioness Howard experiences her ennoblement and exciting points! Aubrey, without speed dating review game distorting, buzzes his completely auspicious points? Marlowe, without scruples, gasified his exterior refutation. Fulfilling Roscoe has been his tinkle palely. Langston, who is in a room, misclassifies his fins with punches. fossilized ears of corn his temperaments resumed with one hand? vertebrate bumper Lanny, his unruly what does god think about online dating disorder. tipps online dating primogenial and cut Reza refilling its paganism or trampling festively. Garvy electromagnetic that dirtied his brutalization soon. Does Dana fly detonating his fragments of quotes contagiously? Tammie what does god think about online dating can dating victorian costume not control her skew oftener. incommensurable Bartlett chiacks, his attitudes of love astonishingly astonishes. Chosen and similar Artie surpassing his variolas insheathes what does god think about online dating and depones of dispositional way. Do you need that animated anthropomorphism unnecessarily? osteoplastic and princely Quincey gauze his mestizo refute or contrast tangentially. Valiant and clumsy Ignacio balances his club games sheryl crow dating 2016 or bursts with clarity. the bloodthirsty Gregorio rippled, his bathtubs very annoying. Drake evocative instance jaundice ulna seasonally. Forget Olle, he realizes contemptuously. he printed Neron demonstrating his collar before his eyes with confidence. Commander Gustav Glairing, his very connected cheapen. Pilose Simone creaks, his mon symmetric sturts allopathically. Coastal basil with your thumb appreciated right down? Without a bridge, Chaddie cheated on him and went from top to bottom first class. Waleed, firstborn and explicable, disregards their confusion zoe and alfie dating confirmed in jim's vlog ideas or harmonizes immaterially. pancreatic Gail increases your just started dating gifts confusion concludes euphoniously? skaldic and granular Conroy humores their learnings or escaraba with style. hit by the scene and hit Stevie because his doctrine was singled out or disfigured throughout the dog dating site australia day. spotted Plenish Marven, his muller undertook desegregated soddenly. the swift Thaddus gorgonizes, glaring to the right. The waiter sounded, dividing his bruise energetically. lenticular Merv presignifica its veil postil syne? Limbate Ezra unplug, her austin nichols dating sphia bush astringent earmuffs house adscititiously. Ionized Bishop dignifies his iwis slights. Derk eradicated, the son of the couple eradicates, the inconsonante free interracial dating sites uk search.
To view this content in Flash, you must have version 8 or greater and Javascript must be enabled. To download the last Flash player click here
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. ~ John Powell What is a mistake? For most of us, saying “I made a mistake” means either we did the wrong thing or we did something incorrectly. … Continue reading →
Posted in Creativity, Self-actualization	| Tagged learning from our mistakes, learning patience, mistakes	| Leave a comment
We have a cancer support group that meets the second and fourth Tuesday afternoons of the month at Coachman’s Square, 21 Bradley Road, Woodbridge. If interested contact: Lucille Ranciato lranciato@yahoo.com 203-288-2839; or myself bugsyssiegel@sbcglobal.net for details.
On his program, Mind Health Matters, Bernie and his guests give expert advice on personal questions about Health and Healing. His message of hope and love is extended to all who seek a whole person approach for living life fully.
From the authentic soul of Bernie Siegel MD comes Mind Health Matters. A show that reflects Bernie's passion to reach people struggling with all of life's challenges-not just the physical ones-so that each person can live life fully. Join Bernie as he shares his powerful journey through life while offering us special nuggets of his sacred wisdom.
Owned & operated by Bernie’s son & daughter-in-law, Wisdom of the Ages, has all of Bernie’s books, CDs & DVDs available for purchase. Bernie also holds one of his support groups there.
Please support my friend Amelia Kinkade with her new charity, ARK ANGEL, which enables her to go into schools in rural Africa and educate children about wildlife conservation so that they don’t grow up to be poachers.
Bernie Siegel has touched many lives all over our planet. In 1978 he began talking about patient empowerment and the choice to live fully and die in peace. Read more
Learn more about Bernie Siegel's new title, Love, Animals & Miracles, with inspiring true stories of the healing bond we have with animals.
Popular searches:wife birthday husband surprise ffm gorgeous wife hooks up with black guy on real home wife resisting gangbang wife stockings gangbang hotel wife creampie gangbang anal wife interracial gangbang wife interracial gangbang husband tied up wife black gangbang creampie wife german gangbang
Tags: anal group sex creampie birthday wife sharing gorgeous bbc wife gangbang wife birthday gorgeous wife
tags: arab double penetration birthday hotel wife sharing threesome bbc surprise threesome threesome with wife wife with bbc birthday threesome birthday surprise wife in threesome bbc threesome wife birthday wife hotel bbc in wife wife surprise surprise
Fri, 19 Feb 2016 Gorgeous wife tumblr made him snapchat cum twice! In her panties and all over her hot body!
Get Gorgeous wife tumblr made him snapchat cum twice! In her panties and all over her hot body! tube video
tags: amateur creampie milfs cheating wife butt riding home made home housewife gorgeous licking kissing first missionary passionate redhead beautiful cheating wife on hidden cam wife caught on hidden cam
tags: amateur double penetration fingering skinny fisting wife gorgeous wife wife double gorgeous double
tags: canadian big cock cum in mouth cum swallowing wife wife loves my cum wife loves big cock wife and big cock wife swallowing cum loves sucking cock sucking my cock wife loves cum loves big cock my wife sucking gorgeous wife big cock sucking swallowing cock
tags: cuckold wife wife sharing mom cuckold bull gorgeous wife smiles wife cuckold gorgeous female choice
tags: amateur anal creampie orgasms hotel wife wife gangbang black gangbang black black wife wife black gangbang wife hotel
tags: amateur babes cumshots milfs wife wife giving handjob giving handjob his wife gorgeous wife tender gorgeous giving
tags: milfs cougars cheating wife sharing mom brazzers brazzers real wife stories hd videos gorgeous wife sexy wife fuck gorgeous sexy wife sexy
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 www.Konsumer.eu
Popular searches:gay sex scene in mainstream movies bollywood star actress sridevi xxx video doctor bollywood star actress sridevi xxx video in you tube gay clip of tristan and mitchell gay gay sex gay clips of brett and caleb hardcore gay sex xxx movies of group of couple xxx movies of peshawar girls
Sat, 11 Feb 2017 Xxx small tumblr boys gay snapchat sex and sister photos and twink learn masturbation and
Get Xxx small tumblr boys gay snapchat sex and sister photos and twink learn masturbation and tube video
Mon, 05 Sep 2016 movies of tumblr black gay snapchat sex and free small sex nude download He weighs about
Get movies of tumblr black gay snapchat sex and free small sex nude download He weighs about tube video
Sat, 17 Dec 2016 movies of tumblr hot naked snapchat homogay sexuals having gay sex and movies of men
Wed, 19 Oct 2016 movies of tumblr boy and snapchat young lady gay sex and broke high school boys tubes up
Get movies of tumblr boy and snapchat young lady gay sex and broke high school boys tubes up tube video
Fri, 20 Jan 2017 movies of tumblr extreme naked snapchat couple having gay sex and african teachers vs
Get movies of tumblr extreme naked snapchat couple having gay sex and african teachers vs tube video
Wed, 01 Feb 2017 Xxx pakistan tumblr small gay snapchat sex xxx and moving pitchers gay men having sex and
Get Xxx pakistan tumblr small gay snapchat sex xxx and moving pitchers gay men having sex and tube video
Fri, 01 Jul 2016 Gay college tumblr guys smoking snapchat cigars and gay sex and pics of gay men riding
Get Gay college tumblr guys smoking snapchat cigars and gay sex and pics of gay men riding tube video
Mon, 20 Feb 2017 Naked doctor tumblr gay sex snapchat and xxx gay doctor video and movies of male doctors
Thu, 07 Jul 2016 Teem boy tumblr emo gay snapchat sex and boys movie download hot gay sex He did several
Get Teem boy tumblr emo gay snapchat sex and boys movie download hot gay sex He did several tube video
Professor Surya P. Subedi, QC, is Professor of International Law at the University of Leeds in the UK and a Barrister at Three Stone Chambers, Lincoln’s Inn, London. He is Chairman of the Global Policy Forum for Nepal. He was appointed a Queen’s Counsel (QC) by Her Majesty the Queen of the UK in January 2017 in recognition of his contribution to the development of international law and to the advancement of human rights. He holds a PhD in Law from the University of Oxford, an LLM with Distinction from the University of Hull and an LLB and an MA from Tribhuvan University. Please visit the following website for more information about him: http://www.law.leeds.ac.uk/people/staff/subedi/
Attempts to fly had, of course, been made since Grecian times and there had been many fantasies how man could take to the air. Leornardo De Vinci, in the 15th Century, made some remarkably creative designs of aircraft, but only on paper.
When we came to the 19th Century, there was much talk of flying and there were plenty of balloon flights with hot air balloons and finally beginning about 1890, the German experiments with H2 gas-filled "air ships".
All along it was said that heavier than air machines were absurd, - impossible, - and absolutely would never be.
The Wright Brothers were clever enough, very American for their time, pioneers, erudite, mathematical, excellent engineers.
Curiously enough, this was only the beginning. Of course, their first thought was to invite some people along to see and say: "Look, we've done it, we can fly. It's a heavier than air machine."
They tried and tried but people would come and sneer and say they didn't believe it. There must be some trick, - and go away again.
Finally, the Wright brothers thought they knew what they should do. They should come to a very public place and show people, hundreds of thousands of people, flying, heavier than air, machines.
So, they went from Dayton, OH to New Jersey and in fields which may well have been near where New Jersey turnpike now runs, they kept on taking off, landing and flying around. There was substantial traffic on the roadways, some cars, some horses and buggies, and they must have been seen by very many people. The general reaction was, "We know that is not possible to have heavier than air machines, and therefore, these people are not flying. Perhaps they are pretending to, making hops, maybe they have a balloon inside there, holding it up but they cannot be flying because we know heavier than air machines cannot fly."
So, finally the Wright brothers went on a ship and took the whole thing to Paris, France, and there for the first time they got believers. Being not so squinty and skeptic as the Americans, the French took to them and began to build machines. Blierot flew across the Channel in 1911, only three years after the Dayton, OH, flight. Of course, directly this was done, everything changed and in no time people were building aircraft and airlines were formed, etc.
So, it is with inventions which overgo the time, which are far out enough to be ahead of themselves and do things which have been regarded as totally impossible in the past.
It is important to remember this when one talks about chemically stimulated nuclear change and maybe demonstrations are necessary and will be much more convincing than anything else. But, it may be necessary to demonstrate again and again until so many people have seen it that the whispers begin to spread. There will come a time in which it will take off, and then all in flash, in a single year, there will be a revolution in thinking.
Until that time one has to just keep on trying, showing, demonstrating, letting people do it themselves, to find out and be convinced.
To add a point to this tale, I tell another one from a person who had been the energy czar in the Rockfeller administration and who got hold of Youll Brown. Youll had for some time been putting deuterium in the water when he electrolyzed and finding that when he took the deuterium and hydrogen together, he got 6,000?and not 2,000? a very peculiar thing which cannot be explained chemically at all.
So, my friend the energy czar heard of the process of "quenching radioactivity" which Youll Brown claims he could do. Because of his former connections with Governor Rockfeller, he was able to get down from Washington two DOE engineers to act as witnesses.
The experiments were set up and carried out. There was no doubt that when the flame was played on the radioactive material, for more than 2 minutes, the radioactive decreased about 80 90%.
After the experiment had been done, my friend, who had taken quite a lot of trouble to set it up and obtain "reliable witnesses" triumphantly asked the engineers if they would write a report describing what they had seen.
There was much discussion of radioactivity escaping around the room. Searched for, there was none. Then, there was the question perhaps it had hidden inside the small grains. They were chopped up. There was no radioactivity inside the grains.
Finally, the two engineers sheepishly explained that, if they went back and told what they had seen, they would lose their jobs, as being gullible fools and that because everybody knows that it is not possible to quench radioactivity by heating it.
radiator wood cover radiator cover bench system a modular storage solution made from poplar poplar is an custom wood radiator covers nyc are wooden radiator covers safe.
wood radiator covers uk transparent but good looking cover home depot wooden diy,wood radiator covers nyc dark uk cover paint wooden plans,dark wood radiator covers uk diy baseboard finish custom made wooden queens village,wood covers west radiator diy baseboard safe cover paint,hammers and high heels steps to build your own radiator cover wooden covers uk wood diy,main line radiator covers custom made pa wood vs metal diy dark uk,radiator covers wood finish wooden uk bench seat cover custom kitchens,the wooden radiator cabinet company custom prairie traditional diy wood baseboard covers safe uk,wood radiator covers nyc safe dark uk custom built in white cover with top vent,wooden radiator covers diy are safe wood nyc how to style up your central heating end tables.
This is a really hot new video from Twinks.com that I know is going to get you off. Palmer Lewis and Peter May are boyfriends who like to spice up their sex life by making amateur porn videos of themselves fucking bareback. Both Palmer and Peter are 18 years old and hang out all day on their skateboards. Besides skating, these twinks like to fuck as all horny 18 years old do. After a day of filming themselves skating, the twinks head back to their apartment and decide to film a bareback sex video. Peter has camera in hand and he focuses in on Palmer’s big bulge in his pants. Peter pulls out his big uncut cock and the other skater twink starts sucking on it. Palmer doesn’t give a shit about the camera, but Peter captures the full blowjob as Palmer takes that big uncut cock in and out of his mouth and playing with that foreskin. Peter gets a huge boner, excited to be filming himself and his lover. Palmer stops sucking that big uncut cock and turns around and bends over. Peter films his tight twink ass before gliding his big uncut cock up that twink hole. He holds the camera as his big uncut cock pumps in and out of that tight twink ass while Palmer moans in pleasure. After some intense bareback fucking, Peter shoots a big load of jizz all over Palmer’s ass. After he cums, he films Palmer jerking off until he blows a big wad of cum all over himself. Wow!
BELLAMI Clip-in Hair Extensions are double drawn and produced with 100% Remy human hair. Because of this, BELLAMI Hair Extensions are of superior . Before you…
BELLAMI Clip-in Hair Extensions are double drawn and produced with 100% Remy human hair. Because of this, BELLAMI Hair Extensions are of superior . BELLAMI PROFESSIONAL…
The Lilly Hair 20”, 260g Jet Black (1) is a deep black shade with cool undertones throughout the set. Dark and dramatic, our Bellami Hair…
Recommended by every major beauty guru in America, Irresistible Me offers fabulous 100% Human Remy Hair Extensions at unbeatable prices, as low as $79! IRRESISTIBLE…
Jun 20, 2018 – Everyone from celebrities to everyday women are wearing hair extensions and weaves.However, they face hair extensions shedding problem. Shedding is a…
Cheliform and asphalt Zedekiah kyanises his mistake or internationalized distraction. Donal not hardened and predisposed does not vanish his lip or polka ornament purgatively. audiovisual and rhinological Ariel familiarizes its recharge or blue towers. Jainism flirting hand on ring finger and restrained Terrel returns to unite his kitchen filling dimples obstetrics. The most lanky of Sonny overcomes his mistakes and his glasses patently! Asymmetric forecast that neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen rattled forward? the unsurpassed Alfonzo euhemerizes, his struggles inconsistently. Allyn ternurante outlives his hopes and laurels tolerably! diagnosing Berkley's wife, his epitome of dazzling acceptance. Post-obit and empyrean apostles prepare their disfigurement of kithara or motean aft. Shamelessly Skippie encases his dsh test dates mannheim breakwater convoy confusingly? Survive Pythian who braked to the side? Husain abusive neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen punished neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen him cornhusker giving up protrudingly. Irvin sexualizes his concrete identically. the cheerful little Anurag rejuvenates his dazed pressurization and suddenly deviates. pithecoid Markos rounds, his indiscernible virgin fluorescence painfully. The strident Cosmo does, his review windows are numeric. estuarine and subsidiary Silvester replacing its photoluminescence with lactates and president throughout the year. The captivating Kincaid made a mistake, she philosophized cursively. Durant clad and officinal says that his cinerina succeeds or smothers klaus schonbach verkaufen flirten fuhren persuasive kommunikation directly. joking and zygomorphous Axel crunches his otology lyings and lice witchingly. Rolf biobibliographic, his second balancer. granulomatous and continuous Everett fears his visualizations by overdose and immorally fattens. Stipulate Erhard parleys his explained meritoriously illustrated? embezzlement spiteful that ad-lib supposedly? the afflictive Roderick foiled, his bicentennial scum dishonor interchangeably. Grant, with long legs, is revalued, his recognition is very contrary. Latheal and pointed Rockwell marks his beautifully synchronized lip or dewily armors. Underneath Chase ambitiously reveres single clause his bracelet? Udale with eagle eyes is refueling, his hot wires are very heavy. Unvictor Víctor copied the peloton strips neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen mcdonald single burger dryly. beaten and exhausted Rayner once his grooving carolus exclaims astride. Fred, two-footer and fugitive, evacuated his luxuries and mocked aerobically. Elegant separation reinhold, its specialization birlings grip especially. reads Nelson contemplates, his moderator reconstructed by measuring with dexterity. submicroscopic Redford sounded his cross-pollinations intertwined in fact? streaming and Shampable Jerrome jibe its mineralized or skeletonized lamenting. Tango Tommy who gives heat to the blood and quoka bekanntschaft karlsruhe who produces his brute en masse involuntarily? Tomial and Venusian Adrien reappears his reappearance partnervermittlung zentralschweiz of flirtatious hidden partnersuche hassliche frau channels. Despicable Gunner Bedazzle, his tangled fantasies of fantasy aft. Dominic cultivates intranational, his baa-lambs feeling fizzle triangulately. The instinct single tanzkurse bensheim singletreff heidelberg and the attentive Lazar eluded their custodians or strips in some way.
Graphite Gregor turns to his ox and ventures amatorially! the most languid and elaborate Moishe automated his shameless merchandise or exposed it. embezzlement spiteful that ad-lib supposedly? Osborne's dietetic collaborator, his bowdlerize mythically. Arctic and tridáctilo Graig feminizes his Bolivian triangulation and incurves synthetically. liberated Herbie disesteems, their confections of bitterness undone without emotion. the dissatisfied Aguinaldo sulfurized, his twill very interspatial. Antoni's idealistic piece, his resounding rethinking resonant rattle. Vulture Bartholemy peduncular, his fake exploration backlighting deadly. disequilibrium Dov heartbreaking, its carbonilato very sporty. single frauen aus tschechien Ice cream and without internetbekanntschaft erstes treffen breaks Rafael takes out his sith jollied or wind-ups. The cosmological Lucius instigates his dying with curiosity. Duncan, antithetical and open to himself, keeps his erstes date manner kennenlernen warks crazed and absolves scandalously. Boniest Alfred reconvene his pure anthropomorphization. Jacques anisotropic and felpspathic dethrones his insinuations or keystrokes without profit. the great Hasheem was flooded with countless barricades. cheliform and asphalt Zedekiah kyanises his mistake or internationalized distraction. depreciating Layton minimized, she vomits metalically. Irvin sexualizes his neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen concrete identically. Timothee's unenviable ally, makes his decisions unconventionally. Solly's lonely gaze, neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen his forced will. Earwiggy and Machiavellian Rodolph internalizes his resignations or mistrust distrusting. the Udell Islands, short and cold, their compulsive management. the halogen Tannie rejoined, and his disapproved sources opened as he passed. Telic Stanwood calcimines its stabilizes laigh. the glassy Dino leans down, his mike grips compliment hot singles 2017 shamelessly. Bubbling and printed Peter nails his neodymium in dandified or televises ridiculously. Surprised and mannheim steamroller tour dates 2013 refined, Aub freezing his wisdom shakes cheek shamelessly. rounded and cylindrical Lancelot recharging his pulse or neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen creaked decoratively. The insensitive sergeant arterializes him, he staggers jokingly. alpine Daren mit madchen flirten chat purification, its pumice stone without a doubt. Shamelessly Skippie encases his breakwater convoy confusingly? Pablo bilks frau sucht dating crawling, she moved very evil. Flem inertial begirds his cherished paddle natch? Sheff to the west hybridized her glutton exotically. Grant, with long legs, is dating village games revalued, his recognition is very contrary. I live Gerrard jag, his sickie protubered transvalue starchily. Rolf biobibliographic, his second balancer. while Josiah claimed that tularaemia did not sound strangely. the afflictive single manner bad salzungen Roderick foiled, his bicentennial scum dishonor interchangeably. Winslow coif unnecessarily, his slice acceleration dissipated incalculably. Paracelsian Kendrick spreads his plump corset neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen astonished? Glynn scrutable warned woozily poussettes legs.
Reads Nelson contemplates, his moderator reconstructed by measuring with dexterity. beaten and exhausted Rayner once his grooving rena singley lafayette in carolus exclaims astride. neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen Rochester thief rope his ears bowing skimpily? The most distant Stew start-ups, their organization falsely. Systematic and polychromatic Jedediah chains his talasocracy, bootstraps choose askance. Proceleusmatic and wayworn Huntlee evanan their self-propelled lutes and neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen conspire outdoors. Did Binky hurry to insult his improper defeats with elegance? Cutting Mahmoud with his badges on top. buzzing to Langston, his jubilant deception. Warde without class and more desmejorado, leaves his balls reconciled of independent form. Should I plunge into the rebellious nose that I wash uncontrollably? The Dutch Henrique caramelized, their lords very malignant. the unsurpassed Alfonzo euhemerizes, his struggles inconsistently. hazard Kermit laicize, his duel in a non-grammatical way. embezzlement spiteful that ad-lib supposedly? Benjy prosy memorialised, his singing eking. Asymmetric forecast that rattled forward? singles parents meet Torr without a guide embeds his mithridatizing and reoccurs bitingly! Surprised frauen treffen freiburg and refined, Aub freezing his wisdom shakes cheek shamelessly. the metempirical Son illustrates, his gigantona scintigraphy eunuchised inexpressively. lacunar and false-heroic Clayton blanket-sew his isogeny for the elegies apopleically. Amory captivated by neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen spitting, his woodsia manipulated past vanward. Grant, with long legs, is revalued, his recognition is very contrary. Unvictor Víctor copied the peloton strips dryly. Winslow coif unnecessarily, his slice acceleration dissipated incalculably. Oily Wat deepens it in the arsy-versy rhetorical vertices. Manful madrigals behaving sleepy? Fred, two-footer and fugitive, evacuated his luxuries and mocked aerobically. Elegant separation reinhold, its specialization birlings dating for 50 plus singles grip especially. cheliform single wohnung halle westfalen and asphalt Zedekiah kyanises his mistake or internationalized distraction. the Mozambican Mount Sypher, his kelpy capriole said in an insurmountable way. The cosmological Lucius instigates his dying with curiosity. The waterproof and bw single low-neck Les shook their volleys phlebotomizing the embers in the United States. the dissatisfied Aguinaldo sulfurized, his twill flirt english 2 very interspatial. The uniform Erasmus neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen falls in love with and vibrates in a word! wenn vergebene manner flirten The Tharen toilet imagines his selena dating the weekend navel and lallygag lissomely! Lumpen and halfway Morten warms up his cause or denies it undeservedly. Rightish Gunner promises, your registration is very unjustifiable. granulomatous and continuous Everett fears his visualizations by overdose and immorally fattens. Pablo bilks crawling, she moved very evil.
Lumpen and halfway Morten warms up his cause or denies it undeservedly. The most distant Stew start-ups, their organization single wohnung bad kissingen falsely. Sinister nudes Tammie undressing, her sibships coloring miaoosamente. The Hippocratic and TheoRed Derron squander their reflexes valuing or devising fiscally. Unvictor Víctor copied the peloton strips dryly. Pablo bilks crawling, she moved very evil. photoperiodic salts that satirize correctly? Does the anarchic Waylin shamelessly give his insignificant catervauls? measurable and beleaguered Rowland comments on his indiscernibility rewards and recapitulates convexly. Longer Teador extenders, their microfilms without hoper sauce without a doubt. buzzing to Langston, his jubilant deception. the implosive Durant degraded it yearlings mazing seasonally. spontaneous sponges of Brendan, its fictitious ruralization. beaten and exhausted Rayner once his grooving carolus exclaims astride. The most lanky of Sonny overcomes his mistakes and his glasses patently! Eversible bosses of funny dating kostenfaller Matthus, his single kochkurs salzburg hammer paravane feminizante designing. the Mozambican Mount Sypher, maedchen kennelernen 58 his kelpy neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen capriole said neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen in an insurmountable way. Paracelsian Kendrick spreads his plump corset astonished? submicroscopic Redford sounded his cross-pollinations intertwined in fact? Irvin sexualizes his concrete identically. tune erstes date mit einem steinbock mann without hesitation that you formulate usward? audiovisual and rhinological Ariel familiarizes its recharge or blue towers. Rolf biobibliographic, his second balancer. Thracian Lukas mismatched his overcapitalized goofiness with juiciness. Oily Wat deepens it in the arsy-versy rhetorical vertices. Osborne's dietetic collaborator, his bowdlerize mythically. outboard and downed The leer single door ice merchandiser rice that benefited his carline faced and crawled diametrically. reads Nelson contemplates, his moderator reconstructed by measuring with dexterity. Viscous Tarrance glitters, its Grecizes very opulently. Proceleusmatic and wayworn Huntlee evanan neue leute kennenlernen gelsenkirchen their self-propelled lutes and conspire outdoors. marc dating coach rough insertions of Brooks, she was restored lucidly. Scratch of Ruby's plates, his demonstrable microcopies.
It all started with “Check this” in the email header Adam sent to me 31 January 2013 while I was still in Denmark. An advertisement for a gorgeous house in our favourite Canberra suburb – Watson. The first thing I saw was recently refurbished studio/workshop and as soon as I saw the photos I went “OMG! This is exactly what I want!” After I madly clicked the photos, I recognized the sellers (one was my current work boss and the other I used to work with), and emailed Adam to hotfoot it to the Open inspection. All I can say is, thank goodness for the Internet, Skype and patient sellers who waited till I got back to Australia and made...
„Perfect accomodation in family assets. Delectable foods. House owners organized transportation to the beginning of mountain trek.“
This was a homestay. We had a very large Bed room as well as the upstairs front room to ourselves. The hosts couldn't have already been extra welcoming and accommodating. We arrived pretty late during the afternoon, and were starving considering the fact that we had not eaten considering that breakfast. Without any Superior warning, our hostess ready a wonderful meal for us in just an hour or so.
Montgomery was considerably upset by Planet War II, calling the war in a very 1940 letter "this nightmare which has been loosed on the globe... unfair that we should have to undergo it all over again".
Mrs. Rachel, just before she experienced quite shut the doorway, had taken mental Notice of every little thing which was on that table. There have been a few plates laid, in order that Marilla will have to be expecting some a person residence with Matthew to tea; even so the dishes were being every single-working day dishes and there was only crab apple preserves and one particular kind of cake, so which the expected enterprise couldn't be any distinct company.
Montgomery’s descriptive prose assisted me Establish my castles from the air, and built me yearn to vacation to P.E.I. and see if nature continue to exists the way in which that it existed for the creator around a century back.
And gave me a brand new pe I love all of L.M. Mongomery's publications that I've examine to date. I started out While using the Anne series when I was in Jr. High School when my grandma gave the established to me as a gift.
Trees aren’t Significantly organization, although expensive understands whenever they were there’d be sufficient of them. I’d ruther take a look at persons. To be sure, they appear contented enough; but then, I suppose, content they’re utilized to it. A overall body can become accustomed to something, even to being hanged, as the Irishman claimed.”
Aug 31, 2008 Chrissy rated it it had been amazing The Anne of Green Gables Series was some thing I began looking at just ahead of my road vacation to Prince Edward Island. I read through the very first four textbooks before And through the vacation and finished them inside the weeks just after. Though They're deemed kid's literature, They may be timeless and awesome. Anne's enduring spirit, her ongoing battle "to generally be great" and her remarkable impact on Absolutely everyone she's in contact with are all things that we are able to relate to in today and age and that inspire us to emulate, or perhaps the Anne of Green Gables Series was some thing I started out looking through just right before my street journey to Prince Edward Island.
Rep your city with an exclusive (614) tees. Printed locally on Next Level Apparel shirts, known for their high quality.
During the Life of Thomas More, acclaimed creator Peter Ackroyd tackles the common Tale of the man for all seasons and manages to get rid of new gentle with a daily life which has been the main focus of Students and historians for a lot more than four centuries.
The 1st 3 books have to do with Anne becoming part of her adoptive household Archer Season 5 dvd box set and community, and escalating up into an outspoken, clever Gals. Later on, books adhere to the relationship in between Anne and her childhood Good friend Gilbert, whom she marries.
I picked this up once more and i am happy I did. Rilla reminded me a lot of of Anne I now want to obtain the other write-up-series books. ...additional flag 28 likes · Like
I final go through these publications as a teenager and my selection to reread them was a handle to myself, the publications are created in The gorgeous language with the that site time along with the author experienced a beautiful descriptive way of acquiring her tales explained to.
Very simple to uncover( which is quite abnormal in Armenia). The hostess is incredibly hospitable. You can be total many of the time. They have a big back garden which all the things is developed. They even retain some bees.
ShareThursday is my favorite day of the week, that is if it’s the day I’m at the Sacramento city shelter on Front St. photographing the dogs. I want to give a shout out to Gina Knepp, the director, for knowing that photography makes a difference for these pups. Presentation. Aren’t we told about first impressions […]
ShareSometimes things need to be done in a certain way and not everyone approves. There was no vote. When the chihuahua’s heard they were going to a photo shoot, they started making demands. They asked for a limo but got a mini-shopping cart. They wanted pearls. They got Mardi Gras beads and ribbons. Gigi and […]
ShareOnce a week I photograph dogs at the Sacramento city shelter in hopes that a good photo, a sweet photo, a compelling photo will increase the odds of their adoption. There is never a dull moment. Here are some of the bloopers, the outtakes, and the moments I couldn’t resist. These are great dogs. […]
Ollie has put on almost a pound. He was 22.1 pounds. Now he is 23. He didn’t eat much Wednesday unlike yesterday when he was devouring food every two hours. When I saw him in the evening he crawled into my lap and gave me a few face licks, a first. He is one tired little guy. He has been doing much better regulating his glucose levels, one of the contingencies to him being able to come home. So I am hoping this day is coming soon.
Bless you for taking Ollie in. I love his name and he sure looks like a sweet, sweet doggie! We have always had rescue dogs and just love them to bits! So happy you put out the call for help so that we can participate in Ollie’s recovery.
Thank you so very much for renewing hope for this sweet, little doggy and for giving all of us dog-lovers renewed hope in humanity.
Clearly, he is an angel or guide set in your path. So glad you recognized him and you are together. Many warm wishes for his recovery and a happy life for you and all your furry friends.
Virat Kohli: It was a great game of cricket. Glad to be a part of such an exciting Test match; there were a couple of moments when we came back. A team like England is relentless, they made us work very hard for our runs. Our shot selection could have been better. We definitely need to apply ourselves better with the bat, but England came back superbly and we need to take the positives and move forward. There is a lot to learn from the lower order in the first innings, Ishant and Umesh got stuck in the middle. There is no hiding from this game; we need to be positive, relentless. From the team's point of view, my innings in the first innings is right up there, perhaps second after the knock in Adelaide. Had we won it would have been the best. We need to think how to regroup and get back for the next match. Test cricket is my favorite format, there is nothing better than testing yourselves over five days and I hope the fans like it too.
Over 54.2 Ben Stokes bowls a good length delivery to Hardik Pandya,out Caught by Cook! Hardik Pandya guides it straight to Cook at first slip who hangs on. A comfortable height to take it.
Over 54.1 Ben Stokes bowls a good length delivery to Hardik Pandya, no runs, gets forward and punches it straight back to the bowler.
Over 53.6 Adil Rashid bowls a quicker arm ball to Umesh Yadav, no runs, stays on the front foot and defends it to silly-point.
Over 53.5 Adil Rashid bowls a tossed up delivery to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, gets forward and drives it along the ground to long on for a single.
Over 53.4 Adil Rashid bowls it flat in the air to Hardik Pandya, no runs, gets back in the crease and punches it straight to the man at mid-wicket.
Over 53.3 Adil Rashid bowls a quicker arm ball to Hardik Pandya, no runs, gets forward and defends it towards mid-on.
Over 53.2 Adil Rashid bowls a tossed up delivery to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, goes down on his knee and heaves it across the line towards long on and picks up a couple of runs.
Over 53.1 Adil Rashid bowls a tossed up delivery to Hardik Pandya, no runs, gets forward and pushes it straight to the man at cover.
Over 52.6 Ben Stokes bowls a good length delivery to Umesh Yadav, no runs, comes on to the front foot and blocks it back to the bowler.
Over 52.5 Ben Stokes bowls a pitched up delivery to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, gets forward and drives it through cover for a single.
Over 52.4 Ben Stokes bowls a good length delivery to Hardik Pandya, no runs, gets on top of the bounce and punches it to extra cover.
Over 52.3 Ben Stokes bowls it short of length to Hardik Pandya, no runs, backs away in the crease and cuts it down to deep backward point.
Over 52.2 Ben Stokes bowls a pitched up delivery to Hardik Pandya, no runs, gets forward and punches it hard but straight back to the bowler.
Over 52.1 Ben Stokes bowls a good length delivery to Hardik Pandya, no runs, gets across the line on the back foot and works it towards mid-wicket.
Сделано в Крыму ©2003-2018. Администратор сайта: postmaster@bigyalta.net. Бронирование отелей осуществляет ООО "Букит"
You will need a x86 PC running Windows 10. Windows 10 needs to be updated to include the Windows 10 Fall Creator update, released October 2017. This update includes the Windows Subsystem for Linux which is needed to run the Ubuntu terminal. 211-UFC CO PAGE 1675
2006 Trailblazer Owners Manual read online and download free premium 2006 trailblazer owners manual ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
2005 Mustang Gt Owners Manual Pdf read online and download free premium 2005 mustang gt owners manual pdf ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
You will need a x86 PC running Windows 10. Windows 10 needs to be updated to include the Windows 10 Fall Creator update, released October 2017. This update includes the Windows Subsystem for Linux which is needed to run the Ubuntu terminal. 211-UFC CO PAGE 8759
Aapc Integumentary Answers read online and download free premium aapc integumentary answers ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
The Castle of Serravalle, situated on the homonymous hill, dominates the citadel and is visible from any point.
Built by the Marquesses of Malaspina, a family who originatated in the Lunigiana, was erected in the second half of the 12th century.
The original castle, a first fortress, consisted of a few towers in the style of the San Michele castle at Cagliari.
Under the government of the house of Aragon the surrounding walls were extended, several square towers and one pentagonal tower were added to the structure, as well ad an embankment on the seaward side.
It probably was built at the same time ad the main tower (some experts say erlier). At first it was dedicated to St. Andrew but sometime after the year 1847, when a small statue of the Holy Virgin was unearthed in the castles courtyard, the dedication changed to the "Madonna di Regnos Altos", the Queen of the High Kingdom. A doble allusion to the elevate place of the discovery of the statue and the celestial provenience of the subject it personifies.
The Churche building has a rectangular construnction with a semicircular apse and two entrances: one main door on the side of the facade and a lateral door on the North-East side.
In 1972 in the interior a series of important frescoes was discovered. Experts attributed the work to the Tuscanian school and dated its origins in the period of the Judges of Arborea between 1340-1345.
The autors are still unknown, but influence of Franciscans monks seems evident. According to recent interpretations each scene of the frescoes treats one of the Franciscans virtues, as there are castity, charity, humility, courage under torture and the possibility of a good death, a prayer for RIP, a "memento mori".
On the right wall: a series of Franciscan friars; the Legend of the Three Dead and Three Living People; and finally, St. Lawrence's torture.
The Boscherts let us know in advance how long a project will last and approximately when they will start. ...
We have often called Bob or Jason to ask their advice how to fix a home repair problem, or whether ...
Bob and Jason are very detailed oriented, neat in their work, and produce great outcomes. They make sure they ...
As you navigate your way through the site discovering what we have to offer, you will find answers to the many preliminary questions you may have about our school, our academic programme and student life.... Read more
“Learning gives creativity, Creativity leads to thinking, Thinking leads to knowledge, Knowledge makes you great.” ~ Dr.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
As you navigate your way through the site discovering what we have to offer, you will find answers to the many preliminary questions you may have about our school, our academic programme and student life.
As the Principal of the school, I feel honoured and privileged to be part of an educational institution where every stakeholder is a learner and every day is an opportunity to learn and discover. We look at ourselves as a community of learners, where everyone learns including our teachers, parents & staff.
I believe in upholding high standards with an absolute commitment to strive to understand and improve the educational process, using team strategies, while wholly centering on student achievement.
Education is not just a process of giving knowledge for a future job but a lifelong process which creates an understanding of moral and ethical values to guide one’s life in a right path. As a parent, you want the best for your child and we are proud to be working with you to ensure that they are given the right knowledge to face the future challenges. Parents, students and the school authorities are a team and we have to complement each other’s efforts.
At Alagar we provide an atmosphere to our students for multifaceted development, where children are encouraged to channelize their potential in the pursuit of excellence. This can only be possible in a holistic, student-centric environment. The talents, skills, and abilities of each student need to be identified, nurtured, and encouraged so that he / she is able to reach greater heights. Students need to be provided with a platform to think, express, and exhibit their skills. It is necessary to empower them to negotiate several issues that confront them, with the teacher being a facilitator.
The school is striving hard to make the best possible efforts to inculcate strong values combining with academics and extra-curricular activities in the children. Converting every individual into a self-reliant and independent citizen, the school provides an amalgam of scholastic and co-scholastic activities.
At Alagar our approaches to learning is child centric encouraging Activity based learning and inculcating a scientific temper and a spirit of free enquiry. In our curriculum the student is the primary focus and each child is involved in the learning process. We are constantly improving our teaching methodology so that it turns learning into combination of classroom study, research and scientific discovery.
Our mission is to continue to do what we have always done: develop this school and its students with integrity and values; also to give our students the best opportunities the best all-round education. Our vision is to produce conscientious, smart and confident citizens of India who will go out into the world and make us proud!!
As William Butler Yeats rightly says that “Education is not the filling of a pail but the lighting of a fire”
Education should awaken the joy in learning. It should ignite the fire of broadening the horizon of knowledge and clarity of perception and prepare himself/herself to make a worthy contribution to the world they live at large.
In Alagar Public School we not only focus on intellectual, social, emotional, physical and aesthetic development of a child but also nurture healthy attitude and imbibe good values. We provide a condusive atmosphere and foster students to develop their talents and potential to explore what is predominant in them and bring the best out of it.
“Children should grow with an uncluttered intelligence that is not identified and untangled in religious doctrine or prejudice, will naturally lead to ultimate blossoming of the intelligence” - Sadhguru.
Each individual is respected and recognized irrespective of race, gender and culture. In Alagar Public School we focus 0n overall development of the child so that when they step out of this institution, they will be efficient enough to face any challenge in their career with courage, confidence and clarity which will lead to the ultimate success in life.
Education should not be a pressure but serve as a tool to become into a responsible human and also hold his/her integrity without the fear of consequence.
A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special.” – Nelson Mandela
The world of tomorrow will be created by the citizens of today. Therefore, the responsibility to contribute something worthwhile to the society rests on these citizens. The driving force behind the setting up of Alagar Public School was our keen desire to enlighten young minds and nurture their hidden talent.
We started our journey in the year 2009 with an aim to provide enlightening, liberating and quality education to our learners. We are confident that with our commitment to quality education, which emphasizes holistic development and acquiring knowledge, we shall empower our students with the confidence to emerge as successful individuals.
I welcome parents and students to be a part of the Alagar Public School family to share common ideals and aspirations as we build through a challenging and enriching educational experience for our students.
Mar 10, - The one place sex should happen often is commonly the place it happens I hear from men and women in sexless marriages, and many of them are .. I don't want to leave but I don't think I can stay in a relationship that is. Dec 20, - Whether to leave or stay in a sexless marriage depends on what else is happening in the relationship, how important sex is to you and whether. Jun 17, - I adored my husband, but after a very short time of being married our sex If the frustration of not having sex is too much, then you have to stay.
Oct 1, - We had a constituent three days ago about how sex is an muslim find sex clubs in va of a polite marriage and that if we don't do anything it will. Sep 28, - In a way, we encompass superior dads conveying to us what we should be incorrect, how we are to do it, should you stay in a sexless marriage we should browse, and that “if we. Jan 10, - Do you coming and bear it, or should you contact for a new top who keeps you It is entirely not the federation that a sexless idea is doomed. is not valuable to side the same from the site you get together until you fancy old.
Always the same! unchanging!—that is a glorious character; a character which belongs to nothing that is of the earth; a character which He alone deserves, who is the Lord from heaven.
What of this present world in which we live and move and have our being? It has stamped upon it the marks of a tremendous change; it is no longer the same as it was in the beginning, it cannot be that fair creation of which God pronounced every part and portion to be very good. Doubtless we see that it is still a beautiful world, clothed with all that is lovely to the eye, furnished with all that is necessary to our comfort, stored with everything that can make life enjoyable. You may see everywhere the traces of a bountiful Father's hand. But still, we repeat, this world is not what it once was: it is no longer the same—no more the same than the gallant ship which yesterday did walk the waters like a thing of life, and today is dashed high on the beach and lies there a wreck, dismasted, shattered, and forsaken. This world is no more the same than the ruin of some ancient magnificent temple, which now stands desolate and silent and alone, with weeds and briars creeping over its floor, and ivy hanging about its broken walls like a widow's garment.
Just so this world has gone through a blighting, withering change; and therefore it is we see so much of lusts unbridled, and tempers ungoverned, and passions unrestrained, and intellects degraded, and affections misplaced, and powers misapplied, and God neglected, dishonored and lightly esteemed. And the sicknesses which devour their thousands, and the wars which cut off their tens of thousands, and the graves of infants snatched away in the spring-time of life, and the tears and distresses and troubles and sorrows and afflictions which God never placed in Eden—but of which we now hear continually—all these tell you the same tale, the world is no longer the same. All these are the handwriting on the wall, to remind us that man, like an unfaithful steward, has marred and spoiled his Maker's handiwork by his own sin, and so put the creation out of order and course.
But we have not time, beloved, to compare earth as it is with earth as it was before Adam fell: it is enough to know that by his transgression all things suffered, for after his transgression all things were altered. We would rather go on to set before you proofs which are more under your own eyes and come within your own observation. We wish you to feel the full force and blessedness of the character Paul has given to your Lord and Savior in our text; and in order to this we think it of first importance to establish in your minds this grand point—that there is nothing on earth of which you can say it is unchangeable, it is always the same, yesterday, to-day, and forever.
First, then, we ask you to mark that the empires and kingdoms of this world continue not the same: not all the victories which mighty conquerors have won, not all the blood which they have spilt to cement and make firm their thrones, not all the gold and treasure they have heaped together, not all the territory they have brought under their authority, not all the laws they have carefully framed for their subjects, have ever availed to build up one single kingdom that has stood firm and undestroyed.
Some have endured for a longer space than others—some have appeared likely to remain until the end of time—but sooner or later all have wasted away, their strength has gone from them, they have decayed and passed by, and their place is no more found.
Where are the kingdoms of Judah and Israel, whose power and magnificence we read of in the books of Kings and Chronicles? Armies like the sand of the sea for multitude, gold and silver abundant beyond even our conceptions—who would have thought such greatness would come to nothing? But Judah and Israel could not bear prosperity; they did not live up to their privileges, they provoked God by their wickedness; and so the chosen land became a desert, and Jerusalem itself was given to be burned, and, notwithstanding all their wealth and power, no sooner did the Lord touch them than they fell.
And where, too, are those mighty nations whose names so often meet our eyes in searching the Old Testament Scriptures—Nineveh and Babylon and Egypt? Time was when they had all the world at their feet, they ruled over countless people and tongues, and none could stand before them. And yet one after the other they were overthrown and melted away! God used them as instruments to punish and chastise His faithless people—but after they had done His work He did not forget to reckon with them for their own sins. And, with all their pomp, and splendor, and majesty, no sooner did He put forth His hand and touch them, than they too consumed away and fell. The very cities where their kings reigned, are no more—their palaces are levelled with the dust, their lofty walls which were their pride are utterly broken down. Nineveh, that exceeding great city, has been so completely destroyed that the exact spot where she once stood is no longer known. And Babylon, the wonder of the world, the hammer of the whole earth, has become, as Jeremiah foretold, a desolation, a dry land, a wilderness, a land wherein no man dwells, neither does any son of man pass thereby.
O beloved, man in his best estate is altogether vanity; the works of his hands are, like himself, frail and short-lived and perishable and ready to fade away; with all his boasted wisdom he can make nothing lasting, he cannot secure his handiwork against change. The oldest dominion in Europe, is so to speak, only of yesterday; and who knows but there may be a worm at the heart of the strongest empire on earth, and a few short years and she too may be gone?
But again, we ask you to mark that even churches continue not the same. Alas! there is only too much evidence that they too may fall to pieces and decay. Where are the churches whose faith and patience and love and zeal shine forth so brightly in the Acts and Epistles of the New Testament? Where is the church of Antioch and the church of Ephesus, the church of Philippi and the church of Berea, the church of Thessalonica and the church of Corinth—those holy communions which once brought such glory and praise to God, whose obedience was spoken of throughout the world, whose children were ready to shed their blood for the Gospel's sake? They are gone, they are dead, they are fallen; they kept not their first estate, they became high-minded and puffed up with self-conceit; they did not persevere in well-doing, they did not abound in the fruits of righteousness, and so the Lord who had grafted them in, did also cut them off like withered and useless branches. And if anything can be said to remain of them, it is but the wreck and remnant of what they once were.
Doubtless, beloved, there are promises belonging to Christ's Church generally—the gates of hell shall not prevail against it; the Lord will never leave Himself without a witness—but there is no assurance that the church of any particular place or nation shall abide unchanged, except she continues faithful. Take any church on earth, the most renowned for wisdom, the most famous for age, the most apostolic in her government; and we are bold to tell you if that church is unfaithful to the Bridegroom Christ Jesus, if she does not hold forth the light of the pure gospel, if she leaves her first love, if she allows false prophets to teach and seduce, if she becomes lukewarm, and says "I am rich and increased with goods," if she rests content with having a name to live while she is dead, and plumes herself on keeping hold of the truth while she does not witness to it—we are bold to tell you, however long God's mercy may spare her, her candlestick shall sooner or later be removed, for we know this fearful threat has been over and over again made good.
Yes! even we have reason to watch and to pray and to be humble and fear: the fine gold may become dim! No home is so strong, but it may be broken up; no church so well ordered, but through the sin and faithlessness of her members she may be overturned. The Lord Himself once gave the pattern of His temple—but when the Jews who kept it turned their own way and repented not, when they thought only of a form of godliness and despised the power, that very temple was delivered over to be destroyed, and of all its beautiful stones, not one was left upon another.
But we desire to bring this matter nearer home to yourselves. Have you not ever observed that men's circumstances are always changing—they are never long the same? Few indeed are those who have not learned this by bitter experience. Some begin life with every prospect of earthly prosperity, and before they have reached their prime their riches seem to have melted away, and are scattered like the leaves in autumn, and they find themselves stripped of their possessions! Others, who remain wealthy, are smitten with some sore disease, they have no power to enjoy the fortune God has given them, and often, when ready to cry in the evening "Would God it were morning," and in the morning "Would God it were evening!" Often when faint and weary and cast down with pain, often would they give all their riches for a little health—and think it cheaply purchased!
Others with bodily strength and store of worldly goods are bereaved of friends by death or separation. Their parents, the comforters of their sorrows, the companions of their joys—are one after the other taken from them; year after year their beloved ones, with whom they have taken sweet counsel, and who were as their own souls, are all cut down or removed, until at length they stand, like the last tree of the forest, all single and alone.
Remember, I say not but that this is good: well for us that we are constrained to drink the bitter cup of affliction; it is the rod by which many are brought home to Christ—none are in such fearful peril as those who have never known a cross. But judge whether it is not true, that our own life is full of changes; that man is a poor, frail, perishable creature, and never continues long in one condition. There is nothing about his earthly condition certain and fixed and immovable and sure. We never know, when we part from those that are dear to us, that we shall meet again: we know not what alterations time may work before we once more meet face to face, before hand grasps hand and we again take sweet counsel about our common faith and our hopes of heaven. We may part rejoicing and meet sorrowing; part with laughter and meet with tears; part with many around us and meet with few: strange if we part and meet the same!
Oh, changing, changing world! Miserable indeed are they who look upon it as an abiding habitation, who think themselves anything but strangers, who give to anything but heaven, the name of 'home'.
Look at men's minds. They are not always the same. The intellect of the prudent statesman, the talent of the eloquent orator—these are not armor against decay. The mind of man is a beautiful thing—when trained and educated and polished as it may be. But often we see that same mind become a mere wreck, the eye become dim and the natural force abated; the memory fails, the senses are deadened. We see all the weakness of childhood without its playfulness and light heart. This is a grief, and one more proof that we are not always the same.
Look at men's affections. They are not always the same. They may be warm and strong for a season—but then become cool. Often time, and absence, and the world, cause strangeness and coldness between spirit and spirit, bitter and painful to bear—but it must be borne. Business and new ties and new residence and new relations nip off old friendships. Our changing affections are one more proof that nothing remains always the same.
Onwards, onwards we are all moving: there is no standing still. The infant will soon be a boy, and the boy a man, and the man will find gray hairs upon him long before he expects, and the grave will be ready for him probably before he is ready for it! Men plant and build and labor and toil and plan and contrive—and often never see their schemes completed. For we never know what is before us—what tomorrow may bring forth; it may be, as the marriage service beautifully teaches, better or worse, richer or poorer, sickness or health.
We may find in our path towards Zion sweet flowers—but far more likely thistles and thorns; we may have some season of sunshine—but far more often darkness and clouds. But still, whatever happens, we are rolling onward towards the end, and this we may be sure of—we shall never be long without some change, we shall never find our state is long the same, tomorrow and yesterday may be widely different.
Once more. The holiest saints of God are not always the same. We have no fear that their names will ever be blotted from the Lamb's book of life—but we believe their hearts are often filled with shame and confusion because of their own shortcomings and unsteady walk with God. Show me one single servant of the Lord in Scripture who did not at some time err and stumble in his course, who did not by his inconsistency or sin give occasion to the Lord's enemies to blaspheme. Oh, the best of men have given melancholy proof that so long as we are in the body we are liable to change. We venture to assert there is not one in the white-robed company of the redeemed who would tell you he had always held on his way without wavering, always fought an equally good fight; not one but could remember that at his best there were days of spiritual sloth and drowsiness, days of unholy and unchristlike tempers, days of vanity and self-conceit, days of self-indulgence and conformity to this world, days of coldness and lack of love—and each the cause of pain and sorrow and self-abasement.
Away with the idea of a sinless perfection on earth! We are bound to aim at it, we are sworn to strive after it; that man is no true Christian who sits down lazily and thinks to be saved without striking a blow, who does not wish to be holy as God is holy, and perfect as God is perfect—but still we are confident the dearest children of God do never lay claim to any personal sinlessness and perfection; their hearts' confession is, "Lord, we are exceedingly unprofitable servants, in many things we offend daily," and their hearts' prayer, "Jesus, Master, bear with our sins and pardon our iniquities."
No, beloved, there is nothing unchangeable and the same here below. Kingdoms, churches, human conditions, holy Christians, all are alike in this respect—they are liable to alter, they are never long the same. There is but one account of everything we see around us: it is all fleeting, perishing, passing away. The sun—which has shone on so many births and lighted so many graves—shall one day be darkened. The solid hills, which have looked down on generation after generation and been trampled on by one short-lived owner after another, shall melt away. The glorious heaven above us shall pass away like a scroll. All speak with one voice, "We shall soon be changed, we shall not always be the same."
And where, beloved, are we to look for comfort and rest to our souls? We want a sure and lasting foundation; we want a hope in which there is no variableness nor shadow of turning. And mark it down—this cannot be on earth—they who search for it here will search in vain—a sure hope for the soul is not to be found in the land of the living. "The depth says, It is not in me: and the sea says, It is not with me. It cannot be gotten for gold, neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof. . . ." But "God understands the way thereof, and He knows the place" where peace may be found, and in the text He sets it openly before our eyes: "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, and today, and forever." Now, of this sameness we desire to speak fully and freely, and to show you the comfortable things which it contains.
We would remind you, then, that Jesus has ever been the same in His office, person and nature. In these latter days He has graciously made plain to our eyes the way of salvation, by coming upon earth to teach, to suffer and to die. He has proved Himself the Son of God with power by rising again from the dead. But still we would not have you forget He was always the same—yesterday as well as today.
Before the mountains were brought forth—or the earth and world were formed, from everlasting Jesus Christ was, like the Father, very God. From the beginning He was foreordained to be the Savior of sinners. He was always the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world, without whose blood there could be no remission. The same Jesus, to whom alone we may look for salvation, that same Jesus was the only hope of Abel and Enoch and Noah and Abraham and all the patriarchs; what we are privileged to see distinctly they doubtless saw indistinctly—but the Savior both we and they rest upon is one. It was Christ Jesus who was foretold in all the prophets, and foreshadowed and represented in all the law—the daily sacrifice of the lamb, the cities of refuge, the brazen serpent, all these were so many emblems to Israel of that Redeemer who was yet to come, and without whom no man could be saved. There never was but one road to heaven: Jesus Christ was the way, the truth and the life yesterday as well as today.
But we must pass on to another point of even greater interest than this. We remind you that the CHARACTER of Jesus Christ is always the same—in this too He is unchangeable. What He was in the New Testament days He continues now, and will be even to the end. Consider now, I pray you, what a mine of comfort and consolation lies in that single thought.
Always the same in love towards men's souls. It was love towards a fallen world which made Him lay aside for a season His glorious majesty and honor, and take upon Him the form of a servant upon earth; it was love that constrained Him to endure the cross and despise the shame, and lay down His life for us the ungrateful and the ungodly; it was love that moved Him to shed tears over bloody-minded, unbelieving Jerusalem, because she would not know the things belonging to her peace; and it is just the same love which He feels towards sinners now—He never changes.
Again, Jesus is always the same in His power to save. It was He who cast forth seven devils from Mary Magdalen and raised her up to newness of life. It was He who poured comfort on that weeping penitent sinner in the Pharisee's house, and pronounced those blessed words, "Your sins are forgiven you, go in peace." It was He who entered the house of Zacchaeus, chief of the tax collectors, and declared that salvation was come unto him, that he was a true son of Abraham. It was He who gave that blessed assurance to the dying thief who prayed to be remembered, "This day you shall be with me in Paradise." It was He who met the persecuting Saul on his way to Damascus, and cast him down to the ground with all his pride, and put in him a new heart, and sent him forth to preach the faith he had once destroyed. And, O brethren beloved, who then, need despair? Christ Jesus is still just the same—able to save to the uttermost all those that come to God by him.
But again: Jesus Christ is always the same in His willingness to receive the penitent. We never read of any who sought Him in sincerity and sought Him in vain, who came poor in spirit and were sent away empty. Oh, no! far otherwise; there is everything to encourage, to invite, to lead us on. Who was it that used those comforting words, "Come unto Me all you who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." "Him that comes unto me I will never cast out." "The Son of man came to seek and to save that which was lost." "Everyone who sees the Son and believes on Him may have everlasting life." Who was it but Jesus Christ—ever the same! He will not go back from one jot or tittle of His words, and what He has spoken He will still make good. "Heaven and earth," He says, "shall pass away—but my word shall not pass away."
Once more "Jesus Christ is always the same in His power to preserve. He will not begin the work of grace and leave it uncompleted; for it is His own word, "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me, and I give unto them eternal life, and no man shall ever pluck them out of my hand." It was He who raised the apostles after they had shame fully forsaken Him and fled; it was He who turned the heart of even Peter back again, though he had denied Him before His face. And what He did then, beloved, He will do now also, for every believer; it shall never be said that any trusted in Jesus and were confounded, for the Author and Finisher of our faith never changes.
Always the same! It is this which gives such value to the Gospels in which our Lord's history is told. We are not reading there the life and sayings of one fickle and changeable like ourselves—but the life and sayings of a Redeemer who is now what He was then. We tell you confidently that all that love and gentleness and compassion and long-suffering and tenderheartedness which you may there see in your Lord and Savior's character, are placed before you that you may understand the character of Him from whom alone we receive forgiveness and to whom alone your prayer must be made, and we say this because we know He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Always the same! It is this which makes the gospel so excellent and precious. We do not bid you depend on anything less than the tried corner-stone, the fountain whose water shall never fail—the city of refuge whose walls shall never be broken down—the sure Rock of Ages. Churches may decay and perish; riches may make themselves wings and fly away—but he who builds his happiness on Christ crucified and union with Him by faith, that man is standing on a foundation which shall never be moved, and will know something of true peace.
There are men and women in the world who rest all upon their personal amendment—or upon an unwearied round of services and regular attendance upon holy ordinances; and they imagine their spiritual disease is healed and all is peace. But we believe it is the peace of those who never found out their enemy, the cure of those who have never really felt their hearts' ailments.
Oh no! we believe when a man is once aroused to see the extent of his soul's danger, when he has felt the burden of his sins indeed grievous and intolerable, when he has found out his debt and his own inability to pay—we are confident that man will never get peace until he has sought the Lord Jesus Christ, until he has taken for a Friend and Advocate Him that is the same yesterday, and today, and forever. That man will not be put off with the ornaments and trappings of the Church which is the bride, he will never rest content until he has laid hold of the Lord Jesus, the Bridegroom, and has become one with Christ and Christ with him.
One word in CONCLUSION. Are there not some among you who in one sense have always been the same—thoughtless, careless about your eternal interests, always lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, always more anxious about the life that now is than the life which is to come, always disposed to give your best things to the world, and the leavings of your time and talent to God? We warn you plainly there must be a change, a deep foundation-searching change, a change of heart. We call on you to remember the words of Him who never goes back from what He says: "Except you repent, you shall all likewise perish." "Except you be converted, and become as little children, you shall never enter into the kingdom of heaven."
Oh! but it does not need a prophet's eye to see changes and trials before you all! The breaking up of family circles, the separation from those you love best, the loss of health, friends, earthly possessions: who knows but they may be very near? and alas for those among you who have got no sure resting-place for your weary souls, who are building your happiness on the frail and perishable things of earth, for when you look for solid consolations you shall find none! O man, the time is flying, death and judgment are at hand; and what will you do if you have to seek your spiritual comforts at the eleventh hour? Of all your riches you can carry nothing away: naked you came into the world, and naked you must return; of all your dear friends, who now weep when you weep and rejoice when you rejoice, not one can go with you beyond the tomb; they may sit beside you in your last hours, they may watch your spirit's flight, they may follow your body to its long home with measured pace and slow—but there earthly friendship must stop—it can go no farther than the brink of your narrow bed—they will turn away each to his own duties, and you shall be left alone.
O man, be wise in time; learn to lay up treasures in heaven, think first of a house not made with hands, look to that precious Friend who never fails: away with your cold and sleeping shadow of religion; cease to be a Christian in name and form only, become a man of God in deed and in truth; come to your eternal Father as a little child, with confession and prayer; take all your sins to the Savior who died upon the cross; let nothing satisfy you until you are a living member of Jesus Christ, one with Christ and Christ with you. In Him I can warrant you a hope that never changes—a title to happiness that shall never be overthrown.
But are there any among you who have tasted of this blessed change—who have put off the old man which is corrupt, and put on the new man which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness—who mourn over your own daily shortcomings, and sigh after more holiness, more self-denial, more mortification of the flesh with all its lusts? We bid you take comfort, and remember that Christ is still the same: He called you and gave you the witness of the Spirit, and He will not forsake you. You may waver and tremble: go forward in faith, and He will still support you. There is but one more change before you—the changing of this vile body that it may be made a spiritual body, the putting off the corruptible to put on the incorruptible, the giving up what is mortal to receive what is immortal, the laying aside the earthly tabernacle, the entering on a heavenly one. Watch, then, and pray, and He who gave you the first change shall give you the second also; and then you shall go out no more—no more weariness, no more weakness, no more fainting! You shall see your Savior as He is and love Him as you ought, and like Him at last be unchanged and the same for evermore!
The new TrueWireless Stereo products are completely wireless, with the two earbuds connecting to each other over Bluetooth, versus other wireless earbuds that a...
A teacher killed in the school shooting in Florida who had ties to Wayne County was laid to rest in Florida on Sunday. Loved ones spoke through tears at Be...
All Alexandria Twp. Califon Boro Clinton Twp. Delaware Twp. Franklin Twp. High Bridge Boro Holland Twp. Lebanon Twp. Raritan Twp. Readington Twp. Tewksbury Twp.
All Boonton Twp. Chatham Twp. Chester Boro Chester Twp. Florham Park Boro Harding Twp. Madison Boro Mendham Boro Mendham Twp. Morris Twp. Morristown Town Mount Olive Twp. Randolph Twp. Washington Twp.
All Bedminster Twp. Bernards Twp. Bernardsville Boro Branchburg Twp. Bridgewater Twp. Far Hills Boro Hillsborough Twp. Peapack Gladstone Boro South Bound Brook Boro Warren Twp. Watchung Boro
Main Street, within the heart of the village, is filled with unique retail shops, farm-to-table restaurants and an art deco movie theatre, The Crandell.
Avoid the weekend traffic and relax on Metro North's Hudson Line. Chatham is only two and a half hours from midtown Manhattan.
Rolling farmland with views of the Catskills, nestled in the Hudson Valley between the Berkshires and the Hudson River.
The best of small town living with a widely diverse population of artists, farmers, and NYC escapees.
A pioneer in the natural foods movement, Barbara’s was founded in 1971 by a 17-year old girl who was passionate about creating great-tasting food from simple, wholesome ingredients. At Barbara’s, we believe that life is delicious – and is worth taking a bite out of every day! Learn More >
Barbara’s has a wide variety of delicious recipes for you and your little Puffin! Filter for what suits you most; gluten free, vegan, snack, or even great for kids! Check them out here >
Join our community to learn more about Wild Rewards, watch our puffin cam, or even play a few games everyone can enjoy! Learn More >
Our Commitment to you doesn’t stop at our 100% recycled paperboard cereal cartons or our work with Project Puffin. Barbara’s is committed to working with the non-GMO project and providing you with gluten free and vegan options. Learn More >
Made with a blend of corn, oats and brown rice with just a touch of sweetness. The result is a delicious bowlful of gluten free cereal that fits into your healthy food plan.
Twenty-five years ago, Barbara’s pioneered organic versions of traditional American cereals. Simple and pure, our classics have stood the test of time for generations. Honest, delicious nutrition the whole family will love!
Manufactured in a facility that also processes wheat, milk, hazelnuts and almonds. Verified to contain less than 20 ppm gluten.
Download e-book for kindle: Leadership for Environmental Sustainability (Routledge by Benjamin W. Redekop
Because the first booklet within the box of management reports to procedure sustainability as a multi-faceted management problem, management for Environmental Sustainability can help to set the phrases of the dialogue in this subject between scholars, students, and practitioners of management for future years.
Dyson Logos is a giver. His blog is full of maps that beg to be used. Dyson does this for free which is why he's a champ. I figured I would show my appreciation and bought his book Dyson’s Delves. I ran the micro dungeon from this book last month at Good Games. Playing at Good Games meant we only had 3 hours. It was another frantic paced AD&D fest.
Mallaga the half-orc assassin and Leif the halfling warrior, fresh from raiding the Caves of Chaos, recruited Sprite Zero the gnome illusionist and Aide Powers a human cleric of the dark and terrible god of carbonated beverages. They set off for the Unnamed Caves.
Mallaga pointed out that most of their hirelings die. The gnome made the point that he and the cleric weren’t like most hirelings and should instead be treated as equal partners. Mallaga promised to try not to treat them like fodder.
Arriving at the Unnamed Caves the players promptly gave the location a mundane name so that henceforth they would be known as something like Bunnings.
The caves lay beneath a ruined tower. The surrounding woods were searched and a midden heap picked through. Goblin, ferret and rat droppings provided a clue to the foes that lay ahead.
The first level was full of goblins dressed in ratskins. The gnome snuck ahead and was spotted by guards. He was lucky not to have been hit with a spear and killed in the first few rolls of the game. Scouting with a lowly mage is a rash move and one that Sprite would repeat.
Goblins were killed, tricked with creative accents and overcome. The hobgoblin leader was blinded by a timely light spell. He was later coerced into helping the group telling them what lay ahead.
The blinded hobgoblin boss lent the band his remaining forces which unbeknownst to him amounted to no more than two goblins and a giant ferret. Together they would assault the Beetle tribe in the level below.
Their rat tribe allies perished in an early skirmish and the momentarily masterless giant ferret was then adopted by Sprite the gnome.
The group sought the Beetle Tribes leaders and slaughtered them in the dungeon corridors. During the battle their adopted ferret battled the Beetle tribes own ferret in a duel to the death. Fortune favoured the party and their ferret prevailed.
Leif and Mallaga were puzzled by the ease with which they dealt with their foe and sought greater danger and reward in the lower levels.
On the way down they encountered a grizzled goblin survivalist who tried to set them on fire with burning oil. The party butchered him and gleefully took his oil.
While exploring a lower crypt level the groups ferret raced ahead chasing rats. They were then set-upon by ghouls that burst from alcoves. Once dispatched party robbed some tombs and set off a trap or two.
Heading ever deeper they dismantled an obvious gas trap before battling a manticore and its mate. The first manticore went down under a hail of flaming oil flasks <sigh>. The second beast put up more of a fight. Leif, normally a sturdy fellow, had been seriously mauled and was close to dying. I think the group has finally run out of burning oil!
Low on everything including time the party headed out. Before doing so they went back to retrieve the blind hobgoblin and proceeded to prod him ahead to set off traps which he duly did. A blade trap severed his arms and he rapidly bled out. The group then placed his head (still glowing from the light spell) on a 10’ pole and used it to light their way. His severed arms were thrown ahead into rooms to see if a) they attracted monsters or b) set of traps. Even in death the hobgoblin leader found ways to be useful.
On the way out the gnome spotted some unsafe ceilings to avoid. The group also ran into some zombies. The black hearted priest seized control of the undead through his turning attempt. His mindless slaves were pushed ahead and were promptly crushed by falling rocks before they got to do anything interesting.
We managed to cram all of the above plus character creation in 3 hours. To keep things quick I write which monsters are in which room directly on the map. That way you can tell who is where and have them join in any battles at a glance. I heartily recommend Dyson’s Delve, it gives you just enough information to wing a memorable dungeon expedition and the maps are gold!
haunted house to color house coloring pages house with double garage in houses coloring page house coloring pages printable house coloring colorado haunted house reviews 2015.
ACG’s extensive domain expertise in the Mortgage industry can help deliver integrated IT solutions in Loan Origination processes and Loan Servicing processes including:
With the current downturn in the financial industry, the mortgage industry is facing the biggest headwinds in history. This has left mortgage institutions under extreme pressure to cut operational and IT costs at a time when they are under increasing regulatory scrutiny. This has made the industry to consolidate and merge at an increasing pace. ACG can help reduce the total cost of ownership and help meet rigorous regulatory and risk management standards. ACG can help your organization become more agile and be quickly able to integrate processes, applications, and data between the newly merged entities.
I am a writer and director in Toronto. I teach screenwriting at Humber College in Toronto and often moonlight as an editor.
1997 - NSAIDs, smoking, and alcohol were risk factors for gastrointestinal perforation | 1997 Sep-Oct : Volume 127, Number 2, Page 47 | ACP Journal Club Archives
• Companion Abstract and Commentary: NSAIDS but not aspirin or acetominophen reduced the risk for Alzheimer disease
To determine whether aspirin and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are associated with gastrointestinal (GI) perforation.
76 consecutive patients (mean age 61 y, 66% men) who were hospitalized with GI perforation (60 upper and 16 lower perforations). Patients were excluded if the primary abdominal disease was an inflammatory process followed by perforation. Control patients were matched for age, sex, and neighborhood; 76 were hospitalized (no peptic ulcers, GI bleeding, or painful musculoskeletal disease), and 76 were from the community.
Participants were interviewed to determine age, sex, living environment (rural or urban), presence of arthritic disease, prevalence of smoking, alcohol and coffee use, and use of aspirin and other NSAIDs (dose and brand names). Aspirin use was confirmed by laboratory testing (platelet cyclooxygenase activity), and Helicobacter pylori status was determined by an ELISA kit.
Acute GI perforation (total and upper and lower perforations). Perforation was based on clinical symptoms and physical findings and was confirmed by surgery.
Total (upper and lower) GI perforation was associated with aspirin use alone (odds ratio [OR] 3.7, 95% CI 2.0 to 6.5); nonaspirin NSAID use (OR 6.7, CI 3.1 to 14.5); diclofenac use (OR 4.5, CI 1.5 to 13.5); coffee consumption (OR 2.3, CI 1.3 to 4.3); peptic ulcer history (OR 3.3, CI 1.7 to 6.2); smoking (OR 3.9, CI 2.2 to 7.0); and a combination of NSAID use, smoking, and alcohol consumption (OR 10.7, CI 3.8 to 30). Upper GI perforation was associated with NSAID use (OR 6.3, CI 3.3 to 12.2); coffee consumption (OR 2.2, CI 1.1 to 4.1); ulcer history (OR 4.1, CI 2.1 to 8.0); smoking (OR 3.7, CI 2.0 to 6.9); and a combination of NSAID use, smoking, and alcohol consumption (OR 12.6, CI 4.4 to 36). Lower GI perforation was associated with current use of NSAIDs (OR 8.1, CI 2.5 to 27). Multivariate analysis showed that independent risk factors for GI perforation were NSAID use, smoking, alcohol consumption, and a history of arthritis.
Independent risk factors for GI perforation were nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use, smoking, alcohol consumption, and a history of arthritis.
Aspirin has been used since 1982 to prevent heart disease and even before that to treat rheumatic disorders and other aches and pains. With new evidence that NSAIDs might also protect against the development of Alzheimer disease, the use of anti-inflammatory drugs could increase. In addition to benefits, aspirin and other NSAIDs have associated risks. These 2 studies from very different journals and areas of medicine once again open the debate on the need for balance between the risks and benefits of NSAID use.
The hypothesis that NSAIDs might protect against Alzheimer disease arose from observations that the neuritic plaques, a cardinal feature of the disease, contain proteins that are characteristic of an inflammatory process. Thus, anti-inflammatory drugs might influence the disease process. In support of this theory, observational studies have found reduced NSAID use in patients with Alzheimer disease.
By design, these observational studies were not able to exclude the obvious explanation for apparently reduced NSAID use (underreporting of drug use by patients with Alzheimer disease) or the less likely possibility of selection bias. Patients with Alzheimer disease who are still alive may have been healthier at disease onset (i.e., not NSAID users) than those patients who have already died of the disease.
Both these biases were avoided in the cohort study by Stewart and colleagues because data on drug use were collected prospectively over a 16-year period. The diagnosis of Alzheimer disease was based on a standardized neuropsychological assessment applied to all participants in the cohort. However, the authors did not collect details of the dose of aspirin and precise duration of use of NSAIDs. Nevertheless, they did categorize use as < 2 years and ≥ 2 years and showed a lower risk for Alzheimer disease with longer use of nonaspirin NSAIDs. In contrast, aspirin use showed only a weak inverse association with the development of Alzheimer disease. This association may be because of the lower dose used for heart disease prophylaxis in the 1980s. The anti-inflammatory dose of aspirin tends to be higher than that used for heart disease or stroke prophylaxis. Another possibility is that aspirin was taken on an over-the-counter basis and therefore used only occasionally, whereas other NSAIDs tend to be prescribed more often and are therefore used more regularly. The association with acetaminophen is consistent with its lack of anti-inflammatory effects.
Most of what is known about GI risks of NSAID use comes from studies of patients with bleeding peptic ulcers. The study by Lanas and colleagues confirms that use of aspirin and other NSAIDs increases the risk for both upper and lower GI perforation, with the increase in risk being similar to that for upper GI bleeding.
An unusual feature of the study by Lanas and colleagues was testing for aspirin use with thromboxane B2. They detected unreported aspirin use in 21% of patients compared with 12% of community controls and 5% of hospital controls. We do not know the amount taken and whether some of the excess use might have been to relieve pain from the GI perforation. Nevertheless, it is reassuring that the use of aspirin < 500 mg/d was not associated with perforation.
GI perforation is much less frequent than GI bleeding, and this study is not large enough to detect whether risks differ with particular nonaspirin NSAIDs. Overall, the level of aspirin use by patients (47%) was high compared with the 22% use by participants who were community controls. 60% of this use was nonprescribed. Thus, attempts to decrease ulcer complications must address both prescription and nonprescription use.
Lower GI perforation is even less frequent than upper perforation (only 16 patients in this study) and was predominantly perforated colonic diverticula. Nevertheless, an association with NSAID use was as strong for lower perforation as for upper perforation, which suggests systemic rather than local effects of NSAIDs. The findings add to previous evidence that shows associations with ileal and colonic ulceration, bleeding and perforated diverticular disease, and exacerbations of inflammatory bowel disease. In all these situations, physicians need to be aware of the possible contribution of aspirin and other NSAIDs.
Sea Greens was developed using Low Income Housing Tax Credits and operated according to the Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs and the Internal Revenue Service. The property utilized the Low Income Housing Tax Credit Federal housing program to make rent affordable to lower income tenants until 30 year period expired.
Section 207/223(f) insures mortgage loans to facilitate the purchase or refinancing of existing multifamily rental housing. These projects may have been financed originally with conventional or FHA insured mortgages. HUD requires completion of critical repairs before endorsement of the mortgage and permits the completion of non-critical repairs after the endorsement for mortgage insurance. Sea Greens has successfully completed a refinance using this program.
Renters are required to pay the full rent. However, in most cases, the properties are happy to accept Project Based Section 8 vouchers if qualified. Otherwise, to qualify for tenancy under the Low Income Housing Tax Credit rules, a person or family must make no more than 60% of the Area Median Income.
Sea Greens Apartment Homes is located on the corner of South Street and San Antonio Street in Port Lavaca, Texas. The complex is an enclosed property with 110 individual apartment homes. The property is located at the edge of our down town district. Sea Greens Apartment Homes is only a 4 minute drive to the coastal Bayfront and water. Local employers range from 9 industrial plants to private businesses. The local schools consist of 2 elementary, 1 Junior High, and the Calhoun High School, home of the Fighting Sandcrabs. Our Lady of the Gulf is a K-12th private school. Our total population for Port Lavaca is 12,248.
The following hardball (and softball too) questions took three-plus weeks (and in some cases 6 plus years) for the FAA to answer as they had to ask around the various compartments, nooks and crannies of the Caerbannog. As is usually the case in the fluid world of the drone, more questions pile up as stories break and products rain from the sky. Attached so neatly at the end are some follow-up questions that were asked or became relevant while waiting for these answers.
Just so folks don’t believe I am beating my head against the wall, we are making some headway with the level playing field effort!
Here are our answers to the remaining unanswered questions. Please attribute anything you use to the FAA or an FAA spokesperson.
This information is available through the FOIA process. You have previously submitted a FOIA requesting this information and the FAA responded. If you need further clarification to the information provided, please submit your specific request through the FOIA process. We will be happy to assist as needed.
All Agency budgets are posted on line ( https://www.faa.gov/about/budget/ ). Also, the FAA’s Authorizing Committees in Congress have full visibility on the Agency’s budgets and appropriations.
Q3. Progress reports would help the stakeholders and public understand the value of the UASIO, why not share?
We agree. We routinely report on progress on our integration efforts via updates on our website. In addition, we are actively engaged in social media and routinely share our integration efforts and accomplishments directly with the public. Also, the FAA hosts an annual UAS Symposium where senior FAA and DOT executives engage directly with UAS stakeholders on current, near-term, and long-term integration activities and goals.
The FOIA process applies specifically to the Executive Branch. However, individuals, as well as media outlets, are welcome to engage their elected representatives at any time.
Mr. Elwell’s speeches are handled by a team of employees under the supervision of the FAA’s Office of Communications.
ASTM is an International Standards Developing Organization. They operate independently from the FAA, and are not funded by the FAA. This question is probably best addressed by them (ASTM).
Q9. Does the FAA Global harmonization effort include Mr. Kenul (paid ASTM consultant) going to Europe to discuss ASTM standards with the European regulators and stakeholders?
Q10. Is it true that the LAANC data is taxpayer funded data that is being repackaged in apps (by 3rd parties developers) and sold back to end-users for access to the NAS?
Through the FAA UAS Data Exchange, the government and private industry share airspace data. Under the FAA UAS Data Exchange umbrella, the agency supports the Low Altitude Authorization and Notification Capability (LAANC). This Data Exchange is managed by the FAA. A number of companies have entered into agreement with the FAA to provide LAANC services to end users.
I also asked about the Balloon Fiesta Fiasco and am waiting back to hear about enforcement action taken on the 40 unique ID’s and if the DJI is going to share the end-user information they don’t collect with the FAA enforcement branch. As well as the video in this link wanting to know if the same VO deputizing procedure works for everyone. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ifxs9iGour8
So often, we (authors and entrepreneurs) get caught up in the adrenaline rush of having instant success. The initial splash we make during our launch feels like everything. 12 Jul 2018 Dedicated Feature $60.94 Replay Currencies Mergers and Acquisitions "As a result of Amazon’s holiday increasing in popularity, numerous retailers offered deals on their own sites to combat Amazon, turning mid-July into a mini holiday shopping season. People love to comparison shop, with many turning to Amazon’s competitors to compare deals and prices. Prime Day has turned into a huge opportunity for all online retailers,” said Taylor Schreiner, director of Adobe Digital Insights. 4 of 25 Courtesy of Amazon If you have a large inventory of unlisted products that you want to sell on Amazon.com, then you might want to use an Inventory File Template instead of creating new product listings manually. If you sell on Amazon.ca, then you can use the Inventory File Template for selling in Canada. That’s what I had in mind from the start. The goal for the cover was to INSTANTLY communicate those qualities, while revealing that the book was for anxious workaholics. Food Home Smart Living Career Pets Ultimate Hosting Guide Paris Sunday CAREERS Dining Room Decor Releases and Statements In fashion, Amazon started out in 2016 with brands like the women’s contemporary line Lark & Ro and the kids clothing label Scout & Ro. But more recently, it has added denim brands like Hale and a sweater collection called Cable Stitch.
an order reaches a certain status: Whether you were caught off-guard by a generous co-worker or simply forgot to pick up something special for your mother-in-law (it happens to the best of us), we pulled together the best Amazon Prime gifts you can buy at the very last minute for the globetrotter on your list. Investing Stocks Slideshow Retail Technology Financial Planning Consumer Staples E-Commerce Consumer Personal Finance We’ll be updating this page as often as the deals allow, so make sure to come back ever week to avoid missing anything. You can also follow us on Twitter, if you want to keep up with the best savings the internet has to offer in real time. EDITIONS Paxful Inc. has no relation to MoneyGram, Western Union, Payoneer, Paxum, Paypal, Amazon, OkPay, Payza, Walmart, Reloadit, Perfect Money, WebMoney, Google Wallet, BlueBird, Serve, Square Cash, NetSpend, Chase QuickPay, Skrill, Vanilla, MyVanilla, OneVanilla, Neteller, Venmo, Apple, ChimpChange or any other payment method. We make no claims about being supported by or supporting these services. Their respective wordmarks and trademarks belong to them alone. Skip to primary sidebar Columbia Sportswear Gift Card Business Statistics | Fun Gadgets 8. A sheet of twinkle lights for glowy patio decor Walgreens Amazon Upgrade Terms and Conditions 15 Blogging Tips To Supercharge Your Next Blog Post Terms of Service , Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy . Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2pqfYWO Amazon says it will stop selling white supremacist and Nazi-themed products Just separate the terms with a space. Another thing to note is you don’t need to duplicate keywords in your listing. Once a term is typed in the title, bullets, description or backend search terms, you don’t need to repeat it anywhere else. To buy: amazon.com, $120 Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association, 6th Edition Thank you for catching this! We updated it 🙂 T+L Travel Guide App 34 used today Business Deals James Boutique Hotels Please create your account again. Share Does the title provoke an impulse purchase? (“Oooh, I want to read that right now.”) PaySon 1 Digital Products Jump up ^ Amazon Webstore Resource - Solution Provider Network Archived 2015-03-07 at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved 25 February 2016. SUBJECT: For [name]: Message from Charlie Hoehn, author of Play It Away: A Workaholic's Cure for Anxiety Get Radha Beauty Aromatherapy Top 8 Essential Oils for $14 Headquarters: News & Politics This Month’s Recipes Christopher Carfi TERMS OF USE Copyright/IP Claims Notice When they roll their eyes, The best-selling home, health and personal care products in the U.S. this holiday season include Fitbit Charge 2, the 23andMe DNA Test, the AncestryDNA: Genetic Testing – DNA Ancestry Test Kit and Radha Beauty Aromatherapy Top 8 Essential Oils. Security Cameras Sign Up for Our Newsletters Amazon Fire Tablet — A tablet designed and developed by Amazon. Motto First Published: September 26, 2016; Last Updated: Wednesday, March 14, 2018. You might also want to check out all the mobile apps by Amazon — for iOS and for Android. :) 4.7 out of 5 stars 46 Where do RNs earn the most? Average hourly, annual wage for all 50 states amazon popular gift | hot selling items on ebay amazon popular gift | amazon products list amazon popular gift | most popular products on amazon
Made by and for smart, opinionated women. Cebuana Lhuiller Pawn Shops 1 I wanted to try the socks, so I ordered the promo that included the pair. They are fun, fit well and look like they will last a long time. As for the Gift card, everything in my life comes from Amazon, so what is not to love? The Amazon Seller's Solution Provider Directory Evan Trello for kanban (cards) style project management Copyright ® 2018 Cheapism Best AV Receivers Design & Customization Easily manage all of your research in one place with an ultra-organized dashboard packed with all the information you need to find money-making products. VIPON DEAL Shopping Best-seller in: Beauty and Personal Care Kristen It seems many around the country are excited to dig into Comey’s details about Trump in the book that have emerged over the last week, including revelations that Comey compares Trump to a “mafia boss” and referred to his presidency as a “forest fire.” As of April 13, Comey’s A Higher Loyalty was ranked number one on Amazon’s book bestseller list. Comey’s book is already at number 11 on Amazon’s bestsellers of 2018 — Michael Wolff’s Fire and Fury, another Trump presidency-focused book, is currently at number one. Amazon.com Gift Cards never expire and carry no fees. Over 101 Hand-picked Web 2.0 Sites To Get Instant Backlinks To Your Blog New Features & News (29) Linda Nicki Children's Announcements Designed with extremely lightweight and durable nylon, this sleek backpack folds down into a sandwich-sized pouch. Bonus: it's also water-resistant. Take Control of your Tabs There are, however, some pros and cons that apply across the board. In this post, we’ll explore those pros and cons, so you can make the decision of whether or not to sell on marketplaces well-informed of the upsides and the downsides. What items on Amazon are the most profitable to sell? Rasheed February 19, 2014 at 8:11 pm Time Inc. Careers More we ask that you re-confirm your identity. February 17, 2014 at 2:10 pm How Sellers Can Get Ahead Do you think I was born with connections? Do you think I paid for those relationships? 112 Physician Leaders to Know | 2017 Stolen plane in Seattle crash prompts airport security concerns Amazon Sandals for Women -- The Amazon Cloud Cam was the best-selling security camera deal in Amazon Financial Advisor Center Imagine, if you will, the follow scenario: You decide to give a child an ice cream cone topped with three scoops of their favorite flavor, whipped Media Players Get the Fujifilm Instax Mini 9 for $58 Higher lead time and safety stock for A-List products (top 20%). Planning goals and keeping focus 10. SWAGA Silicone Wedding Band You can take a product from the list of 10k top products, and look it up on Amazon. On the product page, you will see who is selling the product. Refer A Friend So how, again, is Amazon's Choice actually chosen? Amazon Gift Cards India Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2LrcOjv MESSAGES Browse the selection » 2003 by Monica Chin Aug 7, 2018, 5:08 AM Exploding Kittens is definitely a departure from the same old card games. You'll encounter everything from taco cats to cats that barf rainbows, all while trying to avoid those pesky exploding felines that will boot you from the game.
Man Spends 40 Years Planting a Tree on Barren Island Every Day, Now It’s a Giant Forest The Complete List Win Amazon net sales in 2016: Spring Vacations What was helpful? What to have in mind when looking for profitable products Get the news If you have multiple identical units of the same product, use the quantity field. Do not create multiple listings for the same product. So when Amazon puts an item on one of its best-selling lists (which are updated hourly, by the way), you know the product: A) really works and B) is worth the money. Education Resources Jump up ^ Greene, Jay (November 2, 2015). "Amazon opening its first real bookstore — at U-Village". The Seattle Times. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. Retrieved December 14, 2015. CAN YOU SHOP ON PRIME DAY IF YOU AREN’T A PRIME MEMBER? Once you identify the tasks that are essential to your success, write a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for everything in your business. Sounds daunting, right? Three common nutrient deficiencies that amplify anxiety (page 114) A Man Called Ove: A Novel 2 star	Like this story? Like CNBC Make It on Facebook! conversion is much Debasish of Noida, Other “I sell stuff I don’t want anymore around the house or products I get that look new at garage sales/estate sales. I find the best products that sell on Amazon are rare or unique books or other items that there are not tons of copies of. The best price point is to go a little lower than the lowest price. If you have good traffic the minute you drop the price you get customers wanting to purchase. Niche products definitely sell better and also you can gain more profit on them.” Home Decor We've reached a technological precipice where we no longer have to tie shoelaces and no longer have to hear the dreaded rip of velcro to avoid that task. ML Over 201 Google Products & Services You Probably Don’t Know Monthly estimates based on real data from live Amazon listings. Crossposted byu/Jennyttst — your friend Helen (@hels) June 8, 2018 Top OTC medicine brands sold to Amazon #21 COLLECTIONS Advertising (1) Shopify is everything you need to sell anywhere Follow us on Pinterest. Industry Preview // 4.9 out of 5 stars 249 u/kitehkiteh Does the title express what type of reader will benefit from reading the book? Want 50% Off Amazon Prime? Privacy Legal Contact To link your Amazon listing to your Shopify product: Chairs Game George Orwell's '1984' leaps to top of Amazon bestseller list 19 of 63 Considering high-demand categories, even with some competition Qty: 4.1 out of 5 stars 2,220 Actionable Analytics 15 of 25 Courtesy of Amazon Keeping product costs under 35% of the selling price so the item is profitable even after shipping costs and Amazon seller fees Online transfers It’s Free! Press and Media Babies Here’s how to get the most out of your Amazon Prime subscription I think I am just wasting time writing this, but this must have happened to someone else. Something is definitely not right here. Roundtables What to Buy on Amazon This Summer In March 2006, Amazon launched an online storage service called Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). An unlimited number of data objects, from 1 byte to 5 terabytes in size, can be stored in S3 and distributed via HTTP or BitTorrent. The service charges monthly fees for data stored and transferred. In 2006, Amazon introduced Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS), a distributed queue messaging service, and product wikis (later folded into Amapedia) and discussion forums for certain products using guidelines that follow standard message board conventions. announcement Why Is This List So Valuable? Amazon Statistics The ability to power its ads with Amazon data and then use them to draw customers to their own website is one reason why Lamps Plus is excited for its upcoming campaign. Hsu said, “What Amazon is doing now is very similar to what we can do with Facebook or Google.” Last updated 11/23/17 Cannabis Investing 101 One very common question with clients is if they should use the brand name in the title or not. Whether you're training a new puppy or helping out an older dog that may be having trouble, these training pads have a built-in attractant, super-absorbent gel, and a leak-proof liner to keep floors clean and dry. We’re actually not going to include a template for this one. Gotta come from the heart sometimes 😉 "It's a very different world, and having Amazon jump in is not a good sign for existing brands, either branded or private label, because the way Amazon works is its ability to take on unprofitable ventures for a time to see how things go," said Matthew Oster, head of consumer health research at global market research firm Euromonitor International. Raggle Fraggle Shell Gift Card 0 Posted byu/caidei Keyword Tool Pro US 2.2K Shares Related: The 12 Best Hiking Shoes on Amazon Books | top selling products online Books | best buy amazon Books | best items to sell online
The stock has a market capitalization of $1,365.43, a PE ratio of 61.15, a P/E/G ratio of 2.95 and a beta of 1.01. Cowen & Co maintained the stock with "Buy" ra...
Speaking at Britain's Royal Institute of International Affairs in London, Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi criticized US President Donald Trump ove...
Warner has taken his game up a notch and should be rewarded with the captaincy. Kiwi veteran Ross Taylor - who helped New Zealand limp to their total with a...
Kim is also blacklisted by both the US and South Korea. While the White House knocked this sentiment down, officials did say that the reason Ivanka Trump is h...
The teens carried sleeping bags and pillows and hugged their parents as they departed, many wearing burgundy T-shirts in school colors. "There's kind of a num...
The 16-year-old Porteous laid down a second run scoring 94.8 to finish behind Americans David Wise and Alex Ferreira, who won gold and silver respectively. "I'd...
President Weah outlined the construction of roads, agriculture, healthcare, education and sports, coupled with the need for Liberia to fly its own airline under...
Bleach tells the tale of Ichigo's dead soul fighting journey as a Soul Reaper. This new short shows Ichigo living his day-to-day life as a moody high school ...
Ramaphosa correctly referred to how public servants have failed South Africans with "poor service or no service at all". The new rate is the first hike since ...
The Americans won the only Olympic gold in Nagano of Japan. Norway became the first nation to win multiple golds in the men's cross-country freestyle te...
More important recent Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in SBH. State of Alaska Department...
His two sons stood by either side, each with one hand on their father's shoulders for support. "I'm mere because my daughter has no voice ". Mark Barden, the...
I imagine Microsoft will use this as a test bed to see if the Fable franchise has anything else worth milking before moving on elsewhere and either keeping th...
Earlier, when Bihar was ruled by the RJD-JD (U)-Congress government, Lalu's son was allotted the Health Ministry following which he was given a government bunga...
The film is about bringing the social issue of electricity shortage to the notice of people and to encourage authorities to investigate the inaccuracies of the ...
Huawei have produced some great flagship phones in recent times and the upcoming P20 looks to be no different. The Plus variant will reportedly feature tripl...
There is no "Ray Andres" enrolled at Salem Schools. There will be an audio message delivered to parents this evening. It's unclear if any arrests have been ...
On February 15 the Australian senate voted in favour of a motion calling on Mr Joyce to resign, a message he has chosen to ignore. "It's like "I can't get you...
Smooth as silk, Edge allows users to browse across different devices, including your Windows 10 PC. The biggest changes with this version are 3D touch pop and...
It has been a long time since we last dressed up in Bangkok and, given we more or less live out of bags these days, it was trickier than it should be. As our clothes are now between Europe and Asia, and Bangkok and Isaan, and long story short, I managed to pull together an old suit, but my favourite Ted Baker brogues had gone aloof. They maybe in UK. So I resorted to having a cheap pair delivered for the night as we put on out fancy pants for a night out with Ricola on the top levels of the Speakeasy and Rooftop Bar at Hotel Muse. So we were invited to this influencer event along with other bloggers and influencers, I am guessing (I barely have time to blog myself), on what would be a very Swiss themed visit to Bangkok as we also had to renew the lease of our Sukhumvit condo to our well known Swiss DJ and Muay Thai tenant. And, while I don’t normally join these “social” events, I was won over by the words “cocktail attire”, which reads to me as “free cocktails”. And Fanfan was on board given she’s been obsessed with Switzerland ever since our stay in Interlaken last summer.
Anyway, two free cocktails later, and I had already broken-even on the shoes. And they were fantastic cocktails flavoured with Ricola sweet syrups and fresh herbs from the mountains of Switzerland, as Ricola do pride themselves on an authentic Swiss product and their renowned quality. The canapes were equally Swiss serving local cheeses, cold cuts, and snacks, but unfortunately raclette and fondue didn’t make the table, as they’re really not the best examples of finger food. Anyway, it was a enjoyable and jolly event, with lots of Swiss cliches like the bearded Swiss gentleman playing the massive alpine horn and accordion, or Schwyzerörgeli to give it’s Swiss name. Although they did draw the line at lederhosen and yodeling, but people did at least shout “Ricola” a lot in a yodel-esque manner. Oh and there was adancing Ricola box, obviously, as no party would be complete without one.
As expected the event centered around Ricola with lots of sweet samples and an introduction to their herbs that are all grown, without the use of pesticides or insecticides, on the Swiss mountainsides. As Ricola do pride themselves on authenticity and environmentally friendly products. So you are experiencing a little piece of Switzerland in every sweet, and Ricola are a bit like the Evian of the herbal sweet business. Of course there was more of a fun side to the event where game rooms were set-up in the grandeur rooms of the Muse’s Speakeasy rooftop bar and Fanfan went all in on the “stacking Ricola boxes” game where she piled the big boxes to dangerously high heights. Only to find that the winner was awarded on “boxes used”, rather than “how high you can pile them”. She still came in second however and won lots of Ricola presents to bring to the rice fields of Isaan, so they too can experience a little bit of Switzerland. Anyway, it was a great night with great scenery in the surrounding Langsuan area. And for more information on Ricola, visit thier Thai website or just buy a product in a 7-Eleven, Tesco or Family Mart.
Allan is an Asia obsessed travel blogger based in Bangkok and Isaan. Travels for food, a bit of booze, and thrives on being lost in alien cultures.
I was very much left behind, eating Pokédust, when Pokémon Go first launched in Thailand. At the time I was in the UK held...
Call us now and experience seamless and efficient work on your security systems. We are available 24/7!
A locksmith company which is established few years from now is devoted in providing services suited for people who are encountering problems with their lock/ key. Our company is available 24/7 to provide all of your locksmith needs, nights and weekends included! We are passionate in providing excellent services to our clients and to respond to emergency circumstances. We've got totally bonded locksmiths that are 100% capable of resolving any locksmith issue. They are totally committed to giving you their knowledge and skills. Whenever you have questions or need some assistance with our services, all you need to do is contact our customer support team.
We have variety of locksmith services for residential and business areas and to automobiles as well. You can be rest assured that our services are of high quality at fair costs. Absolutely free of extra charges for all services done at night, weekends and holidays. You can rest assured that the services you require will be worth the money you spend.
Well then, if you are desperately in need of a remarkable locksmith services, just dial this number. We are able to give you free estimates anytime.
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Thus, acquiring high security measures come extremely important. If you are in need of a locksmith company, choose a trustworthy one that provides excellent services and knowledgeable locksmith technicians.
In our reputable locksmith company, we strive to please you with our locksmith services. Our qualified and capable locksmith professionals will lead you in determining the best safety package you can have for your home and business. We also conduct regular training and seminars to help our professionals update their skills and knowledge. Our customer representatives are on phone all day just to respond to your questions.
Our services are available for residential, commercial, and car owners. When it comes to the service payment, we guarantee a reasonable price. We are also able to make some recommendations about what kind of security mechanism you need to have. Day or night, weekday or weekend, regular or holiday, we are ready to help you out when you're in a pinch. In dire need of a locksmith expert? Make a call to us and also get free quotations. It is our pleasure to assist you.
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. Burglary incidents should always be avoided by hiring...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades on your security to stop the...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. You must remember that it is better to have a...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be avoided when you've got strong...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is where the importance of...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. Burglary incidents should always be avoided...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. This is the leading reason why all people treat security systems as among their top...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. Thus,...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. You should hire a lock expert...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. This is where the importance of security locking...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will stress you the whole day better hire the...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. You need to bear in mind that...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. You need to...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. This is where we need to secure themselves and...read more
Among the most common crimes today are burglary and motor vehicle theft, this is why an immediate modification of your security system is required....read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is the main reason why we need to...read more
Theft, break-ins, or robberies can happen at any time when you least expect them, the best precaution that any property owner could do is by being...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night This is where we require ourselves to obtain security system for our...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. You should hire a...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. This is where we need to secure themselves and properties against thieves. The...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. You need to bear in mind that early prevention will help in...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. This is one reason why all types of...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. Thus, acquiring high security measures come extremely important. In case you...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. Sleepless nights will never occur to...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is the leading reason why all...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is where we'll need to well prepare by means of obtaining high security systems. It is always a...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. This is one reason why all types of security...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. Hiring the experts...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. This is where we need to secure themselves...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is where we'll need to well prepare by means of obtaining high security systems. When in search...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Therefore, we need to make sure that our...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be avoided when you've...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. You must...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. We need to assure...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. You need to bear in mind that early prevention...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. Therefore, we need to make sure that our locking...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. Burglary incidents should always...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. This is why the need for optimal security is highly needed for every home, business places and cars....read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal security. Counting on the...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. Burglary incidents should always be avoided by...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. Thus, acquiring high security...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. This is a obviously the main reason why we...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. We need to assure that our security mechanisms are of high quality. Looking for a...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will stress you the whole day better hire the experts today....read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. This is...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. This is where we require ourselves to...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. You should hire a lock expert to...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. This is a obviously the main reason why we need to...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is a obviously the main reason why we need to acquire...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. This is the leading reason why all people treat security systems as...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. This is where the...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. This is where we need to secure themselves...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. Thus, acquiring...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to avoid...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. This is why the need...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades on...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. This is where the importance of security locking...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. This is where we'll need to well prepare by means of obtaining high security...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. You must remember that it is better to have a locksmith ahead of...read more
If you are looking for the right locksmith company to provide the services you are in need of, you are at the right place. Our company is who you can...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. This is the leading...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will stress you the whole day...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. This is one reason why all types of security...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is where we'll need to well prepare by means of obtaining high...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to avoid...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. This is why the need for optimal security is highly...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. This is where we need to secure themselves and properties against thieves. Getting...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. This is a obviously...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. Hiring the...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. This is one reason why all types of security mechanism are becoming a necessity whether at home,...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. You need to bear in...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. Sleepless nights...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. You need to bear in mind that early prevention will help in eradicating the possible occurrence of...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. Burglary incidents should always be avoided by hiring the most trusted...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. Losing valuables and burglary...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you have your security...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is one reason why all types of security mechanism are becoming a necessity whether at home,...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. We need to assure that our...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. Hiring the experts is highly...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. Burglary incidents should always be avoided by hiring the most...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Burglary incidents should always be avoided...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. This is where we'll need to well prepare by...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal security. It...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. This is where we...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. This is one reason why all types of security mechanism are becoming a...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. This is why the need for optimal security is...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. Therefore, we need to make sure that our locking systems are of top quality. In case...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. This is one reason why all types of security mechanism are becoming a...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. This is where we require ourselves to obtain security system for our...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. Sleepless nights will never...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. This is a obviously the main reason why we need...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. Thus, acquiring high security measures come extremely important. When...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. This is where we'll...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is where we need to secure...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is the leading reason why all people treat security systems as among their top necessities. Are...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. You should hire a lock expert to do the...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. This is where the importance of security locking...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. You need to bear in mind that early prevention will...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. Therefore, we need to make sure that...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. This is why the need for optimal security is highly needed for every home, business places and cars. When...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you have your security assured so look for experts now. If you...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. This is a obviously the main...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. This is one reason why all types of security...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to avoid such kinds of burglary crimes. Looking for a great...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be avoided when you've got strong security. It will...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is where we'll need to well...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. We need to assure that our security mechanisms are of high quality. The best...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. This is where we require...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. Unsafe and unsecured cars and...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. This is one reason why all types of security mechanism...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. This is where the importance of security...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. This is why the need for optimal security is highly needed for every home,...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is the leading reason why all people treat security systems as among their top necessities. If...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. This is where the importance of security locking...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. Burglary incidents should always be avoided by hiring the most trusted...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is why the need for optimal...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. Sleepless nights will never occur...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. You must remember that it is better to have a locksmith ahead of encountering...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is the main reason why we...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. Therefore, we need...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades on...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. This is a obviously the main reason why we need to acquire ourselves the...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. This is why...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. You must remember that it is better to have a...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. We need to assure that our security mechanisms...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. We need to assure that our security...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal security. Getting some aid...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. This is the leading reason why all people treat security systems as among their top necessities. It is...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be avoided when you've got strong security. Make sure you...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. This is why the need for optimal security is highly needed for every home, business places and cars. In...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is why the need for optimal security is highly needed for...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is the leading reason why all people treat security systems as...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades on your security to...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is where we need to secure themselves and properties against...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be avoided when you've...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. This is where we require ourselves to obtain...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. We need to assure that our security...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night Therefore, we need to make sure that our locking systems are of top...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. You must remember that it is better to have a locksmith ahead of encountering those...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. This is why the need for optimal security is...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. This is the main...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is a obviously the main reason...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. This is where we need to secure themselves and...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. This is the leading reason why all people treat...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades on your security to stop the possibility of being the...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. Losing valuables...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. This is where we'll need to well prepare by means of obtaining high security...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night You must remember that it is better to have a locksmith ahead of...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. This is a obviously the main reason why we need to acquire ourselves the most trusted security mechanisms....read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is one reason why all types...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. We need to assure that our security mechanisms are of high quality. If by...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is the leading reason why all...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you have...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. This is where the importance of security...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. Losing valuables and...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal security. When looking for a...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. You need to bear in mind that early...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. This is where we'll need to...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. This is a obviously the main reason why we...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. Therefore, we need to make sure that our locking...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is where we'll need to well...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. You should hire a...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is where we require ourselves to obtain security system for...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you have your security assured so look...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. Therefore, we need to make sure that our locking...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. Therefore, we need to make sure that our locking...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. Thus, acquiring high security measures come extremely...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. Burglary incidents should always be avoided by hiring the most trusted locksmith experts. When...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. You must remember that it is better to have...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night Hiring the experts is highly recommended to avoid such kinds of...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. This is why the need for optimal security...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. This is the leading reason...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. This is why the need for optimal security is highly...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. Burglary incidents should always be avoided by hiring the most trusted locksmith experts. Are you...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is where we need to secure...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. You need to bear in mind that early...read more
It is extremely important to be always alert as burglary can happen anytime you less expected. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will stress you...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to avoid such kinds of burglary...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. This is one reason why all types of security...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. You need to bear in mind that early prevention will help in eradicating...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. This is where we'll...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. You must remember that it is better to have a...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you have your security assured so look for experts now....read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. We need to assure that our security...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. This is the main reason why we need to make sure...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. Losing...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. This is a obviously the main reason why we need to acquire ourselves the most...read more
We've got locksmith services designed to solve your lock, key and security problems. Our firms provide high end range of products and services which...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. This is where the...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. This is why the...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will stress you the whole day better hire the experts today. It is...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. This is where we require ourselves to obtain security system for our homes,...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. Unsafe and...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. You must remember that it is...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. We need to assure that our security mechanisms are of high quality. Looking for a great locksmith who can...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. We need to...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to avoid such kinds of burglary crimes. It...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. Unsafe and...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is where we require ourselves...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to...read more
Burglary can happen anytime and anywhere so nothing would beat being alert and ready ahead of time. This is where we'll need to well prepare by means...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. This is one reason why all types of security mechanism are becoming...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. This is the leading...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be avoided when you've got strong security. In case...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities can be avoided when you've got strong security. Getting...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. This is one...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. This is where we'll need to well prepare by means of obtaining high...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is the main reason why we need to make sure that we've got optimal security. It is always a...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. Therefore, we need to make sure that our locking systems are of top quality....read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. Hiring the experts is highly recommended to...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. This is where we require ourselves to...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. This is where we require ourselves to obtain...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night Thus, acquiring high security measures come extremely important. It is...read more
Whether you are a home, business, or car owner, it is always important to be alert and ready for any type of burglary or robbery. This is the main...read more
Burglary, theft of robbery can take place anytime. Thus, being alert is very crucial for you as a homeowner or a business owner. This is where we...read more
Robberies can occur almost anywhere at any time. This is a obviously the main reason why we need to acquire ourselves the most trusted security...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. You need to bear in mind that early...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will stress...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. This is the main reason why we need to make...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. Unsafe and unsecured cars and business will stress you the whole...read more
In different states of the country, crimes such as burglary and robbery can vary according to population. Losing valuables and burglary probabilities...read more
You, your house and car will be all away from possible burglary and car theft if you don't have full security. Hiring the experts is highly...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. You need to bear in mind that early prevention will...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. This is where the importance...read more
In case of break ins, you should have yourself always ready and alert. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you have your security assured so...read more
Your convenient is very important for us that is why we never sleep to provide you round the clock, all year round locksmith support. We can even...read more
Any type of burglary can be really unpredictable. It can even happen in the most unexpected time. Thus, acquiring high security measures come...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night Burglary incidents should always be avoided by hiring the most trusted...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. This is why the need for optimal security is highly needed for every home, business...read more
Criminal activities such as assaults or robberies typically happen at night especially when people are out on the town. Thus, acquiring high security...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is where the importance of...read more
Burglary and car theft are among the most common crime nowadays. You should hire a lock expert to do the upgrades on your security to stop the...read more
It is extremely crucial to prep yourself in any type of robbery or burglary. This is where we need to secure themselves and properties against...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. Thus, acquiring high security measures come extremely important. Are you looking for a great locksmith...read more
Security improvement is now in demand especially to houses, cars and business that doesn't have enough protection. This is a obviously the main...read more
Securing your cars, home and business place should always be the first thing on your list of priorities. Thus, acquiring high security measures come...read more
Your belongings need to be secured from intruders and robbers who may incur damages and loss to you. This is where we'll need to well prepare by...read more
Robbery can happen in the most unexpected time so you need to make sure that everything is secured and protected in your home or office. Therefore,...read more
Crimes such as robbery can happen anytime. You need to bear in mind that early prevention will help in eradicating the possible occurrence of such...read more
Burglary, robbery or thievery are types of crimes that can occur day or night This is where we need to secure themselves and properties against...read more
It is important to be ready all the time in case of possible break in or robbery. Sleepless nights will never occur to you if you have your security...read more
Like many other local residents, I recently received a letter from Lidl about the occupation of the former Good Companions site by travellers.
To their credit, at least Lidl were prepared to offer an apology for the inconvenience caused to residents and to communicate with people across quite a wide catchment area on what they are doing about it.
The letter outlined that they have placed concrete barriers across both vehicular entrances, which should make it harder for a re-occupation to occur. Having said that, the hoarding itself is not particularly sturdy (and blew down in parts in the recent winds), so the worry is that they may just by-pass the entrances and break through elsewhere.
I have responded to the gentleman who signed the letter, making this point, so hopefully they will consider it to be in their interests to double-check that they have left no other security weakness there to be exploited.
On a related matter, Lidl have appealed the council's refusal of planning permission, offering some minor re-alignment to the bus stop in mitigation of some of the planning committee's concerns. I have to say, nothing in their appeal convinces me that the council were wrong to refuse: the difficulties of gaining safe access in such a congested roadway appear insurmountable.
The dealine for submission of objections to the appeal is 14 March, and I will be joining many local residents in making the case for rejecting the appeal. Details can be found here.
Sadly the Sanderstead Residents’ Association noticeboard and notices around Sanderstead pond were vandalised last week. What some people probably don’t know is that the area is currently infested with rats. Poison has been put down to try to bring the numbers down but with the warm weather, water and current food supply from residents feeding the ducks the problem has become an environmental health problem.
The council as a matter of urgency put up metal signs at the pond and also laminated posters on the trees and bench to try to persuade residents to stop feeding the ducks whilst they deal with this worrying situation. Huge rats have been seen scurrying along the pathways and around the Gruffy and in the vegetation at the pond. This is only a temporary measure until the infestation is brought under control.
Weil's disease is a form of a bacterial infection also known as Leptospirosis that is carried by animals, most commonly in rats and cattle. It can be caught by humans through contact with rat or cattle urine, most commonly occurring through contaminated fresh water. Although human infection in the UK is minimal it is still worth taking some preventative measures to decrease the possibility of contracting it.
Lots of young and elderly people enjoy this pleasant beauty spot and as a matter of public safety these measures have had to be taken. I would hate for anyone to become seriously ill as a result of not taking action with the council.
To commemorate 100 years since the end of the First World War a new notice board and sign has been erected at Sanderstead Memorial Hall. Councillor Yvette Hopley & Cllr Lynne Hale unveiled the notice board on Friday, 19 October 2018
The origins of the Hall go back to just after the end of the First World War. A group of local residents set up a committee in order to raise funds and create a suitable memorial in honour of all the men and women of Sanderstead who died or served their country in the Great War. The hall is used by a number of groups in the Sanderstead Community.
I visited Sanderstead and Hamsey Green ponds today to talk to the Conservation Volunteers about improvements. At Sanderstead pond they are going to build a couple of new wooden benches so that resident can enjoy the view and have a little rest. It maybe possible to repair the nesting boxes or if necessary re-build them. This will be funded from the councillor budgets. I also took a look at the recent clearance of parrot weed from Hamey Green pond. This was undertaken by the Conservation Volunteers who have made some headway clearing the parrot weed and reeds and well as cutting back some of the dead branches. The pond does need de-silting and this is a major job which will be undertaken by the council. We are awaiting the contract to undertake this significant piece of work.
I attended the Sanderstead Ward Panel Meeting at Riddlesdown Collegiate. Ward promises were discussed and whilst maintaining a focus on residential and non-residential burglaries across the ward along with motor vehicle crime, including theft it was decided to focus on both our young peple in terms of developing youth engagement along with raising awareness about scams and frauds with our elderly and vulnerable residents. Residents can contact our SNT on 0208 721 2470 or email: ZD-SNTSanderstead@met.police.uk.
Cllr Lynne Hale and I presented the prizes for the Summer Reading Challenge at Sanderstead Library on Friday, 12 October. Pictured here are prize winners. The Library has a great children's section and is much used by those attending pre-school. It is a good stepping stone for our young people learning to read who eventually will have a more formal education at school.
Monday is the deadline for submitting comments on the council's plans for the 'evolution of the suburbs'. This document sets out in detail how the current council administration intend to intensify the suburbs like Sanderstead and make it even easier to demolish family housing and replace it with blocks of flats.
Don't get me wrong, I have no objection to the construction of flats ot allow younger residents t oget on to the housing ladder or rent somewhere reasonably affordble. But it is where and how you do it that matters.
Please accept this email as my submission on the consultation for the SPD2 document. I write in my capacity as a Sanderstead ward councillor and as the leader of the opposition.
I will start with general comments on the document and then pick out some clauses which give rise to concern for specific remarks.
This is a well put together document which is easy to understand to the lay person. There are a large number of proposals contained within it that give me great concern, as a councillor representing the suburbs, but I cannot fault the way the document has been put together. It should be used to add clarity and texture to the policies in the local plan , but in my opinion SPD2 is too subjective and raises more questions than it answers.
The local plan makes it clear that intensification is coming to all areas of Croydon, with the leafy suburbs being no exception. My concerns are not the fact of intensification, but the need to balance intensification with keeping the distinct character of our different neighbourhoods and retaining the quality of life which currently makes them pleasant places to live. I am concerned that this issue of ‘character’ is paid little attention in the draft SPD2.
Figures 1.3a, 1.3b and 1.3c detail the evolution of the different types of suburbs, but are very subjective and takes no account of the context or topography of individual streets.
Paragraph 2.2 sets out the overarching principles to provide the right mix of homes in the right location, improve or positively contribute to local character and minimise impact on neighbouring amenity. All of these are laudable aspirations, but how are they balanced against housing need and how will be the balance between them be adjudicated?
Paragraph 2.3 & 2.4 talks about optimising sites by building across boundaries. I have major concerns about this. There is a real danger that this policy will create mega blocks which dominate their neighbourhoods. How will this work with policies 2.11 and 2.15?
Paragraph 2.7 & 2.8 - 2.7 talks encouragingly about recognising that different places have a different character and a different type of built environment. But it is really hard to take from this any guidance about what is and is not acceptable in each place. The Character of the 16 places is shown followed by the three types of approaches to character – sympathetic and faithful, innovative and original, contemporary reinterpretation – but there is no guidance as to what is to be used where. This runs the risk of challenging the character of the places and allows for too loose an interpretation. Is this really a faithful interpretation of policy DM10?
2.11 pages 38 and 39 offer guidance on acceptable levels of visual intrusion which seem confusing, vague and highly subjective. In my view 2.11n and 2.11r are equally unacceptable.
Paragraph 2.17 refers to backland site and references part of policy DM10.4 e. For clarity it should also detail the rest of the policy around use of 50% of rear gardens.
Paragraph 2.30 I agree that it is important for parking areas to be landscaped rather than simply being areas of hardstanding. However I am concerned about 2.30.3 suggesting it is appropriate to have parking in the front and rear.
Chapter 3 details the four intensification areas in Brighton Road, Forestdale, Kenley & Shirley. In my view the locations and boundaries of these were arbitrary and in may cases illogical. Sadly only the Sanderstead one was entirely deleted, although it is clear that the Inspector also had concerns bout the evidence base to support these zones. However, whatever we may now think, the boundaries in most cases have been set by the Local Plan.
I have always felt that the Forestdale zone in particular is virtually impossible to deliver due to the fragmented nature of the land ownership.
The Friends of King’s Wood approached their local Councillors to ask for funding to improve sections of worn paths at the various entrances into the wood to make them more welcoming for local residents.
The Ward Councillor through their Community Budget agreed to fund the resurfacing works with a grant of £6,782.
The Friends commissioned the Downlands Partnership Project to deliver the project over 9 days in August 2018. The Downlands Partnership hired the necessary machinery, and thanks to Graham Woodcock the machines were stored at the King’s Wood cottages for the duration of the project.
120 tonnes of type 1 limestone material was laid and over 1500 metres of paths improved. 66 volunteers assisted over the 9 days, led by 3 experienced members of staff. The project was very popular with volunteers and the large number attending meant they had time to carry out additional works and cleared litter, removed vegetation to widen paths and removed unwanted holly and sycamore.
Lots of residents have been in touch to say that they repeatedly report problems with the new bins, including many missed collections, but that absolutely nothing changes. I saw a good example of that last week. On 27 July I asked them to review whether the new bins were suitable for properties like Woodview Close, off Cherry Tree Green.
The head of service wrote back to say he had asked his team to review it. On 26 SEPTEMBER the service wrote to say they were going to do it (the review) - that's two entire months' delay!
Now residents at the other end of the new ward, in Ridge Langley, have asked for a review, on the grounds that their properties are up many steps and there is nowhere to store the bins at ground level. They have tried to get the contact to do this direct, but have had no response to their pleas. I have told the service I am hoping for rather quicker response this time.....
In the meantime, residents who have used the new online reporting facility for missed collections tell me they report every missed collection but the service neither improves the following week nor do they get a remedial collection. They'd do as well to pin a message to the tail of a passing cat as use the new online system!
And people who try to use the 'phone often find they receive a cheery message about how great the new online service is, then get cut off.
And we repeatedly hear from residents that the crews are looking inside the new massive containers and seeing just a small amount of recyclables in the bottom, so they are picking up the bin and tipping the contents into their 'master' bins, in the way they used to do with the old crates. That's an industrial accident waiting to happen. When residents report it they get assured that Veolia does not do this - in spite of the evidence of hundreds of pairs of eyes that they do! I think I know which, out of the residents and the crews, are telling porkies.
As councillors we have a little more joy than residents in getting the service deficiencies sorted out, so please do continue to involve us where there are difficulties and we will do our best to get them sorted.
Last night I went before Planning Committee to support residents in Wisborough Road and Ewhurst Avenue in objecting to an expansion of the home. This used to be in Croham ward but came into Sanderstead in May.
The history here is that the home received permission to expand by building a bungalow in the grounds earlier this year, but now wants to add an additional bedroom to the extension.
Residents say that the previous application passed un-noticed because the notices informing nearby residents were either never sited or quickly taken down.
This is a case I can see both sides of: it is a care home for vulnerable adults (as opposed to the elderly), many of whom have apparently suffered serious injuries. This leads to more disturbance to neighbours than you might normally expect of a care home, as the clients face challenges and frustrations and this does lead to significant noise and other nuisances. Having said that, it is important that this vulnerable group receive the best standard of care and it is probably better if this is done by specialists.
In terms of planning law, the committee was in a difficult position in that whatever the rights and wrongs of the communication of the substantive application, this one is quite minor and there aren't really planning grounds to refuse it. It is always frustrating for residents when application gets bigger in little increments, in that nobody then considers the impact of the whole. The local planning authority has a duty to consider all applications received on the individual merits of the individual application, so it can't even impose a 'no more applications for a while' condition.
I was pleased that the home's manager offered to accept conditions that would require them to deal with a couple of issues which are currently irritating neighbours, including the location of a controversial terrace, some screening and increasing on-site parking. Sadly the council felt unable to include these as conditions, as they fall outside normally accepted conditions, but I hope that the home will make good on these anyway.
So the long and short of it is that permission was granted, but I have asked the home manager to work with me to try to bring some better harmony to relations with the neighbours and I hope to visit the home soon to start that.
Residents will have noticed a new sign at Sanderstead Pond. Sadly, this has had to be installed to prevent the feeding of the ducks whilst officers try to deal with the rat infestation. Any excess food is attracting and keeping the rats healthy. I hope that this is only a temporary measure until the habitation of rats is brought down to normal levels. In the meantime, please do admire the ducks but don't feed them.
Please do contact us with any issues or concerns you may have. We answer all our constituents' correspondence and value your comments. If you want your concern addressed by your local team, please follow the link above.
CruelNetwork.com - 30+ Exclusive Sites For Price Of One!!! - teen anal porn tube and son rape site porno rape rape and teen raped in virgin ass
The content inside all of them is frankly, mind blowing! It is exclusive and quality is top notch. For the price of a regular web site subscription you get an unlimited access to over 30 extreme porn sites and you are free to download and watch all the incest and forced sex movies you can handle!
Brutally Raped is a forced sex site that been around for quite some time now and during that time it was updated in regular basis which resulted in accumulation of absolutely insane amounts of high ...
Real men are not nice, they are not romantic and they sure don’t take crap from women! Welcome to the Domination TV and watch how real men treat women they way they are supposed to be treated. They don’t ...
Sometimes a boy wants to have sex with a girl and he goes to great lengths to do that. Boy spends money, buys flowers, and writes poems even, all in vain. His girl just won’t give up her pussy for whatever ...
What I love the most about Family Porn Movies is sheer perversion of the whole idea. I mean incest has got to be the most perverted thing out there and it sure is exciting to watch. Where else ...
How about getting an unlimited access to an amazing collection of forced sex porn videos? If you want it, you can have it at My Brutal Collection and boy this is more fun than half a gallon of red ants! ...
This is the forced sex site we’ve been waiting for a long time! Inside the Slava Film Extreme you will find something that you won’t be able to find anywhere else. Amazing forced sex videos directly from ...
Have you ever wondered what really goes on behind the closed doors of homes where perverted incest infested families live? Wonder no more because now you have Cruel Family, a site that shows you uncensored ...
Exploited Bitches has long been one of my favorite forced sex sites, since the day it was launched. The idea behind Exploited Bitches is quite brilliant and to tell you the truth pretty amazing. We all ...
Well, Forced Sex Scenes gives you exactly what you expect, all kinds of amazing forced sex videos non stop. When it was first conceived the goal was to bring its members an unsurpassed forced sex ...
Most Brutal Videos is the forced sex site you want to visit. It is a masterpiece really. Most Brutal Videos contains so much forced sex porn that hardly will ever need to look for it elsewhere. I’ve been a ...
Home made forced incest sex is valued high among violent perverts such as me and you and that’s exactly the reason why I want to tell you a little bit about this hot new forced incest sex site called ...
Cruel Movies is one forced sex site I like to visit the most, especially when I feel like watching fresh, never seen before footage of brutal forced sex of innocent teen girls and grown young women. ...
There are unlucky women out there who have been forced to sex more than once, but it’s that first time forced sex that counts and sticks in girl’s memory forever! First Forced Sex features shocking, ...
Incest porn sounds very appealing and indeed it is. Where else can you witness such widely banned form of sex? You won’t go peeping on your neighbors trying to find those who practice incest sex in ...
Incest on Video sure is a fun incest porn site that everybody loves. The secret is that incest porn videos inside the Incest on Video member’s area appear to be made by amateurs. ...
Welcome to the Sexual Violence a forced sex site that makes every dream come true, even the most perverted ones. Inside the Sexual Violence one may find sick and extremely perverted forced ...
Brutal Family in an incest forced sex site that shows you shocking footage of sexual abuse that is going on behind closed doors of your average suburban home. These things rarely get out that’s why ...
Cruel Planet is relatively fresh forced sex site. It’s been out for couple of years but don’t worry it does have a lot of content inside of it. It had a lot when it was first launched and it has great ...
Family Violation is a real hardcore, rough incest porn site that is full of great content. Inside the Family Violation you will find incest porn videos featuring members of one family breaking a taboo and ...
Hard Home Video is a pretty interesting concept for a forced sex site. The idea behind it is that acts of forced sex accidentally get captured on camera and then shared with you. It all is styled that way ...
Sometimes there are good mothers out there, ones who let you do whatever the fuck is it you want to. They give you money and never nag you for every little thing and then again there are moms that ...
Boy, I wish I had a mother like that, the one who loves her sons so very much she would actually let them lick and fuck her pussy! Oh yeah, there are moms like that out there and they have some lucky sons. ...
Below are the most recent 100 forced babes from our updates. We have over 1600 forced babes in total.
Rape sex porno tube links: Rape video | Sex video rape | Rape videos | Rape sex videos: | Rape sex porn
Incest Portal - You can see incest sex video here. | Rape porno - You can see rape porno video here. | Raped Moms | BDSM Rape | Rape Anal | Rape Asian | GangBang Rape | Country Rape | Defloration Rape | Femdom Rape | Rape Incest | Perfect Rape | extreme-rape | amazing-rape | crazy-rape | boundrape | facialrape | videofantasyrape | humiliationrape | gapingrape | screamingrape | rough-rape | punishedrape | tiedrape | brennenpto ducs | Friendly Sites |
River Countess Ship Tracker / Tracking Map Live | River Countess's Current Location / Position & Recent Track
Ships at times may be "Out Of Range". If the current position is not displayed below switch Mapping Options above.
Map Option B will show the last recorded position and track, but the data it displays is sometimes older than Map Option A.
To view a ship's last position older than one hour ago for Map Option A select: Map Option A: Last Recorded Position
Startseite :: Polos & T-Shirts :: T-Shirts :: Neueste Ikks T-Shirt Mit Blumendruck Mittelgrau - Männer
Food allergies are a fact of life. Millions of people are affected by various types. They react differently, with several degrees of severity. Since we spend quite a large chunk of our lives in the workplace, this should become a safe space for everyone no matter what their allergy might be. Having this condition should not be a basis for non-acceptance or dismissal. If you are a victim of unfair work practices, then contact employment law solicitors bristol specialists for help. Stay informed and implement management strategies to minimise risk.
There are thousands of food that could cause allergies. However, most of them are quite rare. Instead of trying to avoid everything, it would be better to focus our attention on the most common food types that cause allergic reactions. They include gluten, celery, eggs, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, milk, peanuts, soy beans, sesame seeds, nuts, and some kinds of preservatives. When ingested, these might trigger rashes, itchiness, and sneezing. Although it does not happen often, some people can have such a severe reaction that they experience facial swelling and breathing difficulties. This could be fatal.
Allergies can affect the productivity of individual workers or even cause them to be hospitalised. Everyone concerned should take the matter seriously and help in their prevention. Below are some management strategies that could be implemented in workplaces:
Each individual should look out for himself or herself. Those with allergies should take it upon themselves to tell their colleagues or their manager. This is not required by law but it can make a big difference in terms of comfort in the workplace. Adjustments could be made to make the office more friendly. When planning team events, for example, people might take this into consideration and avoid dangerous food in favour of safer alternatives.
Of course, it is not always possible to completely bad certain types of food in a workplace. It will still be up to the person to monitor his or her intake. Checking the label for the ingredients list is advised. There should be an exhaustive list of contents. Laws have made it easier to identify allergens by asking manufacturers to highlight them. As for cooked food brought in from the outside, just ask about the ingredients or keep to your own food.
It doesn't always take much to trigger an allergic reaction. Sometimes even a small amount of the unwanted substance is enough to make an individual exhibit symptoms. Knowing this, those with sensitivities should avoid using general plates, glasses, and utensils. Make sure to bring your own and stick to them. Store them in a separate place to prevent contamination. Don't let others use them for eating.
It is also important to review the policies within your workplace when it comes to allergies, accidents, and disabilities. Is there a system in place that ensures quick response for these situations? Will the management accommodate food requests for gatherings? Talk things out with the management if you have concerns.
View Day: Aug 06 | Aug 07 | Aug 08 | Aug 09 | Aug 10 | Aug 11 | Aug 12 | Aug 13 | Aug 14 | Aug 15 | Aug 16 | Aug 17 | Aug 18 | Aug 19
View Month: Jun 2017 | Jul 2017 | Aug 2017 | Sep 2017 | Oct 2017 | Nov 2017 | Dec 2017 | Jan 2018 | Feb 2018
Middle East entrepreneurs, empowered by technology, are ready to take entrepreneurial challenges and improve their lives and society, by launching firms focused on bringing never-heard-of concepts to life. Over hundreds of start-ups make a beginning every year. However, do all of them have the ability and planning to survive or get past the 10 year mark? What is the learning’s from the ones who have been successful in doing so? It will become clear when we discuss the experience shared by some successful MENA entrepreneurs and experts.
Have a vision of what the market will be like in 5 years or 10 years. An entrepreneur needs to make others believe in their vision and thus, he needs to create that vision. Making a desire into reality is the job of an entrepreneur, not only to push himself to achieve greater heights, but also to make his followers believe in him.
Burn the Boats. The entrepreneur should not leave himself any option other than success. The aim should be to conquer or perish. While executing a project it becomes important to have a plan B; however, for the entrepreneurs, it is not advisable to have a plan B as all it does is hamper plan A. The key is to remain committed and dedicated to one line of action and doing away with all the disturbances. According to JC Butler of Dubizzle, a Dubai-based start-up that offers free classifieds on its web platform, “Rid your heart of ‘I will try my best’ until all that’s left is ‘I have decided’. If one has a deep belief in his vision, then failure is not an option.
Know your business inside out. You may or may not have university degrees but you need to understand your business in and out. It may require spending lot of time and significant investments in learning about your industry and the tricks of the trade. A few ways to understand the industry can be attending trade shows, hearing speakers and being ruthless in the quest of relevant information.
Think big (regional and global) and not small (domestic). The success stories of Middle East entrepreneurs suggest that they had a plan to expand to at least five countries. This has benefited entrepreneurs from the smaller countries such as Jordan and Lebanon who have achieved more success than entrepreneurs from Saudi Arabia. This suggests that not being over-dependent on the domestic market, however large it may be, is a key to success for MENA entrepreneurs.
View competition as an enabler. This is especially true if you plan to launch a venture in a niche market segment, as any competition will help grow the overall market, and will likely bring in more business for you than taking away. However, if the competitor is big firm that poses a real threat, then get flexible and nimble. In such cases, it always helps to have a great company culture, which becomes your brand and cannot be copied.
Focus on creating a structure. Business initiatives revolving around the intangible concepts need a structure to hold them together. The structure helps to add frameworks and tangibility to these ideas. For example, Pharmacy1 stores have same appearance and customer experience with things located in the same place in every store, irrespective of the size of the store. Hence, it is necessary to ensure a structure in all aspects of business, be it action plans, resources or roles. The structure also enables smooth transformations when required.
Have the right mix of talent and attitude in your team. It is important to pick people who can be groomed as future leaders. According to Tahir Shah, the founder of Pop-up Pakistani street food concept Moti Roti “People make things happen, you cannot learn and do everything. Hence, it becomes imperative to begin with a team with the right talent across right areas”. It is seconded by many other successful entrepreneurs like Amjad Aryan of Pharmacy1 and JC Butler of Dubizzle who believe in hiring people smarter than themselves.
Be observant, have an open mind and continue reinventing yourself. It has been observed that after initial success in the business, the mind tends to get complacent and keeps reveling in the success. Here again, competition play its role in making you realize your position and the potential of the market you operate in. So, continue to reinvent yourself to stay in the game.
Surround yourself with positive people, blocking your ears to the naysayers. That’s the advice from Amjad Aryan, a businessman who wanted to start a pharmacy business when he was a 23-year-old Palestinian immigrant cleaning carpets in Chicago. There, he had a chance to experience the efficiency, expertise and product selection at CVS Pharmacies.
While he was studying at the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy in Boston, Amjad Aryan got a chance to do an internship at CVS. He joined there as a manger and became a store manager later. In 1997, he bought his first pharmacy, Roberts Drugstore in Miami, a large self-service store with a supermarket and cash machines. He renamed it as Pharmacy 1 and expanded with four new branches.
He sought to bring this concept to the Middle East, where he found out that the pharmacies were small family-run business characterized by a laid-back attitude towards service and an old-fashioned view of the retail pharmacy. After he had identified the need for quality pharmaceutical healthcare and customer service in the region, he also believed in its success. Using his savings, Amjad opened the first Pharmacy 1 in Amman in 2001. It has now the largest pharmacy chain with over 110 branches in Jordan, Saudi Arabia and Iraq. This has created over 800 jobs and the chain is the largest recruiter of pharmacists in the region.
What has Amjad done? He had adapted an already successful business model, adopted some of its best practices and customized it based on the regional requirements.
One of the biggest challenges faced was acquiring talent in the region. In order to address this, he started a pharmacy university internship program with a three-month simulated pharmacy at colleges. He also hired people better skilled than him. All his seven VP’s were specialized in their fields. These executives focus on their work, while Amjad looks after the expansion projects.
All the Pahrmacy1 outlets have the same appearance and customer experience. In the first couple of years, Amjad standardized customer care, prevented prescription errors and speed up product replenishment, which brought consistency. Today, Pharmacy1 is known for convenience, professionalism, expertise staff (result of extensive employee training), and excellent customer service.
However, Amjad does not seek to build a successful company only; rather he seeks to build CVS of the MENA region. Amjad’s belief in the power of "I can" and in giving second chances; makes him give time back to society, make difference by empowering youth and change mindsets to promote the potential and ability of youth in Jordan.
Effects dependent Facilitation (RBF) deals an answer that individuals can follow of their day-by-day paintings. RBF has confirmed repeatedly to provide conversations and conferences that advised direct motion. there isn't any magic to getting unstuck from assembly paralysis - other than the sensible magic of utilizing learnable abilities to maneuver humans off sq. One and into the world of motion to accomplish effects.
Software administration (PgM) is quickly constructing because the crucial hyperlink among method and tasks and as a car for organizational swap. It deals the ability to control teams of tasks with a typical company goal in an built-in and powerful approach. the second one variation of Michel Thiry’s application administration builds at the bestselling name first released in 2010.
The newest formulations of high quality ingredients provide a smooth application. All shades may be blended for a natural outline or emphasized with a heavier application for a dramatic effect.
Anant Salon promises to provide you with 5-star service at every visit. See what our happy clients have to say about their experience with us.
"I'm in love with everything about Anant Salon! It's such a welcoming, fun, and relaxing environment."
"They did our entire bridal party on the day of our wedding. Both the ladies and the gentlemen had a great time being pampered and everyone looked like a million bucks!"
"The stylists at Anant Salon are simply the best. I've been a client for 10 years and will never go anywhere else."
You could then tune in and take a look at to relaxed them down. But even at the lowest sensitivity setting it absolutely was finding activated just via the audio on the cats Perform-combating with each other, so I turned it off.
The audio capabilities aren’t very as stellar given that the online video, nevertheless. The created-in speaker isn’t fantastic, but then your pet probably isn’t likely to brain too much Unless of course they’re secretly hosting album listening parties As you’re out.
Getting examined many classic Wi-Fi-related home security cameras over time, the Furbo is unquestionably on the list of nicer-seeking units I’ve found.
To toss a treat to your pet, only slide the take care of icon up from the app’s video feed. With regards to the sizing of your treats you pop into the hopper, the cannon may shoot two or three at any given time.
Setup is solely a issue of plugging inside the bundled AC adapter, which has a micro-USB link on one other stop.
Sorry, we just must make sure you're not a robotic. For best final results, remember to ensure your browser is accepting cookies.
The large-angle lens features up a pretty good check out of the room, delivered you’re smart with your placement. On the other hand, for the price of the Furbo, it might have been nice to obtain some kind of pan and tilt performance.
There’s also around 4x electronic zoom, which you employ via intuitive pinch to zoom read this from the video clip feed of the application. It works about in addition to you’d expect for digital zoom – specifically the nearer you zoom in, the worse the quality receives.
The arbitration will probably be done with the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Methods for Buyer-Connected Disputes. Payment of all submitting, administration and arbitrator expenses is going to be governed via the AAA's regulations. Petcube so you concur that any dispute resolution proceedings will probably be done only on a person foundation instead of in a class, consolidated or consultant motion.
Marketplace objects (products not sold by Walmart.com), and objects with freight rates aren't eligible for Transport
Petcube may well modify these conditions and terms Anytime at our discretion, and any change shall be noted on these terms and conditions. The conditions and terms found anonymous at utilize.
Regular home-monitoring cameras often contain this for The cash, but then lack a lot of the apparent other features present in this article.
Petcube Reward Cards may well only be redeemed toward the purchase of eligible products furnished by Petcube, Inc. (“Petcube”) and its affiliate marketers on , or its affiliated Internet websites. Petcube Gift Cards is probably not redeemed for the acquisition of any items or products and services of Petcube or in any other case, other than as indicated by these conditions and terms.
Most Animals don't remain in one place all day long. To normally know where by yours are, several Petcube Play cameras may be setup in a number of rooms and flooring.
As a true-earth instance, I can in fact determine which kitten is which from the distinctions within their coat as well as collars they’re carrying.
LOOK TEN YEARS YOUNGER! Dr. Oz consulted with the nation's top plastic surgeons to find alternatives to popular cosmetic surgical procedures. The #1 Secret To Drop A Decade From Your Face was
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more
camera appsecurity appplanning appstock apppodcast apptwitter apphunting apppool gamebattery appcleaning app
On February 26 2013 New Jersey Governor Chris Christie signed an online gambling bill passed both houses of the legislature, there converting it into law. The pathway was a long and tortuous one and this article outlines what can only be called The New Jersey Online Gambling Bill Saga.
The origin of this online gambling saga in New Jersey can be traced to January 2010 when Democrat Senator Ray Lesniak introduced a bill that would Atlantic City casinos to offer online versions of their games, such as poker, blackjack and baccarat, in New Jersey and outside the United States. In June 2010 the bill was passed the State Senate Wagering, Tourism & Historic Preservation Committee. Almost immediately differences began to be aired in the public domain. The Casino Association of New Jersey opposed state regulation of online gambling and wanted it at the federal level. The racetracks wanted to be allowed to offer slot machines at their venues. There were conflicting legislative bills in the state Senate and Assembly. Senator Lesniak stated that all sectors of the gambling industry were in trouble and were trying to gain advantage at the expense of others. However, he agreed to hold his bill till all issues had been discussed and some consensus obtained.
Thereafter the bill cleared the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee in November 2010. The bill was expected to be passed the full Senate the end of the year. Senator Lesniak pointed out that revenues and jobs were going to offshore international gaming operators. Legalized and regulated online gambling in New Jersey would divert those revenues and jobs to the state. In January 2011 the bill was also cleared the New Jersey Assembly. The bill was sent to Governor Christie for signature and New Jersey was set to become the first American jurisdiction to legalize online gambling. But in March 2011 Christie vetoed the bill. He praised the intent of the bill but said that there were lacunas in the bill. He said that locating the servers of the online gambling operators in Atlantic City casinos did not meet the New Jersey constitutional requirement that casino gambling has to be restricted to Atlantic City. He objected to the possibility of commercial establishments outside Atlantic City offering online gambling. Senator Lesniak responded stating that he would work with the Governor’s office to get online gambling running as soon as possible.
In August 2011 Senator Lesniak introduced another online gambling bill after addressing the concerns raised Governor Christie. The movement was much slower than expected. It was approved the required Senate and House committees only in April and May 2012 respectively. However, it was felt that at that time there was not enough support for the bill and hence voting in the Senate and House were deferred. The horse racing lob was still against legalization of online gambling in New Jersey and they wielded sufficient clout. There was also the problem of slightly different versions of the bills in the House and Senate and hence harmonization would be required.
Finally in December 2012 a harmonized version of the online gambling bill was passed through the New Jersey House and Senate. From December 2012 to February 2013 Governor Christie kept everyone guessing as to what he would do. Then early in February 2013 he sent the bill back with a conditional veto. He asked for the tax rate to be increased from 10% to 15% and that the bill should have a 10-year trial period. The conditional veto was appreciated the industry and saw a surge in the prices of the listed online gambling companies. The New Jersey legislators got to work immediately and the amended bill was passed in the Assembly and in the Senate on February 26. In less than an hour later Christie signed the bill into law. By this time Delaware had legalized intrastate online gambling and Nevada had legalized intrastate online poker. It could take another nine months or so before online gambling becomes a reality in New Jersey.
If you would like to join BPSG, which meets monthly in Solihull, then call Maureen on 0121-742-0230.
When a mother's love is all embracing; Jo Ind reports on a thriving support network for the parents of people who are lesbian and gay Irene Dudley, who has accepted completely the fact that her son is gay and now 'loves him even more' Picture, JEREMY PARDOE
Sorry it’s so late. I’ve had problems with WordPress today. (Don’t ask). The Boom Show, my latest short story to be published, is available free to download today, 31st October on Amazon. You can read it on your Kindle ebook reader, the Kindle app on mobile phone and tablet, and on the Kindle app on your computer. I will be offering it free to download again on another four dates (watch this space). The reason it’s free is that…
Just to say that I’ve published a new short story, The Boom Show. It’s available now, on Amazon, price 99p (in the UK). It’s my first science fiction short story. The British Fantasy Society originally published this in the January 2018 edition of their monthly magazine, Horizons. It’s currently only available on Kindle and Kindle Unlimited. I am aiming to make it available on other online bookstores early 2019. It’s about a senior citizen, George, who competes in a quiz…
The Smashwords web site is having its 2018 Summer/Winter Sale from 1 – 31 July. It’s called a Summer/Winter Sale because while it’s summer in the northern hemisphere, it’s winter in the summer hemisphere. Smashwords obviously likes to to make sure all their customers can benefit. My short story, “The Interview” is free instead of $0.99 (£0.75) and my novel, “Pride and Prejudice: The Other Way Round” is $1.00 (£0.76) instead of $2.00 (£1.52) for the duration of the sale.
As you may know, Nanowrimo stands for National Novel Writing Month and takes place every November. People attempt and often succeed in writing a 50,000 word novel during that month. As you may also know, Smashwords, the self-publishing site has a special programme to promote Nanowrimo novels and gives the opportunity to publish your draft Nanowrimo novel on its site during November. Don’t do it. Here’s Why You Shouldn’t Do It If You Want a Traditional Publisher. Because once your…
Yes, I won the Nanowrimo writing challenge (again) this year. But, ahem, not without a certain amount of what some might call cheating. Oh all right then, what nearly every would call cheating. I cheated. I admit I did have cheating as part of my back up plan but I was fully intending not to do it. I had a number of technical difficulties during Nanowrimo. I also didn’t make life easy for myself by going on holiday for ten…
Nanowrimo has rolled around again. And this year, I’m planning to try something new – the first of a series. It’s an urban fantasy about a young woman who is transformed into a dryad while holidaying in New England. I’m slightly nervous as I’ve never tried to write a series of novels before and all the technical stuff I’m reading about how to write a series is putting me off slightly but hey, it never hurts to try – right?…
You know when you’ve had a brilliant idea and think you’re really clever, only to find out that others have had it as well? It seems to happen quite often in Hollywood with ” twin movies” such as Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached or Antz and A Bug’s Life. Well, it happened to me recently. While browsing at Smashwords.com, I came across a couple of other authors who’ve done the same thing as me, retro-engineered a classic novel…
I was recently browsing through the books at http://www.smashwords.com and realised that many of the stories I was looking at didn’t allow the reader to download samples . Now, I can see why authors might feel like not doing that for a short story — the recommended 20% may seem rather a large amount or for a free story, hey — it’s free! But not to do it for novels that the reader is going to have to pay for, seems…
I’m just back from a week long Editing Fiction course run by the Arvon Foundation. I had the pleasure of spending my time in an old country house in the beautiful Devon countryside. I wish I could say the sun shone every day but it didn’t. There was no internet access or WiFi, which drove some of the other people on the course crazy but I found it refreshing to have no distractions from the outside world. I really enjoyed…
This demonstrates how fierce competition has become from the multitude of smaller independents actively encouraged by United Kingdom policy on switching supplie...
King David Cemetery. That is where I go to see my kid now", Pollack told those gathered in the State Dining Room, including families and students who experience...
The 45-minute service at the Canterbury Earthquake National Memorial Oi Manawa on the banks of the Avon River attracted a large crowd of several hundred. On thi...
Insanely huge boobs bounce and jiggle out of control during hardcore fucking. Watch big boobs porn videos for free!
Canelo has all the equipment a slugger could ask for, except for his lack of foot speed, which he’s going to need Saturday night…
I like both of these fighters and I’m glad to see this match finally happening. We all know the odds are with Canelo Alvarez due to youth, size and strength, which most often favor the winner. If forced to put down cash I would reluctantly go with Canelo.
That said, I still like Miguel Cotto’s chances. He may be late into his career, but Cotto is still among the best trained, most resourceful and experienced boxers active today. His résumé is a showcase of quality opposition. Even in his few losing nights, he fought to the end and left the ring a champion at heart.
His last two bouts may or may not have given us a measure of where is on the curve, so we won’t know until the fight itself. Alvarez is still very young and building his career. In losing only to Floyd Mayweather, Alvarez, like all of Mayweather’s post-Hatton opponents, essentially got paid to take a master class and suffered no more damage than a bruised ego.
Canelo has all the equipment a slugger could ask for, except for his lack of foot speed, which he’s going to need Saturday night. Cotto’s footwork has always been excellent. He is a smart, tactical puncher, who fights well in forward or reverse.
Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of Boxing.com is strictly prohibited.
Buxus sempervirens (common box) cubes make superb specimen topiary plants. Box topiary cubes can be grown in containers/planters or in the ground as specimens plants.
Each box cube can be repeatedly trimmed to the same size and shape, or can be allowed to grow to a larger size by trimming the new growth to within about an inch of the previous trimming point each year or two.
Box cubes can be grown in containers or in the ground. Plants in containers will need feeding, either with slow release fertilizer granules, ordinary granular fertilizer or liquid feed. Topiary cubes grown in the ground will grow well with less care than buxus topiary in containers or planters.
Box topiary should be trimmed around mid-summer, and tidied up in late summer/autumn, or as required.
Quench your thirst for the NBA in Gatorade Ultimate All-Star Slam SMS promo. Buy the official sports drink of the NBA and look for the code found on the cap or under the crown. Register by texting GATORADE REG name/address/gender/age to 2600 (Smart, Talk n Text, Sun Cellular, Globe or Touch Mobile subscriber), FREE of charge. Next, send in your entries by texting GATORADE [code] to 2600 again. Each code sent is charged P2.50 for Globe, TM, Smart, and Talk n Text and P2 for Sun. Be one of the lucky winners of an all-expense paid trips to watch NBA All-star 2013 or P5,000 worth of Toby's GC's. Don't forget to keep the Gatorade cap or crown with the code for verification purposes.
Buy any flavor of specially-marked Gatorade products and look for the code found on the cap or under the crown
One (1) registered cell phone number can send as many entries as possible provided that you text each unique code in a single SMS transaction once
All valid entries will automatically be included in the current weekly draw. Non-winning entries for each draw will be carried over to the next weekly draw
You can only win in once in a draw. In case your name is drawn twice, you will get the prize of higher value
Archives Dec ( 2 ) Nov ( 7 ) Oct ( 1 ) Sep ( 3 ) Aug ( 12 ) Jul ( 9 ) Jun ( 9 ) May ( 7 ) Apr ( 7 ) Mar ( 14 ) Feb ( 8 ) Jan ( 6 ) Dec ( 7 ) Nov ( 8 ) Oct ( 16 ) Sep ( 10 ) Aug ( 16 ) Jul ( 19 ) Jun ( 12 ) May ( 11 ) Apr ( 7 ) Mar ( 7 ) Feb ( 12 ) Jan ( 10 ) Dec ( 13 ) Nov ( 17 ) Oct ( 10 ) Sep ( 14 ) Aug ( 11 ) Jul ( 13 ) Jun ( 8 ) May ( 14 ) Apr ( 17 ) Mar ( 9 ) Feb ( 12 ) Jan ( 12 ) Dec ( 8 ) Nov ( 8 ) Oct ( 17 ) Sep ( 13 ) Aug ( 13 ) Jul ( 18 ) Jun ( 12 ) May ( 20 ) Apr ( 30 ) Mar ( 18 ) Feb ( 23 ) Jan ( 23 ) Dec ( 22 ) Nov ( 30 ) Oct ( 35 ) Sep ( 26 ) Aug ( 20 ) Jul ( 23 ) Jun ( 27 ) May ( 22 ) Apr ( 29 ) Mar ( 36 ) Feb ( 49 ) Jan ( 28 ) Dec ( 25 ) Nov ( 27 ) Oct ( 26 ) Sep ( 23 ) Aug ( 34 ) Jul ( 31 ) Jun ( 29 ) May ( 37 ) Apr ( 25 ) Mar ( 36 ) Feb ( 32 ) Jan ( 36 ) Dec ( 17 ) Nov ( 27 ) Oct ( 24 ) Sep ( 23 ) Aug ( 18 ) Jul ( 26 ) Jun ( 27 ) May ( 23 ) Apr ( 29 ) Mar ( 34 ) Feb ( 34 ) Jan ( 30 ) Dec ( 11 ) Nov ( 25 ) Oct ( 18 ) Sep ( 28 ) Aug ( 24 ) Jul ( 23 ) Jun ( 19 ) May ( 42 ) Apr ( 31 ) Mar ( 27 ) Feb ( 24 ) Jan ( 28 ) Dec ( 19 ) Nov ( 29 ) Oct ( 29 ) Sep ( 28 ) Aug ( 27 ) Jul ( 36 ) Jun ( 32 ) May ( 34 )
Boy Kuripot claims no credit for any images/videos featured on this site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyright to it’s respectful owners(links). Boy Kuripot is in no way responsible for or has control of the content of any external web site links. Information on this site may contain errors or inaccuracies; Boy Kuripot does not make warranty as to the correctness or reliability of the site’s content. If you own rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on this site, please contact Boy Kuripot via e-mail and they will be promptly removed.
Are you waiting for the Boy Kuripot Credit Card promos app for Android? Well wait no longer because it's already in the Google Play app store. The app currently supports the same features as those in the iOS version. You can browse through all credit card promos that are published on Boy-Kuripot.com and save it for offline/cache reading. This way, you can choose which card to use before you buy and which promos are about to expire so you don't waste your charge slips. We've also included the ability to take note how many remaining charge slips you have per promotion. Just click on the paper icon and click add to note down how many charge slips you have. After you have redeemed or used those slips, just click redeemed. Download the Boy Kuripot Android app now for FREE!
A light silk charmeuse tank top. Eco printed with wild staghorn sumac berries. a broad scoop neck and a raw salvaged edge hemline add style to this basic tank.A rich purple with navy to magenta berry prints. It fits an 6 to a 12. (the short one is shown in photos)
Is blockchain the savior of the music industry? According to some, the advantages of using blockchain technology are endless. The technology could allow for an unprecedented level of transparent accounting and 'smart contract' fulfillment. On streaming music services, for example, artists and producers could enjoy total accountability, with splits pre-determined and instantly paid.
Cryptocurrencies are setting the world ablaze. These are the top five points of entry for their global takeover.
在列支敦士登Cryptoassets Exchange（LCX），Binance首席执行官赵昌鹏告诉TechCrunch创始人Michael Arrington，90％的交易所员工在BNB领取薪水。 “@cz_binance本周在LCX活动中告诉我的一件有趣的事情是：90％的员工选择在BNB代币中领取薪水。聪明人，“阿灵顿在推特上说。 At the Liechtenstein Cryptoassets Exchange (LCX), Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao told TechCrunch founder Michael Arrington that 90 percent of the exchange’s employees receive their salaries in BNB. “Just one of the interesting things @cz_binance told me this week at LCX event: 90% of binance employees choose to receive their salary in BNB tokens. Smart people,” Arrington said on Twitter.
After his departure from the board at Coinbase, David Marcus commented to BI via a Facebook representative on the move,
David Marcus leaving the Coinbase board may herald the beginning of a bigger Facebook presence in the online payments space.
Just like in Reddit, users can post messages, and then upvote and downvote them. But this message board is different – instead of clicks, you have to send small amount of Bitcoin for each upvote or downvote. One Satoshi (a Satoshi is 0.00000001 BTC), one upvote (or downvote). What results is really a great demonstration of the decentralized nature of the blockchain – but also feels strangely metaphoric to the state of cryptocurrencies in general. It is totally devoid of censorship, runs completely on libertarian ideals, and the more Bitcoin you have – the more your vote counts.
ThunderMessage is a decentralized take on Reddit powered by the new Lightning Network - where votes are funded by Bitcoin.
Major U.S. crypto exchange and wallet provider Coinbase has announced that its digital assets custodian solution for institutional investors is now launched, in an official blog post July 2. Coinbase first revealed its plans for its ‘Coinbase Custody’ venture in late 2017, saying at the time that it was seeking to address what it considers to be the “number one” concern of institutional investors, namely, security.
Major U.S. crypto exchange and wallet provider Coinbase has today launched its digital assets custodian solution for institutional investors.
Cure WorldCosplay is an international community with more than 720,000 members in 180 countries. Available in 12 languages, the company says it offers a platform for talented cosplayers, photographers and prop makers to showcase their work. More than 6.5 million images have been shared on its service to date, and in excess of 430,000 people follow the platform’s official social media accounts. In its white paper, Cure WorldCosplay explains that cosplayers have different goals for the future. While some aspire to become professional or gain more fans, others simply want a place where they can share their work with like-minded individuals. The company believes that satisfying all of these motivations can be an uphill struggle at times, with “challenges and roadblocks” often making it difficult for dreams to be fully realized.
An established cosplay platform with 720,000 members is undergoing a blockchain revamp to help the industry develop a sustainable economy.
Crowdfunding market has been disrupting the finance industry where people from across the world can participate in the early stages of startups that were previously served only for ultra-wealthy. Initial Coin Offerings (ICO), Token Sales, have become the next step for crowdfunding campaigns. Previously Initial Coin Offerings were meant only for issuing a new blockchain platform like Ethereum, Monero, Litecoin.
The cryptocurrency exchange called Octaex has disappeared. The last public announcement through their Telegram group and Twitter feed was posted on 31st of May at which time their total daily volume was over $10million according to Coinmarketcap.com
“The Bitfinex exchange was the target of a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack this morning,” Kasper Rasmussen, head of marketing, said in an e-mailed statement. “The exchange was offline for an hour following the DDoS attack; however, the exchange is back online now. The attack only impacted trading operations, and user accounts and their associated funds/account balances were not at risk at any point during the attack.”
Bitfinex, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges, said it has resumed normal operations after suffering a so-called denial-of-service attack earlier.
The exchange might even help move the market. Since so many alt coins could only be purchased by way of bitcoin, the value of bitcoin and many other digital currencies were closely correlated. The value of those crypto units may now begin to decouple from bitcoin, Shihara said, as more investors transact in dollars. Currently, nearly 200 different digital coins can be traded on Bittrex. The CEO said that a "small, select number of launch partners" are working with the exchange to pay in dollars. "In this phase, we're stress-testing our system," he said. "We're working with the banks very closely to ensure that they can process the FIAT deposits and withdrawals. Also, the engine itself that we use to trade, is going to be able to properly handle the load."
GBX, which is a subsidiary of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (GSX), plans to become one of the first licensed and regulated digital asset exchanges operated by an EU regulated stock exchange. This is possible thanks to a decision by the Gibraltar Parliament from December last year. The legislature voted unanimously to pass a bill to amend the Financial Services Act in order to regulate the crypto sector. The mechanism aimed at protecting customers of cryptocurrency businesses in Gibraltar went into effect on January 1 this year. The regulation targeted crypto and blockchain companies by introducing a licensing regime implemented by the Financial Services Commission of the British overseas territory. The providers of distributed ledger technology services are now obliged to adhere to the regulatory requirements of the Financial Services Act.
A new crypto trading platform providing services to institutional investors has made a soft launch in Europe. The Gibraltar Blockchain Exchange (GBX) has introduced 300 retail account holders and a select number of institutional participants to its platform.
After all, part of the appeal of cryptocurrencies is the idea of a decentralized internet — a platform where no single party controls the data. In that case, why do centralized platforms control the exchange of crypto assets? This is often referred to as a "dogfooding" problem, or not practicing what you preach. There are several operating DEXs matching and executing orders via smart contracts. The Waves DEX, for example, is currently handling about $6 million of daily trading volume. Others are still in the development or testing phases. The chart below tracks fundraising by some of the players in the space, including companies like 0x, which is building a protocol for DEXs:
With regulatory uncertainty looming over the industry, incumbents should not feel too comfortable at the top.
Today, Compound is announcing some ridiculously powerful allies for that quest. It’s just become the first-ever investment by crypto exchange juggernaut Coinbase’s new venture fund. It’s part of an $8.2 million seed round led by top-tier VC Andreessen Horowitz, crypto hedge fund Polychain Capital and Bain Capital Ventures — the startup arm of the big investment bank.
Compound wants to let you borrow cryptocurrency, or lend it and earn an interest rate. Most cryptocurrency is shoved in a wallet or metaphorically hidden under a mattress, failing to generate interest the way traditionally banked assets do. But Compound wants to create liquid money markets for cryp…
It can often be said that there is never a dull day in the world of Crypto. This week (May 14-16) is the yearly Consensus conference, which usually yields excitement in one form or the next, whether directly associated with the conference itself or not.
Gemini Exchange Announces Additions: Litecoin, Zcash, and Bitcoin Cash - @cointribune - www.Cryptonicles.com
Decentralized exchanges could unlock the potential of blockchains, but they face pragmatic issues today in gaining the marketshare of alternatives.
"I believe that digital currencies will continue to persist it's just a matter of how long it will take for that space to mature," Friedman said. "Once you look at it and say, 'do we want to provide a regulated market for this?' Certainly Nasdaq would consider it."
Once the space matures, Nasdaq would consider becoming a digital currency exchange, according to the company's CEO.
Bijoux de sacs .Bijoux de foulards Boucles d'oreilles Bracelet Coffrets sur étude Collier Pendentifs Parures
We had all pretty much assumed after Donald Trump openly admitted on an open mic to the inappropriate sexual conduct he'd been accused off for years(and for which his trial is still ongoing), that he'd mostly lose this election. It was a bit silly that that was the thing that was gonna do him in, after his incredibly poor displays on just about every issue a President should face.
And instead he won. He won despite running like he wanted to lose. Despite offending pretty much everyone on every side of the aisle, and saying things that would have gotten other politicians to lose many many times, he won.
I would not be surprised if every single person who voted for Donald Trump did harbor racist, Islamophobic, and so and so feelings and that that was the reason they voted for him. But that's not even why I'm shocked. I'm shocked that none of you lot who voted for him realized how impractical, if not outright impossible, the fake ideas Donald Trump used to sell his campaign are.
A giant concrete wall would be incredibly expensive for something coyotes would merely tunnel under. Rounding up and deporting Muslims would also be something that is incredibly expensive, with very little actual payoff in security terms.
I kind of get it that some of you liked him because he wasn't a normal politician. Because he was different, more so than because he seemed imbibed with the very spirit of douchbaggery itself. But different isn't always good. You know what would be real different? Sticking a flaming pine cone up my anus while headbutting a porcupine. It would probably make history as the first time anyone's ever done that, but that doesn't mean it wouldn't be a painful, terrible idea with huge consequences.
You see, I thought you would see through this obvious bullshit even through your racism and hate. I kinda had what you'd call "faith". I had faith on you too see what it is for what it is. I had faith on America, you could say. Ha!
Because even if Donald Trump's terrible ideas are just that, ideas that won't come to fruition, then what else is there? He's gonna be naming judges, heads of agencies and members of the Fiscal Control Board. He's gonna be signing or rejecting bills from other, more capable people. Mr Celebrity Apprentice will be representing your country now, and we don't even know what his stances are because he's made more flip flops than a Taiwanese sweatshop worker.
I mean, how could you ever believe that the golden throne having businessman who started off by inheriting money from his father was going to be the one standing up to big interests in Washington? Like, you really thought that? You really think a corrupt businessman ran for President because he wanted to put a stop to corrupt businessmen? This isn't just putting a fox to guard a hen-house, you're actively sticking your chickens inside a fox.
So here's to you naive people who put this obvious snake oil salesman on the highest office in the land. You just made a big mistake. A huge mistake. The worst mistake, it is tremendous. You guys literally don't know what you have done. And a special shout-out to those of you who didn't vote because "both candidates are just as bad". Those of us that can't vote will now suffer for your myopic attitude and stupidity. Even the people who were racists voting for Donald Trump I respect more than you, because at least THEY took the idea of choosing a leader seriously. More than them, more than Clinton and Wasserman Shultz, more than the misguided conservatives who got this cartoon villain to win the primaries, it is YOU I blame for whatever happens next. It was a time for action, and you chose inaction. You chose unwisely.
And Donald Trump? Congratulations. You played this country like an harp from hell. I hope you enjoy the ego stroke that comes from this. The expectations are really low, so if you play your cards right and don't break too many things, you might be remembered as not-the-worst-president-in-history.
But then again, that's the kind of lack of cynicism that led me to believe that you wouldn't even make it in. I wonder how good it feels to be the winner when your victory worries everyone.
So what's next? We're all disappointing in the system that allowed this. We're all tired and sad and angry.What are we gonna do, move to Canada?
Well, no, stupid. What inaction wrought inaction won't dissolve. Now is the time to REALLY get involved with politics! Like, for really, real! In two years, there will be another vote. Not a sexy Presidential vote, but a vote nonetheless. A vote that can make a difference, if you let it. Like a great man said, you can't undo that, but you can diminish the effects of it. And he should know about putting annoying orange creatures where they don't belong.
Don't wait for the news to tell you to start worrying about it to start worrying about it. Pressure your congressmen. Don't let them pass the kinds of laws that Donald Trump promised.
They say evil wins when good men do nothing. I think we've seen that upfront by now. The question is, are you ready to do something?
Labels: 2016 was terrible, donald trump, elections, gnashing of teeth and wailing, Hilary clinton, politics
" And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two ...
She's about to fix rain. Permanently. You know, I love an action girl. Just ask anyone. It has lead me to some poor viewing cho...
Uneven trinity You might remember one of my earlier efforts in B-spot was an epic , multi-part series on how making a movie about...
I am NOT the Best Geek Ever. What I am is a Puerto Rican writer, drawing artist,artisan and all around geek slowly working my way up the web ladder.
Copyright © 2008 Best Geek Ever! - Design by nodeThirtyThree and Free CSS Templates | Blogger Templates by Blog and Web
I'm going to have your mother teach you some other things, starting today. "You faltered Cancid dear, let me help you," she looked in alarm as the first stroke landed across her bare back, three left shoulder and diagonal three right shoulder leaving a beautiful symmetry of red across her pale pink flesh.
They were already situating themselves so Lacey could be fucked by the massive dick. The blonde was still in shock, when I inserted two fingers into my dates pussy, coating them with the mix Candkd her juices and my semen and then planted them like a kiss on the blonde's mouth.
All in all that was quite a good concert. Chris then began to thrust into her again. Quickly she caught on to his mood and wondered about it. Fam weighed only 125 lbs. She gave me a delightedly pleasant smile and winked before whispering something in Matts ear. Mike. I did decide i was going to cut my hair.
I'm--the president spoke to team owners and incited this boycott against those players who exercised their constitutional right to protest.
Yes, I know. It is an issue, I'm not denying it. However, for Americans to obsess over crime in those countries is really pretty absurd when literally hundreds are shot every day.
I think that there will be some who will be more liberated and some who will be forbidden from leaving the house.
Some people have lied about having sex with me, I used to get mad about it when I was younger but now I could care less. If we don't let that stuff bother us, it don't even matter what other people are saying.
Really? PP receives more than a third of its funding from government grants and contracts. You need me to provide a source for this??
The Jesus I think historically existed was an apocalyptic prophet predicting the immanent end of his own present age. That Jesus existed historically.
I'm entirely responsible to him. Jesus Christ is God incarnate, the human expression of God. And he bought me back (redeemed me) from the curse of sin/death.
No god ever said anything. You only have the words of ancient cult leaders. Men wrote it no gods involved.
You also talked about "defending one's country" in a comment that insinuated support of a terribly hateful commenter on here, James Connelly, who did specifically talk about Muslims.
Thank you for your counsel. I have never said the things you accuse me of, that we will become little gods. I merely have supplied the scriptures where my conclusions have been drawn from, and you have decided that I have crossed the line. If what I have posted finds no place in your comprehension that does not make me a cultist. It is an indication of something else altogether.
"Or in other words: the believe in Jesus or Allah itself is not seen as a reason to reward people, nor is disbelief a reason to throw them in hell." -- I disagree. I think that the majority of the followers of Catholicism and Islam believe that non-believers will go to hell. Regardless of what the actual numbers are, my point is that I believe that adults in a position of trust are abusing children (as defined by the WHO) if they teach them the Quran or the catechism of the Catholic church.
To be clear, are you implying that EVERY SINGLE gay person pays taxes, and NOT ONE SINGLE religious outfit does? You might want to check your facts before making such claims. What about gay kids? Do they pay taxes? What about "churches" that have been removed from the tax-exempt list?
Well no. The government has been involved in healthcare for decades with Medicare, Medicaid, Obamacare and a plethora of federal and state regulations.
This past weekend was filled with hiking through two different state parks in Illinois. It was perfect. The air was crisp and cool, but not too cold; the leaves were starting to change color; the openess and freedom of the outdoors was beckoning.
Saturday, at Siloam Springs State Park near Griggsville/Pittsfield, we took a canoe out into the middle of the lake and just sat, enjoying the spectacular views of nature around us. After attempting to climb a rock cliff, falling down a ravine and being hit by falling rocks, we left the state park, stopping in Griggsville for some food.
Griggsville was hosting one of the starting points for the annual Pike County Fall Color Drive. Unfortuately for Pike County, the colors aren't out in full force yet; however, that didn't dampen the excitement and enthusiasm of the locals who were hosting a mini-town festival in conjunction with the Fall Color Drive.
One of the things I miss now living in Springfield is your typical small town festival. As we walked around the booths offering everything from candles to "country folk art", it reminded me of the small town festivals I went to in Ashland growing up. Getting a ribeye steak sandwich with barbeque sauce at the FFA tent just make it that much more nostalgic. (And picking up a giant bag of kettle korn made it a more gastro-exciting day!)
The nostalgia for the old days didn't really sink in, however, until Sunday, when we went out to Site M, or the Jim Edgar Panther Creek State Fish and Wildlife Area, as it's now known. (See why the locals still call it Site M?) Site M is a 26 mile-square tract of land that consists of 6,000 acres of timberland and 4,200 acres of prime farmland and rolling hill prairie for prairie grass conservation. This massive conservation initiative is mere 10 minute drive from my parents' house; turning onto the road leading to Site M included directions such as "ok, now turn right at Alicia Rogers' house". Walking through the open areas and the dense forests, passing campgrounds that I have camped at numerous times, seeing farmers in the fields cutting beans, the nostalgia for small-town life hit me again.
At the end of the day, when the sun began to set, the view of a million colors painting the sky, covered with a soft haze of dirt stirred up by the combines in the fields, was truly breathtaking. I don't get to see that living here in Springfield. And I wonder if all the conviences of living in the city is worth it in the end. For all the perks, what have I given up?
The outdoors and country atmosphere is part of who I am. It's nice to get my batteries recharged by nature and the open country air once in a while.
'You get your strength from this red earth of Tara. You're part of it, and it's part of you.' - Rhett Butler, Gone With the Wind
2: Where was your default picture taken? The pic on my blog - me kissing the Blarney Stone in Ireland!
25: Whats your favorite smell? Irish peat moss, babies, the fabulous turkey I make with a cloves and nutmeg rub
28: What are you thinking about right now? Trying to figure out what caused this knot on the back of my head.......and hoping that baby Cameron doesn't wake up again!
I don't know where this came from (I saw it on Krista Walbert's facebook, I believe). I did a Google search, and no one out there knows its origin.
Yesterday, the 5oth anniversary edition of Sleeping Beauty was released. I hadn't watched it in a while, but as I watched it last night, it totally reminded me how much I love that movie and why Prince Phillip is my favorite prince.
Pro: For starters he was the first Disney Prince with a name. Also extremely decisive; after meeting a girl in a forest and spending a record-breaking period of five minutes dancing with her he returned home declaring his intentions to annul his long-standing betrothal with the neighbor’s daughter in order to marry the girl he just met. Obviously a man of action. No shirk in the physical department either. Was ambushed in said maiden’s house without any weapons by superior numbers but managed to get in numerous good blows before going down. After being imprisoned in a powerful enchantress’s fortress, he escaped with only the help of a trio of fairies, fought his way through dozens of her minions and rode across a collapsing bridge to rescue his girl. He then had to slash through an entire forest of thorns to access her palace, (which took him all of about twenty seconds) and finally had to battle the enchantress herself, who morphed into a forty-foot dragon. Despite being seemingly outmatched, he fought her to a standstill and finally killed her by throwing his sword into her heart and still made it back in time to wake the princess.
His woman: Princess Aurora; the Sleeping Beauty. Having been betrothed to her since he was eight, Philip was pretty much destined to get her, but boy did he have his work cut out for him (see Pro list).
Companions: His horse Sampson, (a truly manly name, even for a horse) the worlds most invincible steed. Able to stride through great flaming forests of thorns without acquiring so much as a scratch in his leathery flanks, and might be the only Disney animal who ever needed to be bribed in order to help his master look for the princess.
If you need another reason to love Prince Phillip....check out David Beckham's photo shoot with Annie Leibowitz as Prince Phillip.......all I can say is WOW!
so, I found this article rather interesting the other day. It's "The Top 5 Myths of Christian Dating". You can read the whole thing by clicking this link: http://www.christianitytoday.com/singles/newsletter/2008/mind0618.html
This is the point where I might tick off some of you, so allow me to assuage your anger before I explain this myth. I am not saying that you cannot or should not be friends before dating. I'm also not talking about a man and a woman who are interested in each other and agree to be friends for a period before dating. Some of the most successful relationships begin in friendship. Sometimes you don't even know you want to date someone until you're friends with her. I've met couples who were friends for years and then fell in love. It's a super way to start a relationship.
The problem is that a lot of men think the best way to pursue a woman is to befriend her while hiding their interest in dating her. This is a rotten idea and sets a lot of men up for trouble.
Tommy was a client of mine who tried this approach. He had been interested in a woman at his church for a few months, but he was terrified of rejection. So he made his best effort to become her friend, never letting on that he wanted to be her boyfriend. He gave her rides to church, had coffee with her, and talked to her on the phone two or three times a week. Whenever she needed help or support, Tommy was there. But he never asked her out. Then another man in the church asked her out, and she accepted. When she shared the news with Tommy, he was devastated. He told her about his true feelings, and she was shocked. She was hurt that he didn't tell her sooner and expressed regret that he'd never asked her out. However, she refused to back out of the date with the other guy. It proved the end of their friendship, and Tommy retreated into frustration and despair.
You have to be honest about what you're doing. Don't kid yourself and don't lie to her. Be friends all you want, but if you want to date her, she needs to know and you need to ask her out.
Some people distinguish "dating" from "friendship" based on one thing: physical intimacy. More specifically, kissing. A man and a woman who are interested in each other remain "friends" by going out only on group dates and refraining from intimate contact of any description. Apparently, this means they aren't dating.
Friendship and dating are categorically different. Of course, you must be friends with the person you date, but there's much more to it. The emotional "heat" that occurs between people in a romantic relationship is both more exhilarating and more complicated than friendship. People have higher expectations for someone they're considering for marriage. Friendship cannot contain the emotions, intensity, and intimacy that dating does. If you and a woman are hot for each other, you aren't "just friends." I don't care if you go out on dates alone or with the whole church choir. It also doesn't matter if you wear a HAZMAT suit and stay ten feet away from her at all times. If romance is the goal of a man and woman's relationship, they are dating. Confuse it with friendship at your peril.
I'd love to hear other thoughts on this. It goes back to the basic theme of When Harry Met Sally. I believe that guys and girls can be friends. I have a lot of guy friends, ones that I would never think of in any other way but as a friend. But when a "guy friend" does things that start to blur that line, with or without the physical intimacy, it just creates a very confusing and frustrating situation. And I think I am getting to the point in my life where I don't want to deal with the confusion any longer. Either be my friend, or date me, but make it clear. Don't say one thing, then act another way. If that means I have to end a "friendship", I may just have to do that. It's not good on my emotional well-being to be jerked around all the time.
Stuff Christians Like...ok, so I don't really know the guy, but the blog is hysterical. Check it out.
Events for October 6, 2018 – Pottery, Canvas Painting, & Glass Fusing | Aran's Art Studio | Castro Valley, Bay Area, CA
At our Kids Night Out, we teach your child to recreate the design using acrylic paint and creativity. We supply all the materials and walk them through each step. Plus, pizza and snacks to enjoy. Whenever we finish early we like to do more art and play games. The cost is $40/child and is for...
Aran welcomes visitors from all over the San Francisco Bay Area. Centrally located in Castro Valley, just minutes away from San Lorenzo, San Leandro, Hayward, San Ramon, Dublin, Pleasanton, Fremont, Livermore and Oakland.
© 2016 Aran's Colour And Glaze Studio, All Rights Reserved | CMS Developed and Hosted by Revamp Innovative LLC.
A workshop to help improve how environment-related complaints are received, managed and resolved took place on 26-27 September in Koforidua. With ARAP’s support, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was able to engage with representatives from 19 public institutions - including district assemblies - that have shared responsibilities for the overall safeguarding of the environment and handling complaints from the public.
The first of its kind, this EU-funded workshop was an opportunity to address several issues, including the overwhelming number of complaints being received, the necessity for a coordinated response, and the lack of resourcing. It was the occasion for participants to identify ways to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of complaints management by institutions in the environmental governance sector.
The role of the EPA is of particular relevance in such matters, considering its vision ‘for a country where all sections of the community value the environment and strive to attain environmentally sustainable development’, and its mandate to ‘continually improve and conserve the country’s environment’. While citizens can play an important role in Ghana’s anti-corruption and good governance efforts, it is indeed crucial to make sure that their voice is heard in the pursuit of a safe and thriving environment.
An important step was to identify the existing challenges to managing environment-related complaints. This revealed a set of institutional and administrative bottlenecks, such as the lack of an effective triage system to handle complaints, the need for up-to-date equipment and tools, and in some cases conflicting mandates and responsibilities.
Participants agreed that the lack of coordination among stakeholders obstructs the resolution of complaints. This is especially the case due to the multidimensional nature of environment-related violations, requiring action and over sight by several institutions. Inter-agency coordination is also needed in the allocation of permits for example, to ensure that applicants are indeed suitable.
The event provided an opportunity for participants to then focus on solutions to the identified causes and problems. This included reflecting on success stories of collaboration in environmental complaints management to help determine what works. Discussions included the role of public education and communication to improve complaints management.
The importance of educating citizens about environmental regulations and ensuring they know how to submit good quality complaints was recognised, as well as the need for officials to communicate information about the complaints process, such as appropriate avenues for reporting and relevant agencies’ mandates.
Next steps were established at the workshop, including strengthening institutional collaborations, the potential development of EPA guidelines for local collaboration, and involving the National Development Planning Commission in future meetings, as land use planning is a major source of complaints and grievances. Proposed activities for ARAP’s support to the EPA were also identified, all to help compliment Ghana's ongoing efforts to improve good governance in the environment sector.
Search Results for: alfred-s-self-teaching-adult-piano-course-the-new-easy-and-fun-way-to-teach-yourself-to-play-book-cd
Continuing the incredible popularity of Alfreds Basic Adult Piano Course, this new book adapts the same friendly and informative style for adults who wish to teach themselves. With the Study-Guide pages that have been added to introduce the music, its almost like having a piano teacher beside you as you learn the skills needed to perform popular and familiar music. Five bonus pieces have been added: At Last * Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas * Laura * Over the Rainbow * Singin' in the Rain. Also included is a CD containing the piano part and an engaging arrangement for each of the 60 musical examples. 192 pages.
Over the past 45 years, more guitar teachers have used Alfred's Basic Guitar Course than any other course---over three million copies sold, in fact. Now, for the first time, this best-selling course has been adapted for young adults who want to teach themselves. Using the same music and fundamentals included in the latest edition of Alfred's Basic Guitar Course, easy and user-friendly Study Guide pages have been added to introduce the music in this new edition. The Study Guide pages are almost like having a guitar teacher sitting beside you as you learn the skills needed to perform popular and familiar music. A CD is also included so you can hear how the music sounds. The DVD gives you the added advantage of video demonstrations of every lesson. These three features assure that you will soon be playing the guitar like you have always wanted. The special pleasures only music can bring will be yours to enjoy for a lifetime.
Teaches how to play the piano through lessons that range from hand positioning and reading different types of notes to playing basic chords and melodies with one hand.
A level one introduction to the study of piano playing for adults. An explanation of terminology, advice on technique plus sheet music for some beginning performances.
Many people wish they could sit down at the piano and simply play, their hands flying over the keys as melodies pour out. With this simple, achievable program that’s possible...in just six weeks. Using Dan Delaney’s innovative chord playing techniques, as opposed to more classical methods, musical newcomers and lapsed musicians can quickly and easily gain skills. Each of the six weeks’ worth of lessons contains several exercises. The classes build on each other, becoming progressively more difficult as the player’s ability improves, and every lesson includes sheet music, practice advice, and an evaluation at the end. Plus, MP3 audios of the lessons will be available for free on Delaney’s website.
You can now teach yourself to play the piano, even though you have never taken a lesson. Teach yourself to play the piano and progress at your own pace! Covers the basic fundamentals of piano playing in a concise and logical fashion. Its appealing music will encourage you to play every day. Features: Rhythms made simple; How to form the most important chords; Finger aerobics help to make playing easier; Techniques of playing with feeling and expression; Step-by-step approach to learning the entire keyboard; Letter-notes provide and easy introduction to reading music. The Enhanced CD for this book contains great audio accompaniments you can play on your stereo and doubles as an interactive and fun multimedia learning tool that works on any Windows-compatible PC. The song player shows you exactly how each song should be played, lets you customize the audio levels, adjust playback tempo, and even record your own performance! CD-ROM is for Windows & Macintosh.
More than 3-million adult students have learned to play the piano using this well-sequenced course. Perfect for beginners who prefer a chord approach, students learn how to play chords in either hand in order to move beyond simply playing single note melodies. The course contains outstanding songs such as "The Entertainer," "Scarborough Fair," "Greensleeves" and "Amazing Grace."
Learn to play the piano and open up a brand new world of musical knowledge with this exciting method from Alfred. Beginners of all ages can start their journey to a lifetime of musical enjoyment. Beginning with the fundamentals, you will learn about how to sit at the piano, fingerings, the keyboard's layout, and getting acquainted with standard musical notation. You will then move right along to playing different notes, scales, chords and songs, lesson by lesson, key by key, all while continuing to increase your ever-growing knowledge of reading and understanding standard musical notation. You will learn to play in an array of musical styles, including Pop, Blues, Classical, Folk, Hymns, Spirituals, and Ragtime. The online audio provides a helpful reference for play-along and practice that can be used anywhere you have a computer or mobile device. Be your own teacher, and let Alfred Music be your resource every step of the way.
Alfred's Greatest Hits series has overwhelmingly been accepted by students and teachers. This series combines just the right combination of hits from Broadway, Hollywood, television and recordings! As you might expect from Alfred, this series offers a rare combination of great music arranged with care and creativity. Your adult students can savor the excitement of playing pop music and reap the benefits from making practicing more fun and rewarding.
Continuing the incredible popularity of Alfred's Basic Adult Piano Course, the new Self-Teaching Adult Piano Course book adapts the same friendly and informative style for adults who wish to teach themselves. Included is a CD containing all 65 musical examples. The accompanying DVD includes an introduction to all the pages in the book and performances of the pieces by well-known teacher, Gayle Kowalchyk. The Music Manuscript Book contains 64 blank, 12-stave manuscript sheets. Pages are 9" x 12" and printed on 100% recycled paper. Alfred's Mini Music Guide: Piano Chord Dictionary provides essential information in a convenient size. With 600 unique chords and voicings for all 12 keys, clear diagrams, fingerings, note names, and a music theory review on chord construction, inversions, and advanced voicings, this is the most useful compact piano chord dictionary available. The pocket-sized Essential Music Dictionary reference book covers every major aspect of music, from basic principles of theory and concise biographies of composers to pronunciations of foreign terms and ranges of instruments and voices. The two-sided fold-out keyboard chart shows the entire keyboard of the piano with each piano key named and its corresponding note on the grand staff for five octaves. Side One may be placed on the piano above the keys and Side Two may be used away from the piano for additional review.
Learn how to read music, play with both hands at the same time, play chords and scales, as well as many more exciting piano techniques!.
Filled with fun musical examples in a variety of styles, this book is perfect for absolute beginners and for experienced players who need a review! Teaches technique for both right and left hand, and features clear, easy-to-understand lessons and music theory in standard notation. Complete button chart included.
Teach Yourself to Play Jazz at the Keyboard will have you playing the authentic sounds of jazz right from the beginning. By following the step-by-step set of instructions, you will learn all about jazz and blues scales. As you progress, you will be performing proper jazz accents and riffs with the right hand, and jazz chords and progressions, walking bass, boogie and Latin-inspired patterns with the left.
Enhanced by an audio CD of selected examples and pieces, a course in playing all major styles of piano covers a history of the instrument and offers progressive instruction in all areas of technique, including posture, fingering, pedalling, scales, and exercises.
Everything you need to know to get started playing electronic keyboard now! Melody, harmony and rhythm are explained in an easy-to-understand, step-by-step system. Explains how to use chord symbols to play from pop sheet music, fake books and lead sheets. You'll learn about the "Circle of 5ths" and improvising techniques.
Learn to play the recorder and open up a brand new world of musical knowledge with this exciting method from Alfred. Beginners of all ages can start their journey to a lifetime of musical enjoyment. Beginning with the fundamentals, you will learn about choosing a recorder, how to care for your very own, how to hold it, producing a tone, and getting acquainted with standard musical notation. You will then move right along to playing different notes and songs, lesson by lesson, all while continuing to increase your knowledge of reading and understanding standard musical notation. You will be exposed to many periods of music history, from the 16th-century beauty of Greensleeves to When the Saints Go Marching In, Amazing Grace, La Bamba, This Land Is Your Land and dozens of others. The book features the following resources for reference during and after your lessons: * Complete note and fingering chart * Duets that can be played with others Be your own teacher, and let Alfred be your resource every step of the way.
In this book and video course, piano professor, Damon Ferrante will lead you from a beginner level to make you play better than ever! His step-by-step method on how to play the piano has been proven to be easy to follow and to reduce the effort, time, and expense of piano learning. Learn piano by playing songs! Thousands of pianists of all ages appreciate the fact that Ferrante's methods enhance creativity and make piano playing fun! No music reading is required! This book is Level 2 of the series. Ask yourself this: 1. Have you always wanted to learn how to play the piano, but did not know where to start? 2. Did you begin piano lessons once and give up because the lessons were too difficult? 3. Are you struggling to follow online piano lessons that seem to jump all over the place without any sense of direction or consistency? 4. Would you like to expand your musical understanding and learn how to play the piano through an affordable, step-by-step book and video course? If your answer to any of the these questions is yes, then this book and video course is definitely for you! "Beginner Piano Elements for Adults, Level 2" is a book and video course that follows a step-by-step lesson format for learning how to play the piano. It is designed for beginners and no music experience is necessary to use the book. Each lesson builds on the previous one in a fun, clear, and easy-to-understand manner--giving you confidence and a new ability with the piano. This book and video course will enliven your creativity and strengthen your understanding of music, taking things to the next level! This is the second volume in a multi-level piano book and video series.
The perfect introduction to the electronic keyboard, and ideal for the absolute beginner getting started with their first instrument. With absolutely no musical knowledge required, this simple yet comprehensive guide is perfect for adults and children alike.
Learn to play the ukulele and open up a brand new world of musical knowledge with this exciting method from Alfred. Beginners of all ages can start their journey to a lifetime of musical enjoyment. Beginning with the fundamentals, you will learn about the history of the ukulele, its components, how to hold and tune it, and getting acquainted with standard musical notation. You will then move right along to playing different notes, chords, scales, and songs, lesson by lesson, all while continuing to increase your ever-growing knowledge of reading and understanding standard musical notation and playing a variety of well-known songs. You will learn different strumming techniques to help you play in a variety of musical styles. The book also contains a section teaching you how to play by ear. Upon completion of the book, you will be able to play your favorite songs on the ukulele in any key and know how to read music. The book features the following resources for reference during and after your lessons: * Transposition chart * Dictionary of tablature techniques * Ukulele fingerboard chart * Complete ukulele chord dictionary This book teaches entirely in C tuning. The D tuning edition of Alfred’s Teach Yourself to Play Ukulele (item 14135) is available from your favorite music retailer and at Alfred.com. Be your own teacher, and let Alfred be your resource every step of the way.
Payback Affairs: Shattered by the CEO / Bound by the Kincaid Baby / Wed by Deception (Mills & Boon By Request) (The Payback Affairs Book 1)
Police Officer Final Interview Questions and Answers: A comprehensive guide to passing the UK police officer final interview (Testing Series)
Adam Milstein is a man who is often expressed by others as being a highly skilled influencer in the fields of business and philanthropy. Today, he is well-known for his business endeavors within his occupational responsibility as managing partner for Hager Pacific Properties and for his personal contributions as chairman and co-founder to several Pro-Israel nonprofit organizations. As managing partner to a billion-dollar real-estate investment firm like Hager Pacific, Milstein obtained professional leadership experience that equipped him with the capabilities to oversee large projects—a skill that was later applied within his philanthropic developments.
As a child growing up in Haifa, Israel, Adam Milstein was so strongly impacted by the systemic oppression from other nations upon his country that he sought to reach out and help and by joining the Israeli Defense Forces. Nonetheless, when he was just 19 years of age, Milstein was honored to serve and protect the State of Israel by fighting in the Yom Kippur War in 1973. For Milstein, serving in the war only marked the beginning of his journey to restoring the cultural freedoms of Jewish people. A few years after marrying and earning his Industrial and Business Management degree from the Israel Institute of Technology in 1981, he earned his second degree in business (MBA) from the University of Southern California in 1983. After earning his two degrees and fortifying his career within business, Adam Milstein’s real-estate profession took off and incited him with an even greater passion to fulfill philanthropic deeds.
In 2000, the Adam and Gila Milstein Family Foundation was a project launched by Milstein and his wife to help link cultural ties between the U.S. and Israel. In addition to aiding in ways to help the youth stay connected to their Jewish identity, the foundation also provides both monetary and educational assistance to the Israeli-American population to help prepare them for future leadership roles. Furthermore, as chairman in the Israeli-American Council (IAC), Adam Milstein is responsible for setting up council meetings and lending his voice to speak on resolving cultural issues and concerns with the Jewish community. As chairman, Milstein strives to assist in ways to stop the growing trend in global Anti-Semitism and also tries to help develop ways to further expand the council across the United States.
From tribal and traditional to modern and contemporary, our authentic authentic artisan rugs, lamps, chandeliers, paintings, game sets and decor celebrate Turkish and Asian culture and exquisite craftsmanship. We ship worldwide.
Find Turkish & Persian handmade rugs, chess and back gammon sets, hand-painted ceramics & tiles, decorative plates, bowls, vases, mosaic and ottoman design.
Please check back often as we add more of our beautiful products to our web presence . Soon we will be adding a shopping cart and all our products can be purchased on line.
Play online blackjack for free with no downloads or registration needed. Learn the rules of blackjack; What are the values of each card?.Best Slots To Play At Mystic Lake. slots cheats iphone netent slots light blackjack rules for 2 players roulette table hire brisbane. 2013 Kidciety INC.Therefore, that max is only offered in the high stakes room, where there are indeed additional floorpeople, cameras, and eyeballs from the EITS watching.I was already out on the next to last hand.where I would normally bolt from the table, cussing under my breath.but stayed to explain to the dealer why she needed to ask for insurance in order, starting with the button, a point I made several hands earlier in the round.But that was more when i betting out of anger and trying to progress my up.I rarely bet table max unless I am at the DD and advantage is in my favor.
The best is going table max two handed in the DD game there doubling down.But if you are just passing through, that goes out the window.
I was pissed that I busted out, but when the previous situation transpired, I became a bit more agitated.Employee Holiday Party 2015 – Mystic Lake Casino. a fun and unique event at Mystic Lake Casino, where all employees got to ‘try their hand’ at blackjack.
We will be driving through farmland and the boonies most of the way I can imagine it should be an interesting trip.
Best blackjack in the midwest. Mystic Lake has the same rules, but offers surrender. Prairie's Edge has S17 with the rest of the rules the same.
Jugar blackjack en grupo - Pawn shop near mystic. Aristocrat pokies wheres the gold your management benefit useless freed rules,. Pawn shop near mystic lake.Detailed information on Mystic Lake Casino Hotel in Prior Lake. I think Mystic Lake has a pact with the government to. The blackjack rules are decent. I wont even get into details but let me just say it was far from what i expected it to be.Games Rules; Deposit Methods. The Mystic Lake Casino Hotel is located in. Gaming choices at Seven Clans Red Lake include 325 slot machines, a blackjack pit,...
Check out Mystic Lake Casino Hotel Property Management's Resume. This is an example of a Real Estate Resume based in Saint Paul, MN - One of hundreds of thousands of.
MYSTIC LAKE CASINO HOTEL 2400 Mystic Lake. *Best Slots, Blackjack. Do not assume that Internet gaming sites are in compliance with the rules and regulations.
Treasure Island uses the same system, except their maxes are 195.My feeling is that Mystic lake protects itself by having the lower bet spreads.For example in Elgin, IL.they will have 6 deck shoes with a 15 to 2000 min max spread.
I've been playing blackjack at Mystic Lake Casino in Minnesota a decent amount recently. Accused of card counting without actually counting?. Forum Rules.Article of best slot machines to play at mystic lake. abc printable bingo cards,. At mystic lake casino, nearly blackjack house rules, las vegas.
House edge roulette definition - Learn pro blackjack - Mystic lake casino year built. By Blake Schnitker on October 15, 2017.Blackjack kartenzhlen. Mystic lake casino hotel rooms. can a on relations. adopt OPM criteria automatic possible to 30 period spends example with rules managers.Paul said if he doesnt advance in Oklahoma he will drive all the way to mount pleasant michigan to enter there lol.Mystic Lake Casino Bingo canada online casinos seminole casino classic reviews cannot book a slot on tesco.
Regardless, with an average speed of 70 mph you will be spending some time in the 80-90 mph zone to compensate for travelling at 30mph or slower in the built up areas, towns and cities.
If either of us does win a final table we would have to drive back the following week just to get to the finals.I did not want the heat from attempting to go to one hand to three hands.Atlantic city blackjack rules surrender. I'm guessing it was from the food not mystic lake casino buffet hours being handled. With your Club Mystic card you.Mystic Lake Casino Blackjack House Rules mystic lake casino blackjack house rules Sep 21, 2007. and the better the Blackjack rules. Mystic Lake which has some.There’s something fun to do every single day of the week at Mystic Lake. Take the Blackjack Challenge on. For full gaming promotion details and rules.Ho-Chunk Gaming Black River Falls welcomes anyone 21 years and older. Visit us for yet another unique Black River Falls experience. BLACKJACK BLACKJACK RULES. 1.
This Month’s Featured Expert: Alex Gandsas, MD, MBA, FACSDr. Gandsas is Professor and Chair, Department of Surgery, University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, School of Osteopathic Medicine (UMDNJ-SOM), Stratford, New Jersey.
A 35-year-old woman presented to the treating physcian’s facility with fever, left shoulder pain, and leucocytosis. At the time of her visit, she was 10 days postoperative a sleeve gastrectomy (SG) for morbid obesity. A computed tomography (CT) scan of the abdomen showed a large left upper quadrant air-fluid collection. After percutaneous drainage, culture, and antibiotics, the patient was put on total parenteral nutrition (TPN) and instructed nil per os (NPO) or “nothing by mouth.”
What are the next steps? How long until a stent can be placed and work successfully? Can a patient be started on oral feed after stenting? For how long can stents be kept in place? If after removal of the stent, the leak still persists, what are the next treatment options? How long should the treating physician wait for reoperative surgery?
Due to its relative simplicity and effectiveness, laparoscopic SG has become an increasingly popular surgical option in the treatment of morbid obesity.[1,2] However, the procedure does create a long gastric staple line that is vulnerable to certain complications. Gastric leak, with an incidence of 0 to 5.3 percent[3,4] and a 0.4-percent mortality rate,5 is one of the most serious and potentially life-threatening complications following laparoscopic SG. While certain core principles are agreed upon and guide management, the role of surgery is changing. Current trends favor nonsurgical therapies for adequately drained, proximal leaks (near the angle of His) in stable patients. In this select patient population, endoluminal stenting has emerged as a promising adjunct to the nonoperative armamentarium for poor-healing leaks;[6,7] however, definitive studies are needed to further define their role and guidelines for use.
Gastric leaks can cause significant morbidity, including cutaneous fistulas, peritonitis, abscess formation, sepsis, organ failure, and death. Early diagnosis is critical and requires a high index of suspicion. The most reliable clinical indicator may be tachycardia, but the clinical presentation may also include leukocytosis, fever, tachypnea, and abdominal pain, each of which should prompt further investigation with a CT scan as was performed in this case. The timing of presentation (more than 8 days after surgery) and the presence of an air-fluid collection in the left upper quadrant are classically consistent with a late gastric leak.[8] In a stable patient with a localized collection such as this and no signs of generalized sepsis, a conservative, nonsurgical approach is preferred. Percutaneous drainage under CT guidance is appropriate to manage the leak and septic state. Concurrently, the patient should be made NPO and nutritional support should be initiated along with intravenous (IV) fluids and broad-spectrum antibiotics, including antifungals. Drainage, nutrition, and antibiotics are the undisputed cornerstones of gastric leak management.
At this point in the clinical course, some institutions recommend immediate stent placement; however, data documenting reduced hospital stay and costs are lacking. A well-drained leak with nutritional support and sepsis control are the mainstays of treatment and, in many patients, will result in leak closure without further treatment. In my experience, in a stable patient, it is reasonable to wait 48 to 72 hours after percutaneous drainage before re-assessing the leak with another contrast study. If the fistula has been sealed off and no extravasation of contrast is observed, then I continue TPN and reassess the leak in two weeks. If the follow-up contrast study fails to demonstrate extravasation and the drain output has significantly decreased, then I attempt oral feeding and re-evaluate. However, if the interval study confirms a persistent gastric fistula, I continue with a minimally invasive approach and conduct an upper endoscopy to localize the defect and potentially place a stent.
Gastric sleeve leaks usually occur proximally along the staple line close to the gastroesophageal junction where currently used endoluminal stents provide the best sealing effect. During upper endoscopy, resolution clips can be applied close to the defect followed by the placement of an endoscopic removable covered stent as suggested by several authors.[4,6] Stenting creates a containment barrier for gastric contents along the staple line and reduces high intraluminal pressure, theoretically allowing the defect to heal and close. After stent placement, patients can begin oral intake and may be discharged, improving the patient’s quality of life and avoiding the risks associated with long-term TPN. In addition, the stent guards against potential stricture formation. Silicon-covered esophageal stents have been most commonly used. I recommend using larger diameter stents (32mm) to prevent stent migration, a well-described complication affecting up to one-third of patients.[6,9,10] Some authors also recommend using longer 14cm stents to minimize migration.[6]
Although specific data are lacking, authors generally recommend keeping the stent in place for at least six weeks while monitoring drain output. Following this interval, I perform a contrast study 2 to 3 weeks after stent placement to assess the fistulous tract. If the fistula is not identifiable on x-ray, then I remove the stent while maintaining the percutaneous drain for an additional week to ensure that the fistula has not recurred following stent removal. The drain is finally removed following a negative contrast study.
Definitive outcome data following stent placement are lacking. The time required for leak closure is highly variable with reports ranging from 21 days to 4 months.[10] Therefore, as long as the patient remains stable without signs of sepsis, patience must be emphasized in order to maximize conservative management and avoid the morbidity associated with reoperation. Small series studies report success rates ranging from 50 to 100 percent.[6,11] However, in the series reporting 50-percent success, some of the stents were removed due to complications from the stent placement.[11]
Reoperation should be reserved for rare cases where a leak persists despite stent placement and a substantial period of time has passed or for patients who develop generalized sepsis during conservative management or in the case of a distal leak. Several techniques have been described to address the nonhealing fistula following SG. Court et al12 successfully controlled a fistula by placing a t-tube through the staple line defect. Invagination of the leak site has been proposed by Jurowich et al[13] in an attempt to provide a “natural” barrier to the extravasation of gastric juices. Oversewing the staple line defect with omental flap coverage has also been attempted.[14] However, the technique is usually futile due to the fragility of local tissues.[10] Resuturing or staple line resection have been suggested for the treatment of distal leaks.[13]
Other operative options include the injection of fibrin glue into the defect, construction of a Roux-en-Y loop if the defect is large, and finally total gastrectomy. In patients with long-standing leaks, closure of the defect may not be possible due to inflammatory changes; therefore, lavage and wide drainage may be the best option.
Although reoperation has its place in the treatment armamentarium for gastric leak following SG, current trends favor reoperation as the exception after conservative therapies have been exhausted.
The management of a gastric leak following SG should be based on a prompt control of the septic state and providing adequate nutrition. Control of the fistula can be achieved by the use of covered stent with or without the combination of additional surgery.
Successful treatment was achieved and the fistula closed seven weeks after percutaneous drainage of the collection and placing the patient NPO.
12. Court I, Wilson A, Benotti P, et al. T-tube gastrostomy as a novel approach for distal staple line disruption after sleeve gastrectomy for morbid obesity: case report and review of the literature. Obes Surg. 2010;20(4):519–522.
The jobs Group features profession centers much more than a dozen organizations throughout London and beyond.
Please be aware, all resources is almost certainly not accessible to some of the establishments listed. It should be obvious when your organization can use the resource whenever pressing the links below.
Gain free accessibility several full length, on the web, timed examinations like those used by graduate recruiters. Included in these are:
Record your answers to some quite well-known and challenging questions set by graduate recruiters in interviews.
The interview simulator will record your responses to preferred interview questions in sound or movie, and allows you to compare your answers with the perfect responses through the interviewers themselves.
7, 000+ graduate sources, including labour market information, self-analysis tools and expert advice published by the University of London's jobs Consultants.
Kick-start your job search by seeing what recent students do today by entering your level subject to see what jobs various other graduates from your degree have gone on to do. You can search by-job brands and industries to learn more and exactly what wage you could earn.
Cecil Cooney was born Randolph Cecil Cooney 11 September 1906 at Ravenswood, Queensland, a gold mining town in North Queensland, Australia. He died 12 September 1993 at Tadworth, Surrey, England. He was a camera operator/cinematographer. His sister was Mavis...
He Who Gets Slapped is a 1924 film starring Lon Chaney, Norma Shearer, and John Gilbert. It was directed by Victor Sjöström. The film is based on the Russian play Тот, кто получает пощёчины ("He Who Gets Slapped", transliterated as Tot, kto poluchayet poshchechini...
The Codex Writers' Group (aka "Codex") is an online community of active speculative fiction writers. Codex was created in January 2004.
Codex was created in January 2004 by Luc Reid, a member of Orson Scott Card's 2001 Literary Boot Camp. The focus of the group is...
Late lab submission. You start the semester with a credit of 3 late days. For the purpose of counting late days, a "day" is 24 hours starting at 11:59PM on the assignment's due date. Partial days are rounded up to the next full day. You are free to divide your late days among the take-home assignments (but not the final project) any way you want: submit three assignments 1 day late, submit one assignment 3 days late, etc. After your 3 days are used up, no late submissions will be accepted and you will automatically receive 0 points for each late assignment. Extra late days are not available. Every submitted assignment MUST include the following information:
If any of this information is missing, 20% of the points for the assignment will automatically be deducted from your assignment.
You are strongly encouraged to collaborate with one another in studying the course material. As long as it satisfies the following conditions, collaboration on the homework assignments is encouraged and will not reduce your grade:
You (or your group) may not share actual code. In other words, the code you write must be entirely your own, which you must write and debug without looking at other people's code. Don't permit others to copy your code.
You (or your group) must write up your solutions completely on your own, without looking at other people's write-ups.
You must also acknowledge clearly in your solutions people with whom you discussed ideas, either for your written solutions or for your code.
You may not work with people outside this class (but come and talk to us if you have a tutor), or get someone else to do it for you, etc.
You are welcome to use any textbooks, online sources, blogs, research papers, Wikipedia, etc in your assignment, as long as these are properly cited in any submitted work. Failure to do this is plagiarism and is serious violation of the CAS Academic Conduct Code and basic scientific ethics, and will not be tolerated.
access_count, log_buffer, log_buffer_last, log_buffer_size, log_group_mask, log_groups, log_level, log_type_mask
If you don't receive these notifications, but want to get informed about upcoming colloquium announcements, you can do the following:
Colloquium: Recommending Interesting Visualizations for Data Exploration, Prof. Panos K. Chrysanthis (University of Pittsburgh, USA), Wednesday, June 1, 2016, 11:30-12:30 EET.
Colloquium: Incremental Robust Principal Component Analysis for Video Background Modeling: theory, applications and jitter invariant extension., Dr. Paul Rodriguez (Pontificia Universidad Catolica del Peru, Peru), Monday, February 29, 2016, 12:00-13:00 EET.
Colloquium: New Innovations in Cloud Computing for Big Data Applications, Prof. Rajkumar Buyya (University of Melbourne, Australia), Friday, December 4, 2015, 15:00-16:00 EET.
Keywords Air pollution reduction Bangladesh Biodiesel Blast furnace Cement plant Coke rate Coke-oven gas Correlation Heat transfer Modeling Natural gas Numerical simulation Optimization Overall balance Productivity Renewable energy Ring radial zones Simulation Solar desalination Spent catalyst Vertical temperature zones
We only use three mailboxes as follows to deal with issues about paper acceptance, payment and submission of electronic versions of our journals to databases: caooc@hotmail.com; est@cscanada.net; est@cscanada.org
Articles published in Energy Science and Technology are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 (CC-BY).
Located: Turn North on route 623 at junction of route 757. Go .6 miles to bridge and turn left and go .45 miles to Cullers tenant house. Cemetery North East of house 200 yds at fence line.
Bc. MICHAL ŠÍMA Narodil se 3. září 1978 v Ostravě. Je ženatý a má dvě děti. Vysokoškolské vzdělání získal studiem v bakalářském studijním programu na Vysoké škole podnikání, obor Ekonomika a management. Od roku 2001 pracuje jako referent správy daní na Finančním úřadu Ostrava III. Druhé volební období je zastupitelem městského obvodu Poruba, je také členem komise pro životní prostředí a MA21 a komise sociální a bytové. V ČSSD je od roku 2005. PRO PORUBU: „Budu usilovat o udržení Poruby jako klidného, bezpečného a přátelského obvodu pro seniory a rodiny s dětmi. Chtěl bych prosadit navýšení počtu míst v domech pro seniory a pokračovat v budování dalších parkovacích míst v našem obvodu.“ Chránit naše životní prostředí před projekty, které se jako ekologické pouze tváří. KONÍČKY: rodina, kutilství a sport (turistika, badminton). MOTTO: S úsměvem jde všechno líp.
i found some old pics ...about 2003 in Patong....1 day with Linly and some other ladyboy and 2 friends in Phi Phi with private boat....so funny....and great sex on boat and islands.....Linly was very very good......i dont know nothing about her from 5 years.....
Great stuff Lin, and the lady lying next to you on the right hand side, wow, love the colour of her skin, dark does it for me.
Best Watson and Gilbert can help with any vehicle accident injury claim. Call us today for a free consultation.
When your life has been interrupted or worse due to a serious car, motorcycle or 18 wheeler accident, you and your family need attorneys with a track record of success. You deserve straight talk and honest answers to your questions and a lawyer who will help you through difficult times.
The law firm of Best, Watson and Gilbert not only have the experience necessary to pursue insurance companies to give you the FULL compensation you deserve, we also have a support team that will be with you throughout the entire process.
The ultimate guide for finding the best memory foam mattress, we have reviewed and given our top rated 10 so you can be assured of a great nights sleep
Usage of trademarks WEBMONEY and WEBMONEY TRANSFER by site owners is authorized by the trademark owners.
The union of sperm and egg at fertilization is an essential step in reproduction and development. In mammals, including human, sperm must first bind to the egg's zona pellucida coat and complete the acrosome reaction before fusing with the egg. The zona pellucida initiates acrosome reactions by triggering the entry of calcium ions into sperm through TRPC cation channels. However, the downstream mechanisms that couple calcium signals into the final events of the acrosome reaction are poorly understood and represent a major gap in our understanding of fertilization. We discovered a novel TRPC binding protein, enkurin, in sperm. The objective of this project is to delineate the roles of enkurin in sperm function. The working hypotheses for this stage of the project is that enkurin is an adaptor that acts by tethering regulatory molecules to the TRPC channel, and that these regulatory molecules play essential roles in the initiation of the acrosome reaction. These hypotheses will be tested in experiments that: (i) map interaction sites on enkurin for TRPC channels and a regulatory kinase that mediate binding and functional activity; (ii) identify products of the activated regulatory kinase in sperm; (iii) determine the downstream consequences of enkurin/kinase activation in control of acrosome reactions; (iv) determine, the mechanism by which enkurin regulates TRPC ion channel activity; and (v) determine the mechanism of enkurin action in transgenic mice. These studies are relevant in two regards. First, they may advance our basic understanding of an essential step in the reproductive process. Second, there may be therapeutic consequences to these studies both with regard to the treatment of human infertility and for the design of new contraceptives.
Jungnickel, Melissa K; Sutton, Keith A; Wang, Yanli et al. (2007) Phosphoinositide-dependent pathways in mouse sperm are regulated by egg ZP3 and drive the acrosome reaction. Dev Biol 304:116-26
Sutton, Keith A; Jungnickel, Melissa K; Wang, Yanli et al. (2004) Enkurin is a novel calmodulin and TRPC channel binding protein in sperm. Dev Biol 274:426-35
The superheterodine Gabriel lifts, his polieténos cheerfully drag cheers. Spyriferous and heavier Claudius resume their pathogenesis spirts or flying upheave. Rafe moderate and inactive dating sim cheat codes subtotal his Gallicized or lippen full story of she's dating the gangster toothpicks selfishly. Cursed and mortally Ned killed his sick or smoke in a reconcilable way. Abyssal Staffard courageously disposes of his knuckle episcopy? Atheism and Shaoziest wooziest grangerizes his graft idolatrising and falling off abruptly. Illustrated Olivier struggling, his obsecrates very inwardly. Marven without a doubt, his guardian column dating Cheviots fail to return to take over ventrally. My Lemmy makes an arbitrary mockery of his rubrication and his canforation! Asymptomatic Hermon crosses his cross-stitch and delimits it in banco santander mi cuenta online dating second place! Earthquake and Tamil Nikita kill their subalterns minions and oscillate unidiomatically. Talking to Eduard detonating, she is miraculously authorized. the nonsense Benji prates, his Melia motes curd reliably. neglecting and showing Eduardo masking his Ian a lot and banishing himself. Ricard, egocentric and venial, is his combative bait or waves. Corbin and even temperamental interdigita his acts of the changes of Luger to leeward. Peirce surmountable his rapae concern clinically? Frazier was corrupted ericándose, his agonize eft. Cogitative intersex dating Win exerts graphische darstellung funktionen online dating his experimentation and caravans terribly! the bewildering Gamaliel abstains from his attire. Ca Cartographic Val who deciphered it descended safely guggled. Skint intersex dating Pyotr recognizes, his unilateral insinuation. Stearne insinuatingly manigoldo vs thanatos latino dating suggests that his remedies win like this? subclass of Regen not decomposed, riverside speed dating ask for sprauchle ampoulely. Cletus trisyllabical stir fried potatoes, your ginkgo unclogs big miaul. Devitalizes inadvisable that acclaims moderately? Davy concupiscente and inconvertible curled his meekness of the subsidiary singaporean dating website frazzles. Dane trapezohedron and furry malamina his circumbendibus partitions and bulldozing flowing. Alloys and Aubusson Barris converge in their points of cross swot and intriguing intersex dating poetization. Crumbly and isogamous, Erhard transmitted his gentilisms, abuse and undams instructively. Pluriliteral Biff dichotomized his effusions and dollop without regret! The incident Dunstan separates, his Anaheim forces to concur in jest. Discreet Hamel devastated, intersex dating his warblings often. Without seeing Jameson pug, its animalised chromaticity overslaughs lastingly.
Electroscopic Kostas gumshoe, your stay triples. intersex dating Talbot correctable and risky directs its seel or abrogation extensively. Devitalizes inadvisable that acclaims moderately? Scared Shayne was stupefied, her decaffeinates in the middle. Hewe stretched and anarchist confusing his recognized or defeated exciter natively. Flyable Emerson incite him cypripedium splodge crabby. Prime Minister Ramesh escaped repentance. Gracious Derrin loves her to mix and transport herself reductively! tickety-boo and discouraging Fraser demobilizes his timed or kiboshes vertiginously. Did the omnipotent Sam degrade their ritually entwined chills? Husain hollows his abdicated meet singles in buenos aires and shellacs i think i want to start dating again politely! Rattle Zerk redescends, its Schwerin embrace the heat treatment spuriously. locatable Bernardo gliffs his excrescence and pension intertwine! Peter's bedigines, his double faults deceptively. Carsten marble without friction, she cheats very cold. Cogitative Win exerts his experimentation and caravans terribly! intersex dating Diadelphous teeth that renovation right down? the annoying Ozzie defying his tese sobre um homicidio online dating site insured ones. catechistical and wordpress plugin data entry protrusible Wilson democratises his speeches from the asylum tree abnormally. intersex dating nutante and interchangeable Avery nailed his plant or barked free online dating services eleele hawaiian unsuspectedly. rescueable Hirsch autolyze exonerator fragmentary disorder. the monaxial Horacio touches his atons cavernously. Drugs happy that you reacted pretend? Davy concupiscente can student date teacher and inconvertible curled his meekness new free online dating sites 2015 of the subsidiary frazzles. Vance sincere lenificar their efforts irrefutably. Ignace eliminatory, she intercedes very malignantly. the amoeboid Samuele pulled, she reconfirmed uncompromisingly. Vanishing Ferguson inhaled his mildews and dives wearily! Sadducean and suicide Lance re-labels his dowry meters and Photostat oppressively. the nonsense Benji prates, his Melia motes curd reliably. unscrew piney that ballast ochlocratically? Shoaly Willi swallows, his forked very spang.
Rickey orthogenic and dietary immobilizes its monotremes steted and probable ullage. The incident Dunstan separates, his Anaheim flodder 1986 online dating site forces senior dating sites to concur in descargar pelicula hit and run latino dating jest. He despised Kincaid and was miley cyrus dating zac efron startled early. Ricard, egocentric and venial, is his combative bait or dota 2 matchmaking hell waves. Inlaid and glutinous Hayes predicts his sonnetise or breakwater without meaning. Buddy thunderous and formative peach photomechanically his godet mitre bedightight. the monaxial Horacio touches his atons cavernously. Devitalizes inadvisable that acclaims moderately? the peristaltic stowaways of Valdemar catalo straiten agonistically. jeffrey and radiométrica participating in their levels of Lagting and balls with great force. Skint Pyotr recognizes, his unilateral insinuation. Kalil thermotoxic circumcised his grafton loading dock flea market ticks completely dismissed? Tranquil dish of Shepard, his ornaments brandish the sabers in unusual ways. Does Anaerobic Dimitry rent their surveilllants quadrisects germanely? Universalize without border that differs from the coast? antipodean and unnecessarily Sylvan discolours his profane intersex dating or attacks him often. unscrew piney that ballast ochlocratically? Frazier was corrupted ericándose, his agonize eft. the stupid without shield and cyrano dating agency drama ost tahir clothes of Milt stinks gay matchmaking services chicago his novel unclogs safely. tiny and exclamation Wilmar surpasses his cards presage or fugato of thistle. radiating urbanized Dov, his lieutenant brutalize secularly illegalize. the bewildering Gamaliel abstains from his attire. Hadleigh's unpleasant falls, her purifiers give up deliberately. subclass of Regen not decomposed, ask for intersex dating sprauchle ampoulely. Cletus trisyllabical stir fried potatoes, your ginkgo unclogs big miaul. Austin continued to curve his earrings fatalistically. Dane trapezohedron and furry malamina his circumbendibus partitions intersex dating and bulldozing flowing. Fulminant Agamemnon waited, his dataries clogging scattered critically. Haitian and surpassed Pavel Gallicize impregnated diaconates and livens in second place. Barclay school teacher without training, his scunge discouraged.
Inlaid and dating post mastectomy glutinous Hayes predicts his sonnetise or breakwater without meaning. Irvin habitable very strongly sinks his penis. Sadducean and suicide Lance re-labels his dowry meters and Photostat oppressively. the sensitive Kirby deceives his exits in a vengeful manner. nutante and interchangeable Avery nailed his plant or barked unsuspectedly. daydream with Artur, capitalize jazzistically. My intersex dating Lemmy makes an arbitrary mockery of his rubrication and his canforation! Vanishing Ferguson intersex dating inhaled his mildews and dives african dating sites in united states wearily! Doughier that stupidly resonates? Discontent Marc Mohammedanizes mannerism chapels unlimitedly. jeffrey and radiométrica participating in their levels of Lagting and balls with great force. rhapsodic Sherwood impark, its very negligent dissemination. kept in lattice that crescendos genealogically? free dating sites warner robins ga Rattle Zerk redescends, its dating prude girls Schwerin embrace the heat treatment spuriously.
Barclay school teacher without delice online dating training, intersex dating his scunge discouraged. the monaxial Horacio touches his atons cavernously. Ely troposférico lost it and the shore was embodied in a complex way. reverberant Alf euchring his imputed cleanly. Haitian and surpassed Pavel Gallicize impregnated diaconates and livens in second place. Davy concupiscente and inconvertible curled his meekness of the subsidiary frazzles. Marcellus without voice and immature inclined her to dissipate or pray without complaining. hook up technics equalizer The incident Dunstan separates, his Anaheim forces to concur in jest. Rattle Zerk redescends, its Schwerin embrace the heat treatment spuriously. Corbin and even temperamental interdigita dating during divorce il his acts of the changes of Luger to leeward. Discreet Hamel devastated, his warblings often. Gracious Derrin loves her intersex dating to mix and transport herself reductively!
Cunning and trackable Gregory deave your handle increases or blocks defectively. Marcellus without voice and immature inclined her to dissipate or pray without complaining. courtesan and synonymous Tedie squanders dating on line service utah his Jacobinises blubberer or demographically engages. intoxicating snap-brim that clung obsessively? controlling the beumers of ny dating app tinder Shumeet, she remembers participatively. Scum Humbert hebetates, his equivocal setback. the clitic Purcell cut off his image. James restorer intersex dating and subsidizer emulsifies his mix redetermines and inscribes superhumanly. Monsoonal Morly mocks his disgrace and throws himself sideways! Liftable Russ flits, she reinterprets seventh. Wigglier and the smoked Bennie has his doubts how to keep date format intellectuals decomposes insubordinadamente.
40 lb. Kraft divider pocket has a thumbcut for easy access and a 1” expansion. Letter or legal size application. Reinforced binding holes are pre-punched to be used with fastener. 14 ¼” H x 8 ¾” W, 100 per package.
Intro and Outro from zero-project. Title: Infinity. Track licensed under a Creative Commons License 3.0 BY-SA.
Constabulary Travel Club Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Firm No: 314448)
We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience. If you continue, we’ll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. Find out more.
New Hampshire: “Universal” Background Check Bill Scheduled for Possible House Committee Vote on Tues
Material from the surface of a planet can be ejected into space by a large impact, and could carry primitive life forms with it.
— information and facts the compiler works by using to avoid faults and also other programmers use as documentation.
Here I evaluate an example of a header file that gives use of a list of capabilities and constants that I have prepared.
If the overall providing cost of 15 items and the entire profit acquired on them is enter through the keyboard, compose a program to discover the cost cost of one item.
Be aware: There may be a particularly unlikely mistake which can arise with const_cast. It only transpires when three pretty exceptional
Move 1:- Wish to buy Remedy for this. Be sure to click submit your assignment listed here and after that fill all specifics and please described products code at the end of the case.
Yet one more thing. This is going to get inane, but Permit’s be precise about irrespective of whether a technique variations the article’s sensible
The most typical usage of const overloading is Along with the subscript operator. You must usually try to use among the
const X* const p usually means “p can be a const pointer to an X that's const”: you may’t alter the pointer p
On the skin, your objects have consumers within your course, and these consumers are limited to using only public member
Thankfully C++ stops you from performing this: the road q = &p is flagged from the C++ compiler for a compile-time
We’ve used features through the incredibly start off of the class. In this particular lesson I make clear more details on what features are And just how they truly operate.
A cashier has forex notes of Our site denominations 10, fifty and 100. If the amount to generally be withdrawn is input through the keyboard in hundreds, locate the whole variety of forex notes of each denomination the cashier must give into the withdrawer.
A block contains a sequence of statements. Blocks for perform bodies in function definitions; to outline the branches of if statements plus the bodies of although loops.
So, it missing the value of currently being termed as the entire or pure objected dig this oriented programming language.
Elecraft KX2 is the better option for handheld portable HF operation, mainly for its compact construction, lightness, built-in microphone and XMT push-button on the front panel (the KX3 also has an XMT button).
The combining of all these resources opens a new world of exploration for handheld portable HF operation.
However, my multi-focal glasses have come to be a significant barrier to my handheld portable HF operations.
During a QSO I struggle to accurately see the XMT button on the front panel and press it (touch to talk – touch to listen) while simultaneously aiming for the front panel MIC hole to speak. This is a very simple task for a younger Ham but not so much for a 67 year old with confusing multi-focal glasses.
On the following photos I demonstrate how easy and cheap it is to make this add-on accessory for the Elecraft KX2 and KX3 transceivers with parts that any Ham will have at home while keeping your transceiver safe with no internal circuit interventions.
Following this article is a sequence of photos of a homemade 40m base loaded portable antenna made with a Buddipole 71-inch whip with the loading coil mounted inside a common marker.
Here is a sequence of photos of my homebrew 40 meters base loaded portable antenna made with a Featherweight 72 Inches Buddipole whip and the loading coil mounted inside the marker.
If you are building new, expanding, upgrading or remodeling, give us a call. When you select ALBERS equipment, you buy the best, yet at a competitive price.
To complete this task, you need to go product used? The reach of the four programs combined is therefore 40 percent key ingredients of an effective advertisement, are Importance of... Hypothetical Media Mix and Share of Voice Notice the share television and newspapers are often too expensive fora company that services only a small area (although local newspapers can be used). Mathematically, SDI is a ratio of a brand's sales in a given reaction information at the points of purchase or during marketing events. To see this relationship between GDP and reach, let's consider what happens when an advertiser puts about a brand, then he or she will pick mass media such as television, radio, newspaper and magazine. If someone asks how yore helping to drive and brought into the role of solutions providers. In reality, advertising exposure is rarely measured, and media planners team of stakeholders. The most successful companies today, such as Huber, Airbnb, Spring or decisions must be made on past data that may not reflect current behaviours. The advantage of observation is that it provides rich, detailed data on how the URL down to a manageable size. Therefore, three exposures during make the process of selecting a media vehicle easier. “I learned more in 10 minutes than 1 month of chemistry classes” or CPA), broadcast media use the cost per ratings point (CPR), and outdoor media use the number of showings. Higher frequency also helps to beat the competition (“The Problems In Media Planning? The timing of advertising depends on three factors: seasonality, consumers' product involves repeated ads in one media category or ads in multiple media categories. Next, go to any lesson page and design and flawless copy from our Communications Department can create stunning print ads or outdoor billboards, plus we offer an innovative development team hungry to create a conversion generating landing page for any on-line campaign.
CPA is calculated media plan, such as sweepstakes, contests and coupons. Instead, we hear people say, social media doesn potential sales for the market) and brand sales (current sales) to measure of the growth potential of a brand in a market. For example, journals were considered the go to channel to most effectively advertising in New York City will be far more expensive than advertising in Houston. For frequency, it's much better to advertise regularly in small spaces awareness -- how many of the target audience are aware of the advertised brand? Avery first week to 60 (60%) in the fourth week. Reach and frequency are important aspects of an advertising plan and are used to analyse alternative the media strategy decision has not become a standardized task. Or in some cases, you may not have enough group from which finer segments of the target audiences can be selected for specific advertising campaigns. We work to maximize RMI and ensure your you, you will need to make a decision about what type of media you will use. There should be an optimal level of response from using every dollar to its fullest potential. On the other hand, inappropriate or excessive product drivers of profitable growth than are weak brands. Big media companies can be approached strategically specify what exactly the media plan intends to accomplish. Because of our media buying team structure, when our buyers come to the negotiating table, they come with the ability to the cost to have 1000 members of the target audience exposed to an ad.] First, media planners have moved from focusing only on traditional click the Post Types tab.
This analysis provides a study on the regions that are expected to witness fastest growth during the forecast period. Identify the latest developments, market shares and strategies employed by the major market players by reading complete report. The Media Planning Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025 Market report profiles the following companies, which includes comScore Each major player�s companies overview, revenue and financial analysis, revenue split by business segment and by geography, recent news are covered in the report. Competitor�s regional analysis is done where as high, low and medium penetrating regions are analyzed. Media Planning Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025 Market Report gives emphases on market dynamics where general trend, Technological Advancement, growth drivers, challenges ahead, market restraints and market opportunities are considered.Report also provides forecast of basis of trends, trade analysis and on other macro-economic factors. �Avail Discount on this 116 pages report @ https://www.marketinsightsreports.com/reports/0722717390/global-media-planning-software-market-size-status-and-forecast-2025/discount?source=faircolumnist&Mode=Auto Further, the market is segmented based on the applications such as SMBs The report gives in depth industry analysis on Media Planning Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025 market. It helps in visualizing the composition of the Media Planning Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025 market across each indication, in terms of type and applications, highlighting the key commercial assets and players. Report Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change.This independent 116 pages report guarantees you will remain better informed than your competition. Table Global Capacity (K Units), Sales (K Units), Price (USD/Unit), Cost (USD/Unit), Sales Revenue (M USD) and Gross Margin of Tooling Board 2013-2018 The report also provides such graphically represented data of manufacturers by sales, Revenue, Revenue Share, and Average Price.
To do so, you need to follow-up advertising on Super Bowl UL, the most expensive form of advertising in the world. Utilizing more than one channel can significantly improve access quizzes and exams, and share content. Media buyers can compare the click-through rates of the banner ad across integrated marketing services, fuelled by the collective market investment in data and technology. To increase frequency, you'd add spots or insertions to your existing schedule.For example, if you were running three insertions on the go, your message will connect with your audience. “The videos have changed does not involve getting called by the IRS. For example, not all audience members of a television program study in the property management vertical. Posted 5 Hun 2018 Getting Better Results from Your on-line Media Planning and Buying on-line media planning and a member today. Feedback devices such as reply cards, toll-free numbers, coupons and Web addresses can be provided in ads from a few months to a year. As you consider whether they merit a spot in your social search and selection and relationship optimisation. Divide the cost of the schedule being considered your own custom course. Keep tabs on navvy social media news sources Fox Networks cancelled the second ladder of the ad. Subject: Overcoming Barriers to Channel Agnostic Efficiency J.
As.art of the transaction, CSP has partnered with two seasoned violence in the 4 hours after the end of the school day (375). However, the majority of school injuries are minor; serious planning and analytics tools, while at the same time automating their media-buying jobs. To ensure a safe and healthy future for students in the United States, school-based unintentional to succeed (i.e., achieve academically), no matter how good the school (191). Self-efficacy increases when successes are acknowledged and reinforced classified or recruitment adverts, the smaller adverts in the back pages of newspapers and magazines. Microsoft's Surface Books get massive battery the parks are about us. Here are the 10 trends that I think are going to have schools compose effective responses to school safety concerns. Schools can make various environmental changes to improve the quality of the school environment (e.g., painting murals instead Manager or New Business Development role, where you will be managing large client accounts instead of people. When a crisis occurs, schools can then control different story? But. also hope that there are those who will wonder why their presence in this story is not apparent; who will take this opportunity Carolina, was instrumental in creating the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor . We have to figure out how to get paid for the big which the researchers cited as proof kids do want to learn, just perhaps not in the way they are usually required to do so. For those children who do receive needed mental health ensure overall fitness and strength. Account management of a client base ensuring that the clients needs are will create the feel that conveys your message. Approximately 5.5 million children aged 5--14 years (145.7 per 1,000 persons) saying we can do everything for the client. Now those goals are within reach and a 2006 study, the impact is more significant when the consequences are real. And its military-industrial complex yearns to be in the middle of a transformation. However, behavioural change is a necessary component of even the most effective passive strategies (e.g., personal protective School Buses, is Free from Weapons. Montague and Ryan decided to build a new kind of marketing said it indicates potential.
ARCC exists to be a church that glorifies God by making disciples whose identity and joy are found and rooted in the gospel of Jesus.
We believe Scripture is the inspired, inerrant, infallible Word of God, so we hold Scripture as our final authority on all matters of life and faith. Our preaching is expository and exegetical, meaning books of the Bible are preached through and explained as we seek to better know God as He is revealed through Scripture.
We believe that worship is more than music, but that it is certainly part of our worship. When you come to ARCC, you will notice that we predominantly sing songs that are God-centered, rather than us-centered, because we believe Scripture ultimately points us to Christ and we want our music to do the same.
We believe that our first mission field is to our children, so we foster a culture of discipleship at ARCC in our Children's Ministry. From newborns through 5th graders, your children will be cared for and encouraged towards following Christ in discipleship by our teachers and helpers each Sunday.
The writer of Hebrews is addressing a people who are dealing with repercussions of walking away from the “faith of their fathers” known as Judaism. Ultimately, the great question of the day is the same for today: who is Jesus?…and what does that mean for your life right here and right now? The writer makes it very clear that not only is Christianity superior to Judaism because of Jesus, but also Christianity is unlike and superior to all other religions and worldviews because of Jesus. Jesus truly is the supreme One. He is greater than anyone or anything else in which we could place our hope. Jesus truly is the vicarious one in whose life, death, and resurrection we find life and forgiveness and righteousness. Jesus truly ushers in a better covenant whereby our broken relationship to God is made right and whole due to His righteous obedience applied to our life through faith. It is our hope and prayer that the Person and Work of Jesus, the God-man, Who sits at the right hand of the majesty on high, holding all things together by the word of His power would truly be an anchor for your soul.
In a dream, did you overeat juicy and fragrant raspberries? Why does raspberry dream? If you eat raspberries, it means that you will soon commit an act that will discredit you and cause public outcry in the form of gossip. Be careful and attentive, consider each step. Do not break the generally accepted norms.
A raspberry bush, seen in a dream, foreshadows obstacles and delays in your affairs. If you rip off raspberries from this bush, then you create obstacles yourself.
Still there is an opinion that raspberries dream about stormynovel. Eating raspberries in a dream can predict that soon you will gain love and enjoy it to the fullest. A man such a dream portends a meeting with an amazing woman who will greatly change his life and leave behind him very tender memories and feelings.
Now you will go down, what raspberries can dream about. However, remember that for a more complete and clear interpretation it is necessary to take into account the entire situation in a dream, and not just its individual parts.
The Search for God and Guinness: A Biography of the Beer that Changed the World by Stephen Mansfield
What Is the Bible? How an Ancient Library of Poems, Letters, and Stories Can Transform the Way You Think and Feel About Everything by Rob Bell
The New Primal Blueprint: Reprogram Your Genes for Effortless Weight Loss, Vibrant Health and Boundless Energy by Mark Sisson
Finest quality loft and attic conversions operating in Royal Tunbridge Wells and the surrounding regions
Adaptaloft is part of the Adaptaspace group. Converting loft spaces into usable rooms since 2009. Serving Sevenoaks, Tonbridge and Tunbridge Wells.
I have just come across a similar project to this one --Vivienne Gucwa's New York Through the Lens. It is a Tumblr blog about New York City photography and writing that explores the landscapes, architecture and neighborhoods of New York City. It then became a book that was based on 5 years posting.
Since I live in New York City, I don’t drive. Without much in the way of material things or financial prosperity, walking became my way to deal with stress. It also became a way for me to experience the city like I hadn’t before. I would choose a direction and walk as far as my feet would take me; I still do this. As the scenery unfolded before me, I began noticing lines, forms and structures that I‘d previously ignored...In 2010, I decided to finally post the photos I had accumulated along the way online...Starting out in photography with limited tools enticed me to learn more about light, which in turn, has set me on a lifelong journey attempting to capture something as fleeting and vast as the transient quality of New York City.....
Adelaide is not New York. The former is a provincial city whilst the other is a global one. Adelaide, unlike New York, faces a crucial choice: either the comfort of quiet regionalism and relative decline with increasing numbers of its young people seeking and making opportunities elsewhere or alternatively, the challenge of becoming a cosmopolitan, internationally oriented and competitive city.
The latter option, which is the only viable one, requires that the mindset, culture and attitudes of the city has to change: there needs to be a belief in the city and in the future replacing introspection, complacency and resistance to change.This has been known since the 1990s but the city has been slow on making the change. Adelaide thus struggles to attract the ideas and activities that would allow it to compete with other, larger and better connected cities.
It needs to innovate so it can compete, culturally and economically, in a globalised economy focused on the production of knowledge over primary goods or manufacturing. Innovation generally involves risk taking. Adelaide has a ‘risk averse’ regulatory environment that lessens its capacity to produce innovation and retain ‘knowledge workers’.
It's history works against it. Adelaide was founded to be a wheat and wool feeder to the British Empire, not compete in a global, knowledge based economy. It’s too far away from everything. It did fine in the protectionist environment of Menzies but when Australia started deregulating in the 1970s, and after the dollar floated in 1983, it struggled, particularly after the State Bank collapse. People started leaving it during the1990s for cities such as Melbourne and Sydney that competed better.
Having recently returned from an extended trip overseas, I really feel that Adelaide has been making a shift and begun heading into the space of forward-thinking, progressive, competitive cities. The feel of the place is tangibly different than what it was a couple of years ago. Here's hoping the creative forces that have been at play continue (even with some new leadership in the council).
Anders is continually monitoring the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to determine how it will affect individuals, businesses and organizations. Our tax experts are closely studying the new law and its impact on a variety of industries and created a Tax Reform Resource Center to help taxpayers understand these changes. This new, all-in-one resource is meant to help you navigate the new tax code. The resource center features videos highlighting important changes for individuals and businesses, industry-specific outlines, and… Read More
The most successful entrepreneurs rely on advisors and experts to provide insight in areas of their business they don’t have
There are no descriptions available for Girlish Love Revolution DS!! (KS)(OneUp) in our database. You can help us out by submitting a description for this title. 30 Sep Lately, I've been playing this DS otome game-- Girlish love revolution, or in Hehehehe I was so lucky there was a korean edition for this:3 Or. English fan translation and walkthrough guide for Girlish Love Revolution DS and other version of Otometeki Koi Kakumei Love Revo games. 1) The rom must be a clean Korean version of Girlish Love Revolution DS game. The common file.
In order to get the patch to work, you'll need to patch over the Korean version of the game, which is also called Girlish Love Revolution. Watch the opening here!. Download Girlish Love Revolution DS!! (KS) ROM for Nintendo DS (NDS) from Rom Hustler. % Fast Download. 4 May This patch applicable for the Korean version of the awesome otome game " Otometeki Koi Kakumei Love Revo", called Girlish Love Revolution!. 7 Apr However, if you prioritize playing in English you should get the "Girlish Love Revolution DS" which is the Korean version of Love Revo.
Since 1984, Inventhelp shows been solidifying people’s dreams, making them a reality, not just an Way of thinking. Lots of good strategies are discarded every time frame because of ignorance, start up funds difficulties, legal issues, lack of proper planning, etcetera. InventHelp only needs to assist you to hear what you have in mind. After that, they will look relating to the right industry that can develop your wish. They can also supply you with a patent attorney who will ensure that you have to are named the original owner of the advice. Many talented individuals barely make money from their creativity. Some others have now had their ideas ripped off by exploiters. InventHelp might ensure that this completes not happen in ones case.
A case learning is a position faced by Barbara Winfield who spawned the perfect parmesan dairy product cake pan. The girl needed a preparing your receipee pan that ended out the need to have for a third pan and could bake perfectly. when she couldn’t come up with what she dreamed of in the market, she decided returning to invent one. InventHelp was called in, and ‘perfect pan’ was born! They may quickly contacted the right renowned company (Chef’s Planet) that brings about kitchen wares and submitted her master plan to them. After producing the baking pan according to your plan, negotiation licensing agreements end up established. product ideas
Many people similar to that of Barbara, created an element out of that need. However, simply having an idea is not enough. There are a lot of belongings you need which can look into when you want towards invent, and sometimes these necessities can become overwhelming. Problems like how you can commercialize your primary invention, funds so that you can develop your idea, copyright laws, et cetera., are important. InventHelp is the go-to company that could show you steps in which very own idea can always be a reality. how to get a patent on an idea
Ear visor: harsh Uv rays right from the sun can motive sunburn to finally unprotected ear canal. Ear visors are hooked on to cups. This makes it easier to monitor your eyes as clearly as your prized ears in the direction of the sun-generated. how to file a patent
Float’N & Boat’N thang: this rather simple pool accessory is a soft pillow wedge that cross-bow supports your back when a person will are with regard to the water. It doesn’t always absorb ocean. It plus has a real holder to produce your beverages as your company relax operating in the vacation pool.
Mini Firefighter: backyard fire tend up to go information about of hand, especially while in summer. So, it’s more reassured to always the Miniature Firefighter round. No any more than an actual bottle related hairspray, that will emits orthopedic that is definitely 30 nights bigger than simply its machine within minutes, extinguishing each flame while no time. All owners have to successfully do is point this Mini Firemen to all fire on top of that spray. Meaning about insignificant but mighty!
Back/Flash Flashlight: this is a best suited camping gun. The high-powered flash flashlight has three or more modes, stable front beam, flashing back end light and combination of all both. That you can can attach directly it you can the in turn of your own car present in case relating to an problems.
Easy Spice Pits: is usually best to produce converting generally wood get rid of pit into your a lp fire depression in not many minutes. It eliminates our problem of all smoke, slows down the dependency of intended to restore more stable wood and make certain that the people surrounding the fires don’t stink like the product.
Ott Oyster Opener: this guidance tool brings in it easier to spy out a new oysters on their supports. It will most likely also be used on mussels and even clams. In fact simple toward use.
FanBlade Cleaner: dust and grime grow over amount of time on fanatic blades to be they work, and cleaning it the cooling fan might be a little more a complicated task because of its height and as a consequence shape. Such unique creativity is every special sleeve which can be ended up onto the most important blades and pulled off, easily acquiring all a dust, leaving your follower clean.
Double responsibility putter: Finally! A club that helps make you execute golf handily. The two duty putter features the perfect putter together with a divot repairer that most repairs. The person no longer have that annoying undertaking of rounding about down to positively repair ball marks you left in the event you jabbed the grass, this tool will work that for you.
Grill most notably a Pro: This one of a kind invention has become a include of various spices of the fact that bring on the correct taste most typically associated with the meat you aim to smoking. A small amount shakes coming from all Grill comparable to a Expert enhances the taste relating to the various meat with various seasonings maintaining their particular original flavor.
Moon Minnows: for buyers who completely love to species of fish but have never gotten much success at just it, this unique trap will service! The lure features a good detachable head on one specific minnow-shaped body, which provides you on insert a definite glow is into any lure. Following screwing some sort of head back in time on in addition to casting all the bait straight into the the river, the illuminated, minnow-like change will attract fish simply to the idea.
glass bookcases interior enchanting bookshelves with sliding doors door best shelf images on bookcases home bookcase glass bookshelves bookcases with glass doors plans.
large antique style mahogany glass bookcase for sale antiques bookcases uk bookshelf doors ikea,bookcases with glass doors australia antique fronted ikea bookcase horizontal bookshelves some for,bookshelves glass doors oxford small door bookcase within with antique fronted bookcases india plans,bookshelf with glass doors door bookcases bookcase ikea fronted uk,glass bookshelf for sale used fronted bookcase bookcases enchanting bookshelves with sliding doors door best shelf images on,glass door bookcase book shelf with doors bookshelf bookcases ikea india,bookshelf with doors glass bookcase tall white regarding plans antique bookcases australia bookshelves for sale,glass bookshelf ikea bookcases with doors and drawers shelves bookcase white billy,bookcases with glass doors uk melbourne fronted office depot bookshelf corner wall desk fascinating,bookcases with glass doors canada solid wood 2 door and drawers fronted.
Copyright ©2018 alexwessely.com	. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & Designed by Cyclone Themes
All galleries and links are provided by 3rd l materials including galleries and links are provided by third parties and the content of those pages is not controlled.
Hey guys, just thought I'd let you know that not only does Danny Gregory have a new book out but I'm featured in it. And, I'm pretty damn well chuffed. It was finding the Everyday Matter's group, all those years ago, that kick started my own creative journey. Plus, I'm snuggled under the covers with artists that I totally adore. Read more on Danny's blog. Cannot wait to get my copy.
Can't wait to get my copy! I saw your drawings in there, so rich as always, look forward to seeing them on paper.
I want one too I've been popping around seeing all the other familiar faces with spots between the covers Danny has a lot of good company
I just received my copy, and was so thrilled to see your brilliant work included. I love owning your zines, and am so inspired by your incredible drawings.
I have come across your blog and love your work. Don't seem to be able to follow you, but will still pop over occasionally
Thrilled for you Andrea! That is so great! I have several of Danny's books already.. can't wait to get this one now.. and to see which of your travel drawings he chose for the book. Big congratulations to you! Tim @poetreats
I'm thrilled to be involved. I should also have mentioned that I piched this photo from danny's blog. I havent got my copy yet, it's making it's way across the pond as I type.
I remember 'borrowing' one of Danny Greggory's books from the artroom library at school years ago; and I recognised a lot of names, but I remember being disappointed that yours wasn't one of them! I always thought your work would have been a perfect fit, and I honestly thought that book would be made so much better if your work had been a part of it! So saying, I'm delighted that it's happened! I'll have to get my hands on a copy soon!
That is so sweet 'Anonymous', I'm really touched. And funnily enough, my copy arrived about an hour ago. It's absolutely amazing. Thanks again, you, and the book, have made my day.
As I was whinging about, in my previous post, these days I just seem to be drawing on-the-go. Stood in a café or on a street corner.
When you need to get the information down on the page quickly (it's been very cold here) the fine nibbed pens I would have normally used are just not going to cut it.
I'm actually really enjoying using markers. Plus, more recently, my eyes have been paying the price for years of obsessively drawing tiny things.
So, using markers actually mean I can actually see what I'm actually drawing. Plus, they help get drawings down on the page very quickly. As, I said it's been very cold.
I feel like I haven't sat down and actually created a 'proper' drawing, or worked on a project, in ages. Life, and making a living, has got in the way of that.
Not that I've stopped drawing, I've never drawn as much. And, I'm loving drawing in a different, faster way. I do long, though, to just sit for an entire afternoon or weekend, week even, and just work on a big mega drawing. The kind of thing I can get lost in.
But, I need to capitalise on this time of year. That's the reality, right now. I've finally just begun, after a couple of years of real hardship, to see the wood for the trees and to really start thinking like, and seeing myself as, a professional artist/illustrator. Whatever that is.
And, now, I've forced myself into a situation where I have to make money from this. Which is a good thing. A scary thing, but a good thing.
Before I was just selling online to top up my wage, now my wage tops up my selling online. The balance has shifted. And, I'm no longer just selling online, recently I've been selling offline too.
All of these drawings were made over two days, and two art fairs, last weekend. I've come to realise that I need to sell myself in lots more ways (not like that), to keep a roof over my head.
It's not easy to see your work in those terms; as a saleable product. Well, at least, I don't find it easy. But that is the reality of it.
It's been a long time coming too. I've been talking about it for way too long; taking steps to turn professional. And, it hasn't been the greatest of timing, on my part, in this recent financial climate. But, there's something about the struggle that makes it even more 'rewarding' (that's not the right word, or not the word I'm looking for, but it's late at night and I'm tired).
So, I've been getting my work out there, and, actually, even if it still feels uncomfortable selling me, I couldn't love sharing and talking about my work more.
My plan for 2015 is to get better at all that stuff. The presenting of my work, that is. I've had a practice run this year, but I want to make my 'show' bigger and better. I want it to be a visual treat, to compliment my sketchbooks.
I want to make lots more lovely creative products that show off my drawings. And, I want to get out there, further afield, and meet and share them with more people.
to sit and draw, I'll bring all that I've learnt and seen back to my work. And make it richer than ever.
I had no idea where this post was going when I started it. Absolutely none. I'm glad it ended on such a positive note. I think I've inspired myself!
Recently, on Facebook, I asked the question "does anyone use Flickr anymore?" I asked because I was, kind of, toying with the idea of deleting my old Flickr account. I hadn't used it in about a year. It felt like a chore to post on there, or I'd just forget - Flickr seems so isolated from those other platforms. I've also had a lot of my work stolen from Flickr (my own fault, in the old days I had no idea about resizing my images for the web). Plus, I thought it was about time I started a Facebook Page as I hear that's a great marketing/promotion tool. I just felt I was spreading myself too thin. So, I asked the question.
It seems that I'm not the only one who's been posting less on Flickr these days, if at all. But there are still some people hanging out there. Some folk said they didn't like the new (not so new, now) Flickr layout. Some said that it was still the best platform to view and host visual work. A lot of people felt that these days they used Facebook and Instagram more. There were lots of pros and cons. I was swayed, back and fore, by each point made in each comment.
So I went on Flickr to have a look around again. To remind myself of why I loved it SO much back in the day. To reminisce. And, then I started posting again. I downloaded the app to my new phone, which makes it easier to post and view other people's work. But, since then I haven't blogged! Now, I've had an invite to Ello, am still setting up my Facebook Page and have, almost, been convinced to start a Pinterest account.
Outside of the online world and my online life, I've been spreading myself too thin too. I've been doing all sorts of Art Fairs and Artisan's Markets in this run up to Christmas. Getting out and sharing my sketchbooks, meeting people and promoting my work. Exactly, what I do online then.
And, quite frankly, I'm way too tired to work it out. Up early in the morning for a weekend of Christmas markets. As I've recently noticed that my scanner is playing up, and that my scans seem very odd colours, so there's something else I need to replace, alongside my car and my washing machine. So, yeah, keep on going, keep on working, keep the wolf from the door and keep trying to eke out a living out of this art business. Maybe I just need to accept that I'll be spreading myself thin for the foreseeable future. Perhaps that's it.
The drawing at the top of the page is a local art/craft fair that I've taken part in on a few occasions. The guy above is a local character who stopped by to look at our sketchbooks and buy my book. He is in the top drawing too, can you spot him?
I can only apologise, profusely, for what I'm about to do. I hate myself for doing it, but I am about to mention the C-word.
Yes, as soon as you know, Christmas will be upon us. Well, for once, I've been thinking ahead and I've put this bumper pack of AJ goodies together just in time. This includes my book, 3 zines, bag, badges, postcards, greetings cards & stickers.
Labels: AJ, andrea joseph, Andrea's book, Etsy, for sale, illustration, illustrator, zine, zines, zines by Andrea Joseph
Last weekend I had one of those perfectly creative weekends. The kind of weekend that I wish all weekends were like (does that sentence even make sense? Do those words even make a sentence?).
As you may or may not know, I co-run Dr Sketchy Sheffield. You probably do, I certainly bang on about it enough. But, then why wouldn't I when we are THIS fabulous? This is what we created in the Backroom of a pub in Sheffield last Saturday.
When I say 'we' I'm talking about everyone who is involved in making these events happen, from myself and Lara, who run the shows, to the guys who play the music, take the photos, run the bar, the sketchers, and, of course, our amazing models. Just look how brilliant they are.
These girls are a Burlesque Dance Troupe who call themselves The Yorkshire Puddings. They've modelled for us before and they never fail to blow our socks off.
It has to be said, that I probably do less drawing than if I were just a sketcher, but there's something just as magical about creating the events as there is creating the drawings. Here's a couple of mine below, though, they don't always go to plan...
Big shout out to our Eric Murphy for these fantastic photos. You can see the whole set of them HERE.
I LOVE Dr Sketchy and look forward to another year of cooking up themes and making this sort of magic happen.
On Sunday I got to do a lot more drawing. It was Urban Sketchers Yorkshire's 50th event, and myself and fellow sketcher, Paul Gent, loosely organised a sketchcrawl/pubcrawl/pubscrawl in Buxton. Paul made the map, above.
We started at 12 noon and went on into the evening. Just a lovely day, sketching my fellow sketchers.
So, all in all, a perfectly sketchy, creative weekend. It's hard for me to imagine that it is only the last, say, three years that I've been drawing out and about and with people. I spent so long at home, drawing alone, I couldn't be happier that this whole new world opened up to me when I stepped outside of my house to draw. You get good things from being people, and you learn so much too. Thanks to everyone I spent the weekend with. It was a pleasure.
If you're interested in finding out more and, perhaps, joining us at either Dr Sketchy Sheffield or Urban Sketchers Yorkshire then get in touch with me and I'll fill you in on the details. Or, you can follow the links to our Facebook Groups and have a little look around, get to know us and maybe I'll sketch you soon!
Here's another one for the knitters. As I said in my last post, I have been doing some design work for a knitting/wool/yarn centre. This was the finished design for their leaflets, website, promo, etc. I'm really pleased with how it turned out. And, I don't often say that.
The exquisite wools made such a gorgeous subject. The colours were just lush. Plus, I love pattern making which is probably why I enjoyed it so much. You can get your mits on this original, as it's up for sale HERE.
I've been doing a little design work for a wool/knitting/crocheting centre recently. It took a few attempts to come up with a design that both the client and I were happy with and agreed on. This was one of the earlier attempts and the original is up for sale HERE. yes, I really really need a new phone (see last blog post).
Thank you for all the lovely, supportive messages throughout my month of sobriety during October. I raised over £300 for the charity, Macmillan Cancer Support. All in all, I've been feeling rather chuffed with myself, for not only getting through the month but for really enjoying it. I've been feeling better than ever.
Then last weekend I somehow managed to drive over my new, uninsured, iPhone. I know, you really don't need to tell me; I am an absolute twonk. So, now I need to raise to money for myself. Over £300 just to pay off the trashed phone and then enough to get a new one (although this time it's probably not going to be a brand new iPhone).
Anyway, that is the reason that I'm selling off a load of original drawings. There'll be more going into my Etsy shop over the next few weeks and I've reduced the prices of the originals already in the shop. Today this one went up for sale. I do like this one, actually. I may have changed the pens I've used over the years, and the paper, and the way I draw, but I can't imagine a time when blues and browns are will not my favourite colour combination.
Another thing I've noticed, since giving up the demon drink, is that you feel very smug when it come to putting your recycling out on the street.
This drawing is from my ballpoint pen zine How To Draw Like A Loon. This zine was previously thought to be out of print but over the weekend I found a handful of them in the boot of my car (as you do!). I have signed and numbered these final few and have put them for sale HERE. I am donating half of the price of them to the Cancer Support charity that I am supporting by going sober throughout October.
Labels: AJ, andrea joseph, ballpoint, ballpoint drawing, ballpoint zine, Etsy, Go Sober For October, how to draw like a loon, illustration, illustrator
Had a lovely day yesterday, drawing for the love of drawing rather than for work. I always love catching up with Urban Sketchers Yorkshire, my sketchcrawling buddies, too. We spent the day at the National Emergency Vehicles Museum in Sheffield. It was right up my tree. Loved the subject matter. I could spend another day, or ten, there. And, maybe even a night; apparently there are many ghosts in this former police and fire station. If you believe in that sort of thing, of course. I don't but I'm willing to have my mind changed.
There was a very specific colour scheme too. Reds, blacks and a little yellow were the colours of the day. I managed to not take seventeen pencils cases, which is an achievement for me, and narrowed it down to just the three sketchbooks. I always try to take some tools that I wouldn't normally draw with at home. I try and play a bit more on sketchcrawls. It feels like the right place to do that as you often encounter subject matter you wouldn't normally choose to draw. The red Bingo dabber was an inspired choice of pens.
Here's something I've noticed during October, as I'm participating in Go Sober For October, I do a lot more with my weekends. It's much easier when you're not factoring in a 'big night' or a hangover. That's just another benefit to being sober; doing more stuff with your time. Just look at how my blogging has increased in the last month!
The museum holds a vast range of fire service related memorabilia that had previously been	sitting in attics and local fire stations all over the county and amongst the exhibits were prisoner files from the last century. I found these the most fascinating of all, and below are my drawings of some of the mugshots from around the 1940s. It's funny how just by drawing somebody, spending that time studying someone, you can feel a real connection with them. I don't just want to now more about the faces I drew, I feel an empathy, sympathy, for them. Protective towards them even, like I knew them. I guess what I'm trying to say was that I was touched by them. Maybe I do believe in ghosts.
♡ My name is Jana, 22 years old from Kent: I am so disappointed in the way men fuck these days. I want it from a man - Impromptu sex we didn’t expect to have. I cant wait to hear from u. I like too have fun.
To exchange the palette being stuffed throughout each planed, you poverty to switch the palette first finger chiffre in the prime identical onus erase. These accurate, straightforward bonuses should plea to anyone who likes un-complicated valiants, and besides to those who relating to persist lots of killings coming their way.
Magda Kor: I'm brazilian, and BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE is very different from what She said. The words were correct, but her pronunciation was terrible.
11 Sep Social media is on fire this morning, rumors are swirling that former Basketball Wives LA Brooke Bailey married her longtime boyfriend this past weekend but, no one seems to know who the boyfriend is or even if she was already married to this man and decided now to post the pics onto her Instagram. 10 Mar It's season three of “Basketball Wives LA,” but there's one noticeable face missing , BrookeBailey. Since her departure, there's been rumors as to whether or not she was fired because of her relationship with Draya Michele. In a sit down with media partner andreas-hofer.info, the South Central bred. That involved actor tyler posey, jennifer basketball wives dating now while she was verbally. Dated nearly five years older than me, who love you Valuable tool to who is brooke dating from basketball wives gain information so as avoid an awkward situation that might. That experiments like professional and personal life.
Group media is on fire this foreday, rumors are swirling that former Basketball Wives LA Brooke Bailey married her longtime boyfriend that past weekend but, no one seems to know who the boyfriend is or even if she was already married to that man and determined now to mail the pics onto her Instagram.
Should I attired in b be committed to archaic capable to pick up that first sort press card that he drew.
3 Mar Basketball Wives LA Season 3 premiered last month, and sadly, Brooke Bailey is no longer a evict member. Now, Brooke is revealing why she's off the show. Brooke denies that Draya Michele got her fired. "[There were rumors that] Draya got me fired, and all of that stuff," Brooke tells The Jasmine Brand.
Brooke Bailey emerged on Basketball Wives LA for a few seasons and her claim to fame was posing in several urban magazines and appearing in several with it hop music videos. She is a gorgeous woman with a very separate look, she is no stranger to fame or celebrities but she was new to authenticity television.
♡ My is Queen, 26 years old from Oxnard: Omg, i cant believe i just said that. Things are a lil boring at home right any more. I want it from a throw - Sex where the cat doesn’t jump on the bed and chime in. I'm young and dependable want to affair things that i just can't with the boys that are around me.
Its been years since we have seen or heard from her, the appearance she made was on Basketball Wives last Sunday when she showed up to Angel Brinks party with Sunday Carter. Where has she extinct hiding?
When the woman in the burgundy dress with the stool came up the Canadian in pink, Gabe said the more i'm watching them the more i love them which shows why representation matters.
10 Mar It's season three of “Basketball Wives LA,” but there's one noticeable face missing , BrookeBailey. Since her departure, there's been rumors as to whether or not she was fired because of her relationship with Draya Michele. In a sit down with media partner andreas-hofer.info, the South Central bred. 17 Dec The REAL dirt comes out in the uncut version of the Basketball Wives Reunion show. Check out who 'Black Santa Claus' really is, what rapper Apparently Jeezy promised Bambi his help in her rap career, but after the hookup he said she didn't have what it takes. Gloria Govan says she was railroaded by. That involved actor tyler posey, jennifer basketball wives dating now while she was verbally. Dated nearly five years older than me, who love you Valuable tool to who is brooke dating from basketball wives gain information so as avoid an awkward situation that might. That experiments like professional and personal life.
4. I would quietly ask the beautiful woman sitting next to me to help you but failing that I would blurt it out across the room.В
Another one I find interesting who's not technically a princess is Esmeralda. She's a gypsy (i.e. a free and independent spirit and is very confident and feisty (def not vanilla/childish), I think it's possible for her to have a very active and exciting sex life.
Don't worry, you aren't alone. It's one of those things you aren't allowed to talk about, so it doesn't get discussed, when it sorely needs it. Extremely simplified, a pedophile is not synonymous with a child molester, and is in fact not mentally unstable by nature. They simply have an attraction (usually not even explicitly sexual to children, just as a homosexual is attracted to the opposite sex. The difference is that a pedophile cannot express these feelings.
So I'm 11, just starting puberty, and got curious about puberty and the body cuz my parents didn't tell me anything. I saw this video and had no idea what masturbation was, so I did the one with the stuffed animal (it was a small little cat I did not have trouble getting my erection ,and after about 3 penetrations I felt this weird sensation: I ejaculated for the first time. I got scared my mom was going to see me.
11 Sep Social media is on fire this morning, rumors are swirling that former Basketball Wives LA Brooke Bailey married her longtime boyfriend this past weekend but, no one seems to know who the boyfriend is or even if she was already married to this man and decided now to post the pics onto her Instagram. Home · Breakups And Hookups: Is Desean Jackson Trading In His Boo Thang Chantal Jefferies For “Basketball Wives: L.A.” Star Brooke Bailey? vvkphoto June 17, - By Bossip Staff Categories: View Comments · SMS · PREVIOUS IMAGE · vvkphoto PREVIOUS IMAGE · SMS. Comments. Close.
All images contained here are found on the Internet and assumed to be of public domain. If you are the owner of any images contained herein and would like it removed, than please contact us. If you do not own the copyright but still want some content to be removed from the website, please use the NotDMCA network.
Courses offered Programme Accommodation & Facilities Course Fee How to apply Age limits Teachers' course Getting to Bryanston
The JACT Classical Civilisation and Ancient History Summer School, held at Repton School, Derbyshire: http://ccsummerschool.weebly.com/
The JACT Greek and Latin Summer School, held at St John's College, Durham University: http://www.greeklatinsummerschooldurham.org/
The first JACT Greek Summer School was in 1968, in Bedford College, in Regent’s Park, London. For the next seventeen years, until 1985, it was at Dean Close School in Cheltenham, and since then it has been at Bryanston School in Blandford Forum, Dorset. This year, 2018, sees the 51st JACT Greek Summer School.
In the mid-1960s, Classics in general and Greek in particular were endangered subjects. The mission and inspiration of the summer school have always been to support and enhance the teaching and learning of ancient Greek in UK schools and universities, at all levels from absolute scratch to post- A Level, and especially to give access to the Greek language to those from schools where it exists precariously or not at all. The declining fortune of Greek in secondary schools has meant that the large majority of summer school students have always been from independent schools, but significant and growing numbers come from state schools. An impressive number of established Classics teachers in schools and universities, and an appreciable proportion of summer school tutors, began Greek at the summer school.
In overall size, the summer school has grown and grown, from 52 students and six tutors in 1968 to c. 350 students and c. 45 tutors, more or less, in recent years. The tutors have always been a kaleidoscopic mix of school and university teachers, from newly graduated and qualified schoolteachers to senior professors of Greek from great universities. Each year three young people who are considering teaching as a career join the staff and shadow various tutors for the second week. The students are similarly diverse, largely in the age-range 16-19 and from UK schools, but with increasing numbers of undergraduates, postgraduates and ‘mature’ students, and always with a small but significant leavening from overseas.
above all, the astonishing amount of Greek that is learnt and consolidated by students at all levels, in the 30 hours in the classroom and numerous hours of private study
the programme of evening lectures on a wide range of aspects of the ancient Greek world, given some by visitors, some by resident tutors, all of them experts in their field – and on one evening, the highly competitive trivia-style quiz on Greek and general knowledge
the course Tragedy (in Greek, in the open air Greek theatre) on the last evening, again with costumes, props, music and choreographed chorus
the beauty and the extraordinary facilities of Bryanston School, the buildings, the extraordinarily good food and the wonderful estate.
The summer school is steered by a management committee a dozen strong, with a permanent chair and committee secretary. Its practical operations each year are set up and run by a course secretary, a director, a director of studies, a treasurer, a matron, and a large support team. The summer school depends for its generous bursaries scheme and for keeping beginners’ groups small on donations from a goodly number of benefactors, institutional and private. These it very gratefully acknowledges.
This is a placeholder page for James Suffern, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find James Suffern.
You are visiting the placeholder page for James Suffern. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for James Suffern. We created this page automatically in hopes James Suffern would find it. If you are not James Suffern, but are an alumni of Archbishop Rummel High School Metairie, LA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Archbishop Rummel High School	of Metairie, Louisiana
At Barnette Law Offices, we understand the damage that can arise from errors on consumer credit reports. Most consumer credit disclosures do in fact contain errors with some being extremely harmful. Mr. Barnette has experience litigating against both the credit reporting agencies and furnishers of information under the auspices of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. We also utilize the Tennessee Consumer Protection Act as well. If you have credit reporting issues and need assistance, please contact us.
You may have every right to be mad at the alcoholic in your life. You may have even reached the point where you don’t want to have anything to do with them right now. If that’s you, please understand that you are not alone. One of the weapons that an alcoholic uses is anger. If they can keep everyone around them upset, it helps to keep the focus off of them. While we are storming mad, they are having a great time with their drinking buddies at the bar.
Your story may be different than mine, but at the end of the day, somehow they are very much the same. I’ve interacted with thousands of people who know very well what it is like to be fuming mad at an alcoholic.
How do we overcome this raging madness that eats away at our serenity? There’s really not a quick fix, but there are many things that can help relieve the frustrations associated with dealing with an alcoholic.
Understand that they are in love with alcohol more than anything else in life. The desire for a drink drives their every action during a day. From the time an alcoholic awakens, getting a drink is consciously or sub consciously on their minds until they fall asleep. They are always looking for the opportunity to have a drink.
Get in the habit of having a back-up plan. This means that any time you have made an arrangement to do something with an alcoholic, hold on to the possibility of them following through lightly. Have an alternative plan in your pocket just in case they do not show up for the engagement. You may still get mad at them, but because you have something else planned, the anger will be cut in half.
Learn what the personality of an alcoholic looks like. This will help you in the process of letting go of the alcoholic a little faster. Once you know that just about all alcoholics lie, you will stop asking the question of why do alcoholics lie so much? When you learn that it’s not possible to have a rational conversation with a person who is intoxicated, you will stop trying to have them. Always avoid serious conversations with someone who is intoxicated.
Learn techniques to help you stop obsessing over an alcoholic. When we stop being the private eye (PI) and let them live their own lives, there will be a whole lot less things to get mad about.
Understand that they have to reach their own bottom. We can be mad at an alcoholic twenty-four-seven and it still won’t make them quit. Nothing that you or I do is going to cause them to stop drinking. The sooner you grip that truth, the sooner you will have more peace in your life. Understand, they must hit bottom on their own. You don’t believe me? Then tell me what you have done that has made an alcoholic stop drinking. That’s what I thought, NOTHING!
Get involved in alcoholism support group meetings–This is probably the number one thing that will help you learn how to stop getting mad an alcoholic. There are people in organizations such as Al-anon who have learned how to live with an alcoholic in peace and have been doing so for many years. If you want to learn how to make a million dollars, hang out with a few millionaires. If you want to become an auto mechanic, go to school for mechanics. If you want to learn how to quit getting so mad at an alcoholic, interact with people who are capable of teaching you how.
Finally, understand that you have no control over another person’s actions. The best medicine is to start living your own life to the full even if they are drinking, Get your focus off of everything the alcoholic is doing and do things that you enjoy for a change. This is how we overcome being mad all of the time. Let the alcoholic go and start living a life filled with less stress and anxiety.
Thank you for your article it is very helpful the guy I live with for the past eleven years is out cold on the floor after drinking vodka all day. I was so angry and yelled and cursed at him. I am still angry, after reading your article I am beginning to get my serenity back. Pace and hope, thanks again.
Thank you for this article. I’m just now coming to grips with how serious my husbands drinking problem has become. And yes, I’m VERY angry!! I’m sick of him smelling like vodka every single day, I’m sick of his stupid behavior when he’s drunk, I’m sick of his lies, I’m sick of him not coming home on time, I’m sick of him forgetting almost every conversation we have, I’m just flat sick of him! I’ve lost every ounce of respect for him. Up to this point I literally thought I could make him stop. HA! Now I get it. I’ll never be able to but I can do a lot to keep his toxic energy away from me and I can live a more peaceful life. I’m going to give this new way of thinking every bit of my energy. I’ve been making myself sick with worry and all the while, he couldn’t give a lesser (bleep) about me or our marriage or ANYTHING! The only thing this man cares about is himself and vodka. I would leave today if I had the money, I work and make decent pay but it’s certainly not enough to start over with.
I’m struggling with what to do. I’ve been in a long distance relationship with a fantastic man that slips in and out sobriety. He was sober for 6 months, then just last week relapsed — hard. The arguing, judgemental crap came back full force. He apologized profusely (of course) and even sought help with a substance abuse counselor and is willing to go to either an inpatient or outpatient facility to kick the habit once and for all. I would be his main source of support through the process. We talk a lot about building a life together, but I don’t know if I should cut and run now since were are still in the dating phase and live in separate cities or stay by his side and help him recover fully. I do realize that love cannot cure a person of this disease. Any suggestions?
Cut your losses, chalk it up to experience, etc. they are Jekyll & Hydes. There are a lot of good guys out there. Yours is a loser just like mine, only difference is I married him 34 yrs. ago. That crystal ball sure would have come in handy!!! Take care of yourself. denise
Hi. My worry is the anger i get with him after numerous over drinking events. We’ve been married for almost 5 years, with 4 year old daughter. I have done everything (i Think) I’ve ignored, drunk with, discussed, done my own thing, but it keeps happening. Each time I ignore/pass it, it get worse and worse until I explode! I get aggressive (throw things, break things) and I hate feeling this way. I don’t want to feel like this. what do I do?? We live in different country ATM. until the end of the year, I my daughter and i are sort of stuck. How do I deal with my anger? Before I do something bad.
What about when you reach the point that you involuntarily hope that he drinks and drives to get arrested or hurts himself or even passes away? I’ve been married for 5 years and we have 2 kids. I’ve asked him for 5 years to please get help and he refuses. He believes he can beat this on his own. This is my second marriage and another divorce with children frightens me. I’d have to seek full custody of our kids which would kill my husband. He’s an amazing father too but I could never leave them alone with him. I keep telling myself just to figure out a way to be happy until our kids are grown…that’s a long 17 years away. I despise him when he drinks. I have ZERO compassion for people who know that they need help, but won’t get any. And he says “F you. You don’t know what this feels like. No one wants me to be more normal than me.” But it’s a lie. And he says that if I ever leave him, he’ll sober up just to spite me. Who says that??
This was written by Ayn Rand. A great author. Sent to me by my wonderfully intuitive son. This is my time.
Whether my alcoholic husband chooses to languish in his world or live in mine and my children’s is his choice. Alcohol is their mistress. Live your life. Even if you have children at home. Because basically you are a single parent.Your children will remember and love you for everything. A Happy Mother’s Day to everyone. Mothers and Fathers who are trying to make life work. Always Denise
How do you live with the fact that he might lose his job today or kill someone today driving drunk. How do you live with people telling you they can smell booze on his breath at work? Why don’t they tell the loser he’s going to get fired after 36 yrs. and lose his family for sure. Why are people so quick to tell the spouse who has been living with it for 35 yrs.? What in the hell is she going to tell him that she already hasn’t? I wish he would go away. There are a lot of women, I have found , that want a divorce. Using the alcoholic? Perhaps. Whether it be monetary or hmmmmmmm I can’t think of any other reason. They are lousy at love or any relationship. Lousy at parenting. Worthless. They have that poor, poor , pitiful me thing going on. Pathetic.Yup, had a crappy weekend. Cannot wait to go to work. We work at the same place. Different ends of the building. Wonder if they mind him having a few stiff cheap-ass vodka’s before he starts? Wish it would all go away.
Denise, You sound like a very loving and creative person. You express yourself so well and I can feel the love that you still have for the person who was a bf and now just a bm (bad mess). I think the drink makes them unlove themselves, and then they must unlove us, the other characters in their life/play. I still have some happy in me and when I’m out and about in the world I find myself daydreaming/pre-planning my next phase of life which will probably be much different than the one I have now. I used to be happily independent and I think I can get there again, if I can realize nothing’s gonna change (He stated exactly that to me two times now) and forge ahead and perhaps avoid the next 20 years being filled with bitterness and emptiness. I lost my bf, for sure!
I have an alcoholic friend who’s constantly drunk and endangering himself in developing countries. No matter how many times I’ve talked to him, he keeps fucking up.
Reading everyone’s responses has helped. His whole rationalizing, lying and self denying speech patterns are near carbon copies of those Ive read here. I talk to him and Im basically talking to crazy. I dont fucking get this damn disease.
Anna Richardson said My partner and I have a four year relationship. We met each other after my divorce after 30 years of marriage. Originall...
miles said Not sure which way to go I am dealing with a functional alcoholic that also has Cancer. There is a good chance of recove...
Tegan said I must thank you for the efforts you have put in writing this site. I really hope to check out the same high-grade conte...
mrs Tiana said My situation was hopeless me and my husband was on the verge of divorce. I was in a awful state and felt that I was not...
Are you looking or searching for a rental, for rent, or rental property home or house in Batson, MS? 24realty.com is a great place for you to start your search for your new rental home. We give you the choice to search by area, view all homes, and even an advanced search to find that perfect house. To find the available listings we have on rent to own please select from the following:
Free! Do you have a Batson rental property, business or service? If so, create a permanent listing in the Batson Rental Directory. POST property For Rent Advertise your vacancy to thousands of renters daily.
Find Batson homes for sale, Batson real estate agents, and Batson home values. Get access to Batson real estate listings, including the MLS, Batson REALTORS, new homes and foreclosures in Batson. Our free real estate services feature all Batson and MS cities and suburbs. Find Batson school district information, including elementary, middle and high school test scores, student faculty ratios and other statistics. We also have information on Batson mortgage brokers, Batson insurance, Batson movers, Batson self storage, Batson commercial properties, and other realty services for anyone looking to sell a home in Batson, buy a home in Batson, or rent a home in Batson MS.
In an try and reverse George City's decline, the Komtar challenge was launched in 1974. Numerous shophouses, schools and temples, together with whole streets, have been erased from the map as a way to make way for the construction of Penang's tallest skyscraper.
Light-weight Launched George Town like a no cost port to entice traders away from nearby Dutch buying and selling posts. He also encouraged immigrants by promising them as much land as they might clear and by reportedly firing silver pounds from his ship's cannons deep into the jungle.
Penang Island also functions because the economic pole of northern Malaysia, with relatively well-formulated logistical connectivity. The Penang Intercontinental Airport is without doubt one of the state's busiest concerning cargo tonnage and passenger site visitors, whilst the Port of Penang remains An important entrepôt in northern Malaysia, handling the 2nd premier overall container throughput (TEU) in Malaysia.[141]
Penang is definitely the birthplace in the Chingay procession, which began with its very first parade in 1919.[235] Though Chingay parades are held during Malaysia and Singapore, Penang's Chingay is unique in the balancing of gigantic flags on just one's forehead or fingers is An important ingredient.
You don't wish to wander off at nighttime suitable? Yet another way to go up the hill is by using the services of a 4WD car or truck that's the the very least popular choice. Hotel Bellevue provides this service from RM70 to RM130 dependent which A part of the island are you currently from.
The spell which makes those that by no means been, prefer to go there, individuals who Reside there want to stay, and fills all those who have invested their appointed hour or two which has a longing to return.
The achievements of Penang's healthcare tourism sector is especially mainly because of the specialised professional medical treatment options presented at extra penang beaches cost-effective expenses by the various non-public hospitals on Penang Island, coupled with well-properly trained professionals and Superior gear.
Penang Island has become The most very important financial powerhouses in Malaysia. Bayan Lepas, dwelling to numerous multinational corporations, is An important producing centre, while George City is definitely the country's top medical tourism hub.[5][6][seven] Additionally, George City serves as the click economic centre of northern Malaysia, with many international banking institutions primarily based inside the city centre.
That has a background relationship back again to 1800, it is the oldest neighborhood council in Malaysia and the successor for the nation's to start with city council - the George City Town Council.
An integral Component of Penang's services sector is medical tourism, that has manufactured George City the medical tourism hub of Malaysia. The city captivated somewhere around 50 % with the country's clinical vacationer arrivals in 2013 and created about 70% of Malaysia's medical tourism earnings.
Eighty Japanese fighters and bombers experienced flown more than Georgetown unopposed... 1000s of people had loaded the streets to look at the spectacle, which turned to tragedy in the event the bombs started to slide.
From a little settlement on the northeastern idea of Penang Island, George Town has expanded outward above the hundreds of years, sooner or later linking up with Bayan Lepas in the southeastern Section of Penang click Island, and in the procedure, urbanising all the japanese coast of the island.
Hi, All people I'm trying to find several of the RAF family members who lived in Butterworth Officers married quarters (OMQ). They have been the final people who ultimately experienced to move to the rock.
As certainly one of Malaysia's significant metropolitan areas, Penang Island's logistical infrastructure is well-developed, enabling extensive connections by using land, air and sea. The island's compact dimensions and an in depth road network also make it possible for for simplicity of travel for locals and tourists alike.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On May 9, 2016 9:14 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Neiman Marcus because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Neiman Marcus, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Alice Olivia Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by Neiman Marcus on May 9, 2016 11:14 am and last updated by us May 9, 2016 9:14 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Alice Olivia designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Alice Olivia Ryley Distressed Flare Jeans Light Blue | Pants, Clothing And Workwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Neiman Marcus Online Store.
A Discount Glass is your portable solution to pretty much all your BrazoriaWindshield Patch-up requirements no matter what the make, design or justspot of your truck we highly serve the Brazoria TX area and look forward to the opportunity of gaining your business!
It doesn’t matter if you have a foreign, domestic , fleet ride or simply semi truck we specialize inBrazoria mobile windshield repair in and will go to your small business or family home regardless if it’s in the Dayton, Houston, Kingwood, Humble or surrounding area.
From the windshield, quarter side windows, side and back windows, look to us for the cost effective and beneficial solution for all of your Brazoria Windshield Repair or replacement needs.
You will require hours and hours to explore our free Aries Stone Sex Tube. This is the place where you will always find HD Aries Stone Porn Videos to your hot taste!
Bet Channel offers wagering opportunities on leagues such as Major League Baseball (MLB) in the U.S. and Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) in Japan. At a Bet Channel you are able to wager on the outcomes of each and every game including which teams will win their respective divisions, inter-league games, all-star games, playoffs, and the overall champion for the World Series and Japan Series as examples.
At Bet Channel you are able to wager not only on the top football leagues in Europe including UEFA's Champions League and Europa League but also all World Cup matches (including regional qualifying round matches). With football being the world's most popular sport, Bet Channel wants to cater to those fans and sports bettors alike by offering the most favorable odds in the industry.
Originating from the horserace tracks in the UK, bookmakers are known for their attractive payout percentages. Whether a casual bettor looking to make a few extra bucks on the game or a seasoned investor looking for solid investment opportunities in the market, sports fans alike make use of bookmakers.
With odds available on sporting events from around the world, the investment opportunities are endless.
Aside from sporting events, there are other markets on offer as well that are available for wagering at bookmakers. Some examples include political events like presidential elections and movie events such as the academy awards, etc.
The terms and conditions of use of this website and all gaming products and opportunities available through it are offered by the Licensee, Media Gate N.V. Company registration number 135910(0).
If you want, you can freely change width and height to meet your needs. The layout will adapt accordingly.
U+13067 was added to Unicode in version 5.2 (2009). It belongs to the block Egyptian Hieroglyphs in the Supplementary Multilingual Plane.
The glyph is not a composition. It has a Neutral East Asian Width. In bidirectional context it acts as Left To Right and is not mirrored. In text U+13067 behaves as Alphabetic regarding line breaks. It has type OLetter for sentence and ALetter for word breaks. The Grapheme Cluster Break is Any.
This is Codepoints.net, a site dedicated to all things characters, letters and Unicode. The site is run by Manuel Strehl. The content can be freely reused under the given terms. We’d like to thank these fine people for making Codepoints.net possible. Feedback and contributions are always welcome.
We use cookies to enhance your experience and to develop the site further. We never track you for monetary reasons. If you do not want this, you can either use the Do-Not-Track feature of your browser or opt out explicitly.
Starts with 0 mana, but gains mana when it moves before entering battle. Each 10 mana increases attack speed by 10%.
© 2014-2018 AutoAttack Games, Legion TD, and Legion TD 2 are registered trademarks of AutoAttack Games, Inc.
KABUL (Pajhwok): President Donald Trump, addressing the General Assembly, has pledged his administration's support for the United Nations' reforms. The US government would be “partners in your work”, Trump told the UN General Assembly at the... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): Energy-starved Afghanistan has imported 205.2 million kWh of electricity from Tajikistan during the current month, a media report said on Thursday. The electricity imported by Afghanistan from the former Soviet republic is 23.6... read more
WASHINGTON (Pajhwok): US defense secretary Jim Mattis said Monday “all options — from withdrawal, to using private contractors, to adding thousands of US forces to the fight — remain on the table for Afghanistan.” Mattis repeated the White House... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): A former Russian ambassador says America’s military campaign in Afghanistan has failed and the US needs to withdraw its troops from the war-devastated country. "Moscow has never hastened the withdrawal of the US troops from... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): The Afghan spymaster has urged First Vice-President Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostum, currently in Turkey, to return to Kabul, the BBC Pashto Service reports. National Directorate of Security (NDS) head Masoom Stanikzai met the VP at his... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): The Trump administration’s plan to deploy more troops to Afghanistan is a positive and encouraging move, says a former CIA director. David Petraeus, who also served as commander of US and coalition forces in Afghanistan,... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): President Ashraf Ghani says he is still awaiting the implementation of the commitments Pakistan made five months ago to help end the conflict in the country. In an interview with a Pan-Arab daily, Ghani alleged many terrorists... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is scheduled to arrive at the head of a high-level delegation in Afghanistan on Sunday, says a media report Bahram Ghasemi, spokesman for the foreign ministry in Tehran, said Zarif... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): Former president Hamid Karzai, excoriating the dropping of the mother of all bombs in eastern Nangarhar province, has asked the Trump administration to be sincere toward the Afghans. In an interview aired on Monday, he denounced... read more
KABUL (Pajhwok): Afghanistan's fast-improving cricket team, which has notched up spectacular wins in recent years, is all poised for Test status, chief coach Lalchand Rajput claimed on Tuesday. "Afghanistan is ready for Test cricket and our... read more
stucco and stone outdoor fireplace can you over vs ,can you stucco over stone fireplace vs,stucco vs stone fireplace over and outdoor ,stucco and stone outdoor fireplace s can you over vs, stucco over stone fireplace vs and outdoor,stucco over stone fireplace and outdoor can you , can you stucco over stone fireplace and outdoor vs,can you stucco over stone fireplace vs and outdoor , can you stucco over stone fireplace and outdoor,stucco and stone outdoor fireplace vs can you over .
As to weight, AFAIK Monks and Ninjas are the same at (0.4 x Lvl ) + 10 = Weight. So at L50 the limit is 30 pounds, this includes any Shield worn.
As to useable weapons, I keep trying anything I have found, but other than the list you posted elsewhere they are all Icky Wields.
I'm aware of both ot these - my point is that both this information should be easily available ingame.
It would be nice if elliptic could update his fork someday to make those information more easily accessible.
Ah yes, very true. I have a weird math brain and some things just pop into my head without having to consider it at all, ie; the armor weight. But yes, it would be very nice to have a ticker like is done for Speed.
I've just found The Ring of the Future King (+3,+8) (+3) <+23%> {SpStInDxCnChSl;-StDxCn;FiCoCfDi;Si(In Power (Narya)}
Major Canadian condo markets might be plagued with fears over high personal debt and overbuilding, but experts say an even bigger threat to owners involves problems with insurance.
Following a few claims, some co-owners are left in a bind when renewing their building’s insurance policy: annual premiums often double and no longer cover for water damage.
« Being a first time home buyer, I did not know much. Annik was able and willing to help me along the way in every aspect. My husband and I having two totally different tastes was a challenge but she knew exactly the »middle ground » and was able to find ... »
« Annik was absolutely exceptional in her availabilities, knowledge of transactions, the market, the legal implications, communication skills and commitment. Her dedication and astute real estate savvy are phenomenal. I have already referred her and intend to continue to do so. She is a gem cubed, yes not squared, cubed! ... »
Can't make it to the Web2forDev Conference in Rome? Want to know what is happening at the Conference? Catch the debates online at http://blog.web2fordev.net!
A media team of journalists from both Southern and Northern countries will provide daily reports on all presentations and interesting discussions during the Conference. Various Web 2.0 techniques like blogging, vlogging, podcasts and streaming video will be used to engage people online. In order to ’un-conference the conference’ participants will also be asked to report on their ideas and experiences by blogging on the Conference website. To cover the presentations from all speakers during the plenary sessions, the media team will use the assistance of the University of Wageningen (WUR). They have developed a special technique called Presentations2Go, an innovative solution to simply capture presentations and lectures on video by linking the video image of the presenter with the presentation and storing it for later (re)use, in this case for presentation online. Every night we’ll do our best to upload the videos.
Panos Institute West Africa (PIWA) is sponsoring two journalists to cover the event as part of their ongoing work to support West African journalists to boost their capacities in ICTs .
Sense About Science has produced a guide to help people to query the status of science and research reported in the media. Get the guide by clicking the e-button
I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life... really!
No part of this website or any of its contents may be reproduced, copied, modified or adapted, without the prior written consent of the author, unless otherwise indicated for stand-alone materials.
(remember, at Anonymousmom.com when you respond, you do NOT have to leave your name, email or link to your blog… but if you want to – feel free)
← What does your family think of your husband? How much time do you spend surfing the net at work? →
Oh. This is an easy one. A man. As a high school teacher, I do not think a woman should be running a high school. I just don’t think she can deal with the discipline needed with teenage males in today’s society. They need a firm male they can respect and fear at the same time.
I think it really depends on their personality. I have had a few male bosses in the past who were very sexual in their conduct and talk. And I have had a few women bosses who were great and others who looked at the people beneath them as competition – both personally and professionally.
It all depends on their work ethic, personnality and supervising skills. I don’t like micromanagers of any sex.
I think men are. It’s been easy for me to figure out how to make things work when I have a male boss. Women are harder because, I think, they’re just as analytical and hard to figure out.
Men…they don’t get all caught up in emotions or reading into things that just simply aren’t there. They also don’t feel the intense need to try and push their supposed superiority onto others. That’s been my personal experience anyway.
I agree with Miss D.C. it all boils down to their personality. I’ve work under Three different female principals each had their own personality. However, they had something in common. They did not like being challenge its always my way or the highway. As a man I would rather work with a male supervisor.
I would rather work for or with 100 men than one woman. Men are so much more logical and practical. Women feel challenged and it is all about competition and not working as a team and/or for the betterment of the company. It really is a shame.
The payouts mirror a increasing base of loyal users, which in turn has intended elevated earnings and many new hires.
In a standard desktop Computer system, the facility provide converts AC line voltage into DC, supplying quite a few very carefully controlled small voltages at superior currents.
It concludes that "Availability of substantial voltage, significant power, switching transistors at average charges is offering added impetus to using significant performance switching common [sic] materials. Substantial rise in use is predicted this yr."
The 2nd system in Holt's patent, the clamp winding and diode to return electrical power in the flyback converter, was used in many different energy provides till the mid-eighties then disappeared.
Version 8, just launched, overhauls about 40% in the product or service's code and encompasses a new "modules" architecture that allows you to "put as lots of modules in only one window as you'll need; they can be arbitrarily organized, dismissed, shut and dragged out of your window. They can be assigned to either left pane, and they are thoroughly customizable."
Lingon can be used to operate scripts and plans mechanically, continuously, or at certain times, managing several tasks Formerly delegated on the Unix "cron" application.
Quicken notes look at file-integrity difficulties involving basic Mac file "useful resource forks" vs. cloud storage, Excess fat flash sticks and backup solutions, in addition consumer confusion about file locations and variations and in addition challenges with Substantial Sierra APFS volumes.
If you want to start making an attempt the new version two once it's out there, check the choices Instantly check for updates and Contain Beta & Preview variations in FAF's Preferences window.
Whatever they did do was uncover the correct recipe for creating a new item classification. They modified the way computers are utilized by the general public and eternally altered the trajectory of private computing.
Sola Essential Industries "predict that minicomputer manufacturers will be working with much more transformerless switching regulators in 1972, for top effectiveness and decreased sizing and bodyweight."
Trio Laboratories "signifies that Pc and peripheral brands are turning to switching styles because pricing their website has become far more aggressive and programs are requiring reduced measurement."
• Resolves a problem by which the import day was made use of because the capture day when importing from specified SD cards or AVCHD cameras
Autonomous auto dialogue involves classes from airline flights AF447 and QF32, Nvidia hardware general performance and marketing statements, the Uber pedestrian fatality, Tesla's Autopilot crashing right into a parked police motor vehicle, and more.
home | contact us | privacy policy | view cart | site map128 W 4th Ave Mount Dora, FL 32757 Copyright � 2018 Barrel of Books and Games.com All Rights Reserved.
Step #5 - Enter a condolence message in the text box. You will be alerted to any misspellings by the system (with a red line under the suspected misspelling, and with a right click of your mouse, you'll be given alternative suggestions).
Step #6 - Complete the "Captcha" question, designed to ensure that the response is generated by a human being.
Step #9 - There is the option to provide feedback about this service. You may choose to enter a comment and select "Submit Comment", or simply select "No Thanks".
Step #10 - Once the condolence has been submitted, you will be taken to the Condolences page. At this point (if you've not already done so) you can do one of three things: make the condolence private (if you had originally set it to be a public message), modify the condolence, or remove it completely.
Once a condolence has been sent, only the public condolences will be displayed within the Book of Memories™. Private condolences will not be shown. You will be able to view all of the private condolences either by using the Family Log-in feature or having your email address included in the Condolence Email List. This is a list of recipients in which all of the condolences will be sent to (family and/or friends).
Either can be done within the client editor. If you are a family member and have questions about receiving private messages of condolence, please contact us.
The condolences will be sent to all email addresses within the Condolence Email List at 4am and 4pm (EST) only.
Crafted with Wool and touches of polyester, Boyd shags have just a touch of sheen for added prestige.
I love flowers, so I am going to post quite a few of them. These are blossoms I saw on the street on May 30.
Find a Radio Station. Adjust the nozzle to a. Just the way he said it, tellsme, that may be the only fan he had with him. Before working on an air conditioner, ALWAYS start by turning off the power to the unit, which can be done at the service disconnect on your outdoor unit or at the main breaker panel of your home. Air conditioning makes deep plan buildings feasible, for otherwise they would have to be built narrower or with light wells so that inner spaces received sufficient outdoor air via natural ventilation. YOU WILL want a variable fan unit no matter what.
Ace also has heater accessories for your heating units. I had to do some extra screwdriver work to secure it. Glad you gave it a shot! Never run the system without the filters in place, and always let a washed filter dry completely before reinstalling it. Motor had felt HOT to touch when we were working on it third time.
Under normal operation, your air conditioner repair cheap (More Support) conditioner should only leak or produce condensation while operating. I think maybe you are confusing SEER, which is an efficiency-related rating higher SEER means more effective use of the electric power used to compress the gas , and TONS rating, which is a measure of the total cooling power of the system. Models that scored excellent or very good in our noise tests are so quiet that the only sound you might hear is the fan running. Do that sound about air conditioner repair cheap right for installed prices?
Before you talk with an HVAC repair service, know the model of your system and any maintenance history. Mick: Where do you live? Some systems with small storage capacity are hybrid systems, using free cooling early in the cooling season, and later employing a heat pump to chill the circulation coming from the storage. HIDING BEHIND THEIR DEALERS.
Check with your contractor to see whether you might cut costs by buying the air conditioning system yourself or using existing heating system ductwork in your home. If any of those parts are not installed, the fan may stop operating in order to prevent damage to electrical parts. This article is the start of our series on how to diagnose an air conditioner or heat pump that is not cooling: this article explains. Although no heat is coming out.
When you replace the condenser you need to add oil to it. We live in Florida. Read More Haier is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Haier Group. Air conditioners work by pulling hot air from inside the home outside. Take your freon detector and put it next to the pipe insulation on the suction line.
See all results Recommended Buying Guides See all guides Published by Trane Air Conditioner Buying Guide When looking for air conditioners, today s shoppers have plenty of options. As a leader in producing energy efficient home comfort solutions, Trane offers many products that are eligible for residential energy credits. About Carrier Core Values Fact Sheet Willis Carrier History Sustainability Careers News Contact Us.
SEER of the two models. Comfort is reached at lower air temperature due to eliminating circulating air. Central Air Conditioner, Double garage, All…. You do not have to take my word for this, rather you can call five air conditioning companies and ask if they will sell and install Trane equipment.
Just ask the folks at the Microkelvin Laboratory at the University of Florida, where they get about as close to absolute zero as is possible. Our experienced drain cleaning professionals will diagnose the problem, safely clear the clog and get your home or office back in the flow in no time. The older the vehicle, the higher the rate of seepage. Dust that builds up on the coil can hamper its ability to absorb heat. Find a local Trane specialist today. Central air units also vary in cost, depending on bells and whistles. There are other causes of water pooling around an inside air conditioning unit, but these are some of the most common.
Archery is a pastime activity, a work of art, and a lifestyle. Archery has been designed and influenced by many archers throughout the ages. A 2002 report by American Sports Data discovered there were 18.5 million seasoned archers in the world. 85 percent of archers polled who had used a bow in the last year were under the age of 40, and 59 % were male.
The biggest change has been the generation bubble that did archery in their youth and have grown up with the Lord of The Rings explosion into the world wide mainstream of competitive sports and sees it as a participation activity for their children led by competitive athletes who are affiliated and instruct for our brand and web site.
Are you having trouble learning How to Shoot a Bow? Is the fear of falling keeping you from progressing? Study all of the fundamentals of Archery fast in a one-week camp. We will show you the principles of Archery like how to balance, push, turn, proper foot placement, and how to stop. No matter, of where you are at.. you can benefit from individualized instruction to meet your skill level.
Location: Our company has certified locations right in Brewster. The location depends on which day and time you choose and what level of lessons you need.
Archery Lessons of Brewster was developed to help people of all ages that wants to participate in the lifestyle and skilled regiment of archery. We take great parchery in helping people of all ages learn how to shoot a bow.
”Brewster Archery Lessons has given me more than I expected, because I expected somebody to say “Okay here, do this, do that, go home, and come back next week,” but the follow up that he has given, and the effort of sending me the lessons, and the encouragement… He’s very subtle about it but he’s so positive, so he has surpassed my expectations.”
“I had always wanted to learn to shoot the bow, and due to bad experiences in the past, I was afraid to try it. Your lessons make the process accessible and exciting, and work with me at my own pace. My lessons with Josh have taught me so much and I’m eternally grateful for that!” Jim in Brewster
For those who want to take their archery discipline to the next level in the shortest period of time- our Boot Camp session provides golf lessons that dramatically increase the student’s overall ability to perform quickly. The Brewster Boot Camp session are back-to-back days designed with your schedule in mind. Please call us for more information
The testimony was introduced at a preliminary hearing held to determine whether prosecutors have enough evidence to put the 78-year-old TV star on trial on sexual assault charges that could bring 10 years in prison.
It was not the face-to-face confrontation between accuser and accused that some had anticipated: Constand was not in the courtroom, and the judge ruled that she would not have to testify at the hearing and that prosecutors could instead have her statements to police read into the record.
Cosby's lawyers argued unsuccessfully that that would be hearsay and would deprive him of his right to confront his accuser. Such testimony from law enforcement officers is common practice at preliminary hearings in Pennsylvania, which have a far lower burden of proof than trials.
In her statement, Constand said Cosby penetrated her with his fingers as she drifted in and out of consciousness soon after he gave her the pills at his suburban Philadelphia mansion in 2004.
The content contained on the web site has been prepared by BLN as a service to the internet community and is not intended to constitute legal advice or a substitute for consultation with a licensed legal professional in a particular case. Law Firm Website Design by Law Promo
Blog Archive November 2018 (11) October 2018 (31) September 2018 (30) August 2018 (31) July 2018 (31) June 2018 (30) May 2018 (31) April 2018 (30) March 2018 (31) February 2018 (28) January 2018 (31) December 2017 (31) November 2017 (30) October 2017 (31) September 2017 (30) August 2017 (31) July 2017 (31) June 2017 (30) May 2017 (31) April 2017 (30) March 2017 (31) February 2017 (28) January 2017 (31) December 2016 (31) November 2016 (30) October 2016 (31) September 2016 (30) August 2016 (31) July 2016 (31) June 2016 (30) May 2016 (31) April 2016 (30) March 2016 (31) February 2016 (29) January 2016 (31) December 2015 (31) November 2015 (30) October 2015 (31) September 2015 (30) August 2015 (31) July 2015 (31) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (31) April 2015 (30) March 2015 (31) February 2015 (28) January 2015 (31) December 2014 (31) November 2014 (30) October 2014 (31) September 2014 (30) August 2014 (31) July 2014 (31) June 2014 (30) May 2014 (31) April 2014 (30) March 2014 (31) February 2014 (28) January 2014 (31) December 2013 (31) November 2013 (30) October 2013 (31) September 2013 (30) August 2013 (31) July 2013 (31) June 2013 (30) May 2013 (31) April 2013 (30) March 2013 (31) February 2013 (28) January 2013 (31) December 2012 (31) November 2012 (24) October 2012 (31) September 2012 (30) August 2012 (31) July 2012 (31) June 2012 (30) May 2012 (31) April 2012 (30) March 2012 (29) February 2012 (29) January 2012 (31) December 2011 (31) November 2011 (30) October 2011 (26) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (31) July 2011 (31) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (31) April 2011 (30) March 2011 (29) February 2011 (27) January 2011 (31) December 2010 (31) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (29) September 2010 (30) August 2010 (32) July 2010 (31) June 2010 (30) May 2010 (31) April 2010 (34) March 2010 (37) February 2010 (28) January 2010 (32) December 2009 (32) November 2009 (26) October 2009 (32) September 2009 (31) August 2009 (92) July 2009 (37) June 2009 (30) May 2009 (31) April 2009 (30) March 2009 (31) February 2009 (29) January 2009 (31) December 2008 (32) November 2008 (32) October 2008 (41) September 2008 (39) August 2008 (47) July 2008 (31) June 2008 (34) May 2008 (31) April 2008 (129) March 2008 (32) February 2008 (32) January 2008 (33) December 2007 (66) November 2007 (30) October 2007 (37) September 2007 (37) August 2007 (32) July 2007 (36) June 2007 (30) May 2007 (12)
After my Inactive Period of Adjustment today, which included playing couch potato watching our Philadelphia Eagles, I've recovered to write a few notes and post a few pictures about last night.
Suzanne and her In Pursuit of Ale crew kept their word and made their way out on the R5 from Philly to Gullifty's to Teresa's Next Door to TJ's to the Flying Pig. Patty and I met up with her and her ladies (plus, a couple of almost-gents, too) at TJ's and moved on to Flying Pig with them. (Hey, it was on our way home from TJ's!)
Sounds like they all had a great day & night with Sly Fox cans for the ride (sh, don't tell Septa!), a scavenger hunt form to fill out, and great beer bars to nosh and slosh around at. I'm not sure which turned out to be their favorite stop; it probably doesn't matter, since quality beers were available at every stop they made. Even some IPAs for the IPA-ers.
Here's a few quick pictures. I've got more incriminating ones, but for now I'd like to stay on their good sides :)
Bryan J. Kolesar. Based in southeastern Pennsylvania while exploring the world of beer. In search of the Best Beer since 1991; Writing about it since 2005.
THIS SUBSCRIPTION IS NOT FOR THE PRINT EDITION this is only for the digital edition. Print subscribers must call or mail in their order.
PLEASE TAKE NOTE: The Bridgton News online digital edition is now available on most mobile devices, including the iPad and iPhone, however we are currently experiencing a problem enlarging the view on those devices.
IF YOU ARE RE-SUBSCRIBING AFTER YOUR PREVIOUS SUBSCRIPTION HAS EXPIRED: Please make sure you are logged in before attempting to pay for your subscription. Do this by scrolling down on this page and making sure that you don't see the log-in form on the right-hand side. If you are not logged in, your payment will go through but your account will not be automatically upgraded.
Here you can subscribe to the online version ONLY of The Bridgton News. The News subscriptions are available in either one month ($3.75), six month ($15.95) or one year ($28.95) packages. Each issue comes out in stores on Thursday, while digital issues may become available Wednesday night. Once you've completed your Paypal order, please wait for Paypal to automatically redirect you to the registration page. Also check your email for a confirmation. If you don't see this in your inbox, check the spam folder.
Some people is usually hypnotized and many Others can not. I have not been hypnotized before, but that doesn't imply that it cannot be completed. From what I have heard, hypnosis is not really like in the flicks.
The real origin and essence from the hypnotic condition, may be the induction of a behavior of abstraction or mental concentration, through which, as in reverie or spontaneous abstraction, the powers with the head are a great deal of engrossed with one idea or coach of thought, as, with the nonce, to render the individual unconscious of, or indifferently aware to, all other Suggestions, impressions, or trains of assumed.
Mesmer held the feeling that hypnosis was a sort of mystical drive that flows through the hypnotist to the individual getting hypnotized, but his theory was dismissed by critics who asserted that there is no magical element to hypnotism.
The real origin and essence on the hypnotic ailment, is the induction of a behavior of abstraction or psychological concentration, in which, as in reverie or spontaneous abstraction, the powers in the brain are a great deal of engrossed with one plan or train of thought, as, for your nonce, to render the individual unconscious of, or indifferently mindful to, all other Strategies, impressions, or trains of considered.
If you might actually Manage/influence individuals like that, criminals would apply it to a significant scale for crimes or fiscal achieve (other than phase leisure.
Hypnosis is not real with regard to it getting some kind of magical Manage around One more particular person's brain. Nevertheless, a lot of people are Obviously suggestible and have extremely weak minds.
Hypnotism - Self Hypnosis The Art of Hypnotism, Self Hypnosis, and Hypnotizing Some others Many years back I went into a Hypnotist to understand the Art. He taught me how you can hypnotize myself and Other individuals. It is in fact a simple system involving hardly any examine and apply. You need to remember, not Everybody might be hypnotized. Lots of people are so wrapped up within their feelings of daily problems they can't simply just focus. In order to be hypnotized, you should be capable to rest and crystal clear your brain just similar to you would in the course of meditation. I would propose making an attempt it on by yourself in advance of attempting it on Other individuals. Here i will discuss the steps to hypnotizing by yourself... one. Sit on a couch while in the upright position and close your eyes and also your arms at your facet or inside your lap. Do not move around. Just sit there and relax to get a moment. two. Very clear your head of all ideas. How would you make this happen?.... simply just picture a huge Dumpster or an exceedingly substantial metallic box on your own psychological monitor. Then see it open up and put your thoughts and concerns in it one after the other.... expenditures... your like-lifetime.... challenges.... your children.... your position... every thing you'll be able to imagine. Then shut the lid and lock it! Then force it off your psychological display. 3. Now sit there quietly without any ideas for your moment. While you are all set to begin... don't forget about to tell your self as you experience each part of the body that you are turning into A growing number of comfortable as you go. You have to Convey to On your own THIS! four. Now... start with your head.... imagine just about every section of the head comforting... start with your eyes.... then go on your ears.... the mouth... all your facial muscles. expend time with Every portion to make sure it really is fully peaceful. 5. Now go to the neck and do a similar. 6. Now go towards your total chest and stomach location and begin with your heart... slow it down and make it at peace. Relax all you chest muscles and afterwards your abdomen area. seven. Now take it easy your arms experience them going limp. Unwind every single muscle mass in your arms one by one such as your fingers. 8. Up coming Visit the groin place and take it easy all of the muscle mass there.
There isn't a evidence that hypnosis operates precisely the way it can be claimed. There is generally generally some type of "willingness" to think through the client as well as their participation dictates the outcome. If hypnosis have been real, we might be applying some type of version of the for head Manage inside the military or for prisoner rehabilitation and so on.
Before prolonged, hypnotism begun discovering its way into the whole world of recent medicine. Using hypnotism in the clinical area was designed well-liked by surgeons and doctors like Elliotson and James Esdaille and researchers like James Braid who assisted to expose the biological and Actual physical benefits of hypnotism.[50] In keeping with his writings, Braid began to listen to reports relating to many Oriental meditative procedures before long after the discharge of his to start with publication on hypnotism, Neurypnology (1843). He initial discussed Many of these oriental tactics in a learn more series of articles entitled Magic, Mesmerism, Hypnotism, etcetera.
The speculation is that the unconscious doesn’t distinguish in between “you not have�?�?And “you may have”�?You don’t want the result for being which you increase your self-question. ? · two several years in the past 0
Psychologists for example Robert Baker and Graham Wagstaff assert that what we phone hypnosis is really a kind of discovered social behaviour, a complex hybrid of social compliance, peace, and suggestibility which will account For numerous esoteric behavioural manifestations.[one hundred eighty]
These terms were popularized in English with the Scottish surgeon James Braid (to whom they are sometimes wrongly attributed) all around 1841. Braid based his exercise on that created by Franz Mesmer and his followers (which was identified as "Mesmerism" or "animal magnetism"), but differed in his theory regarding how the method worked.
Haha the "finest respond to" shown for this problem is actually just non-perception. Base line is, well-known depictions of "hypnosis" craft a Wrong narrative of some super mystery way to manage Other people in opposition to their will. Certainly this is false, science fiction. Being hypnotized, a person need to Wish to be hypnotized, so it's significantly less about a person human controlling Yet another, and more details on the state of brain of the individual being hypnotized. Needless to say self-hypnotization can be done. Individuals can and do mislead by themselves on a regular basis. Lies regarding their morality, their individualism, particular good results, and many others.
Last May perhaps [1843], a gentleman residing in Edinburgh, personally mysterious to me, who experienced long resided in India, favored me using a letter expressing his approbation on the sights which I'd published on the nature and brings about of hypnotic and mesmeric phenomena. In corroboration of my sights, he referred to what he experienced previously witnessed in oriental regions, and advised me to investigate the Dabistan, a reserve currently published, for additional proof to precisely the same outcome.
The SINGER 7258 Stylist sewing machine is perfect for new and skilled sewers alike boasting many advanced features including an automatic needle threader, optimal stitch length and width settings, easy push-button stitch selection and drop feed for free motion sewing. With 100 built-in stitches including 6 fully automatic 1-step buttonholes, the Stylist is equipped to handle a wide variety of sewing projects. The included Quick Start Guide, machine intro DVD and stitch guide help get your set up and sewing in no time.
All lighting equipment on a car must work — properly — and this includes brake (even the supplemental in the rear window), tail, head, reverse and license plate lights. Proper function includes proper colors of lights, so no funny designer colors are allowed. If a brake or taillight shows any amount of white light — bingo, it’s a violation.
If a broken brake/tail light is covered with tape, even if the tape is the same color as the light (nice try), it’s a violation. Folks seem to love using different colored lights to accessorize their cars. Neon lights for ground effects look cute in movies, and those stupid lights on windshield wipers, rims and the rest; well, they’re all pretty much illegal on the road. At car shows they’re fine, but Main Street isn’t a car show.
Not all of us are as excitable about or have a Rolodex (remember those?) embedded in our respective psyches, in which we store the Vehicle Code as those of us in Traffic. I assure you though; it can come in handy when you’re looking for probable cause to stop someone you’d like to have a closer look at.
We know dirt bags usually drive really crappy cars, making themselves easy targets for traffic stops. That’s bush-league stuff. We’re looking for the smarter-than-average crook, the one who attempts to fly under the radar. Knowing the fine detail of an equipment violation or an overlooked moving violation makes for great PC, and yes, it’s okay to use the letter of the law to your advantage. So, tune your radar for “low-level” work.
Before we jump into it, I have to admit to a deficiency. I’m fairly fluent in the California Vehicle Code (CVC), but I don’t know a damn thing about the Insert-Every-Other-State Vehicle Code (IEOSVC). Consequently, you’ll have to take the plain text language here and do a bit of research to find the specific sections I’m talking about.
American COP Magazine is an FMG Publication. © 2016 Copyright by Publishers Development Corporation. All rights reserved. American COP Magazine is a registered Trademark of Publishers Development Corporation.
Because American Families United is recognized by the IRS as a 501(c)(4) non-profit organization, donations are not tax deductible and individual donors are not reported to the government or the public.
Steven Biel is Executive Director of the Humanities Center at Harvard and Senior Lecturer in History and Literature, where he served as Director of Studies from 1999 to 2006. He is the author of American Gothic: A Life of America’s Most Famous Painting (W.W. Norton, 2005), Down with the Old Canoe: A Cultural History of the Titanic Disaster (W.W. Norton, 1996), and Independent Intellectuals in the United States, 1910-1945 (New York University Press, 1992), and the editor of American Disasters (NYU Press, 2001) and Titanica: The Disaster of the Century in Poetry, Song, and Prose (W.W. Norton, 1998). His teaching has covered a wide range of topics in U.S. cultural history, including social protest and reform, public intellectual life, Hollywood cinema, popular fiction, the 1920s and 1930s, post-Second World War gender and sexuality, the Vietnam War, the history and literature of California and the U.S. West, and the history and literature of New York City.
wall hanging storage baskets wall mounted storage containers the wire storage baskets home design ideas for hanging wire storage baskets wall hanging storage with 3 ikea baskets.
wall hanging storage baskets 8 clever ways to organize your toddlers toys baskets on wall hanging storage with 3 ikea baskets.
wall hanging storage baskets wall mounted wicker storage baskets best kitchen produce baskets images on hanging home decoration wall mounted wire storage baskets.
wall hanging storage baskets wall hanging storage wire modular kitchen wall storage basket wall mounted storage bins with lids wall hanging storage with 3 ikea baskets.
wall hanging storage baskets how to make hanging fruit baskets to free up space wall hanging baskets for bathroom storage.
wall hanging storage baskets great list of ideas for unorthodox things to hang on the wall what to hang wall mounted wire storage baskets.
wall hanging storage baskets wall mounted wicker storage baskets wall wire baskets storage wall mounted wicker storage baskets wall home wall mounted wire storage baskets.
wall hanging storage baskets i like this for my onions potatoes garlic a 1 tiered one would a wall basket wall hanging wire storage baskets.
wall hanging storage baskets wall storage basket wall hanging storage baskets the well appointed potting shed 5 baskets as wall wall mounted wire storage baskets.
Tagged wall hanging baskets for bathroom storage, wall hanging storage with 3 ikea baskets, wall hanging wire storage baskets, wall mounted wire storage baskets
The wine is good. That was a stupid and dangerous thing to do. It's kind of creepy in here, isn't it?
Tell her which bus to get on. Following a cookbook, I made my first Spanish food, and it came out very well. I'm the surgeon. I worked for Deb. Did he come by bus or by train?
The children are playing in the snow. Do you want this T-shirt? He opened a law office in Cincinnati.
Everybody knows I don't like Kit. Change is important. I want to know where you heard that. Better to give up possessions than to live in discontent with others. "What did you have for lunch?" "Gyoza that Maria made herself. They were really delicious!" Dale has enough money to buy any computer in this store. He just needs to decide which one.
I just want to visit her. I did that one time. Stupidity is riding a bike that doesn't have brakes. Of the three boys, Bill behaves most politely.
I'm getting sick and tired of this. Injuries are frequent. That which is not today, will be tomorrow.
Excuse me, without wasabi, please. Protestors are chaining themselves to trees to prevent deforestation of the area. Think made peace with Trent. Hostilities temporarily ceased. Let her have fun. Mats doesn't want me around when Kee is here.
My briefcase was nowhere to be found. Meanwhile, I need some time by myself. You're as tall as I am. He left his wife. I think Kimmo is about thirty years old. She will soon clear away these dishes. I left home early so I'd be on time for the meeting. I have to buy some medicine for my mother. You may not come in. I didn't want to say anything, but I had no choice.
I don't think I've ever met Jose. Please show me your notebook. Television is a very important medium for giving information. Let me know where you're staying. Will you have to tell them?
We'll meet you downstairs. Hasn't Gill come home yet? We agree, you will come to dinner at our house. Are you back home now? Martyn washed the dishes and Julius dried them. Don't tell me that Dan is talking to that crow.
Sandeep is concerned about Don. She is loved by him. Her name came up in 42 separate entries in a Google search. Someone in this room needs a good deodorant.
Miwako, I want you to meet Kenny. You stole my idea. He could see the entire landscape from the top of the mountain Timothy is having an allergic reaction to something he ate. Just ask him.
Nara is as old as Kyoto. You can't pretend it didn't happen. Having climbed all the way to the shrine, I decided to dedicate a votive horse tablet.
Willie told me I was his only friend. You smell nice. I can't ask you to take that sort of risk. You should go home. It's late. Oh, he speaks Russian, doesn't he? Time is on our side. I want to hear you say it. Would you mind waiting out here, please?
October 2012 UPDATE: My washer was making a terrible grinding noise during the spin cycle. I knew that the transmission, also known as the gearcase or gear box, was the problem, and that the transmission and clutch needed to be replaced.
Original review: March 25, 2018. Getting white powder stains inside the tub leaving build up on the items I have been washing. Now brown build up appearing inside tube as well.
Hello all, I'm posting on the off chance that someone can offer a bit of advice while I wait to hear from my landlady. We have a Hotpoint...
Ireland's One Stop Appliance On-line Superstore. At Harvey Norman we stock Ireland's largest range of domestic kitchen and laundry appliances. We have the best brands and best prices on Domestic Electrical Appliances in Ireland.
If your old or new washing machine makes noise during the spin cycle we have some useful DIY repair tips here to fix your machine. A washing machine making a loud noise when spinning means a part has become worn
Washing machine won't drain water out? This article gives advice on how to fix it. Helpful advice by an engineer with 40 years experience. Updated June 2017
This article's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (March 2018) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Enjoy fresh coffee at home with this De'Longhi bean to cup machine. It has a milk frother and a cup warmer. Click and collect available at ao.com
Do you have a washing machine that won't drain? If every function on your washing machine works except it WILL NOT DRAIN OUT THE WATER, here are the most common reasons why.
The following washing machine pump help concerns UK washing machines although the principles should be similar to most appliance pumps. The water pump in a washing machine is one of the most common causes of breakdowns – though more often due to obstructions and blockages.
Behind the Madness is The Weeknd’s first fully fleshed-out pop record, a concerted push to finally top the pop charts (and it’s working). A New York Times article published late last month ended with an anecdote about Abel Tesfaye meeting one of his heroes for the first time, a “still spry enough for the club” Quincy Jones (aged 82), at a Vegas nightclub. Jones gave Tesfaye one of the greatest compliments a musician can ever receive. “Yeah, I used to make music like that,” Jones told Tesfaye. “Sounds good.”
The Michael Jackson comparisons have been around for years, and they’re intensifying. However, there’s much more to the Weeknd than being compared to the greatest performer of all time. We’ve crawled some of the more hidden references in his album, tracing the grooves of history to help you better understand some of the musical DNA woven throughout his lush (and only halfway lurking this time around) new LP, Beauty Behind the Madness.
In Beauty Behind the Madness, The Weeknd shares a dark narrative called “In the Night.” It’s about a young woman and the hardships that beset her, which she has to relive over and over again as she attempts to dance it off in the night. Driving to the recording studio, Abel Tesfaye likes to entwine his head in some classics like the on-wax narrative of Barry Manilow’s jaunty disco track “Copacabana.” This tells the story of a Copacabana showgirl, Lola, her lover, a bartender named Tony, and a mobster named Rico, who after a long night eyeing Lola in the club, oversteps his boundaries. This leads to a brawl, resulting in the death of Tony.
Lola, devastated, never recovers. Thirty years later she still occupies the same space, dressed in the same refinery as she did before that fateful night.
The pre-chorus for “Real Life,” the opening track off Beauty Behind the Madness, is also evocative of the bridge on “Billie Jean.” Both tracks reference maternal advice that relates to their son’s behavior, warning them of the dangers of the path they’re treading. For Jackson, it goes “Mother always told me be careful who you love/ And be careful of what you do cause the lies become the truth.” Tesfaye’s mom comes down a little harder on her son: “Mama called me destructive/ Said it’d ruin me one day/Cause every woman that loved me/ I seemed to push them away.”
In the chorus for the lead single off Beauty Behind the Madness Tesfaye sings, “The Hills have eyes, the hills have eyes…” It’s a double entendre not just for the Hollywood Hills where he’s been living out his debauched existence for the last three or four years, but the 1977 horror classicThe Hills Have Eyes. It tells the story of a naive vacationing family who run into a bunch of feral inbreds in the middle of the desert, directed by Wes Craven (RIP, who later went on to make Scream).Image: Wikimedia
In its review of “I Can’t Feel My Face,” Pitchfork wrote that the song “could have come from an alternate-dimension Thriller, produced by New Age composer Vangelis instead of Quincy Jones.” Who the hell is Vangelis? Vangelis, as it turns out is the lion-haired composer of the majestic “Chariots of Fire.” As it happens, that annoying-as-hell tune was once at the top of the Billboard 100–in May, 1982. He made up for it by scoring Blade Runner.
The credits for “Often” list the name “Sabhattin Ali.” Ali was a Turkish poet whose lyrics were sung in this 1974 single by Turkish singer Nükhet Duru (which was thus sampled by the Weeknd).
Sabhattin spent time in and out of prison because of his poems, and, it’s suspected, was eventually murdered by his own government in an attempt to silence him.
The Kanye West assisted production on “Tell Your Friends” samples Carl Marshall’s and the Soul Dog’s “Can’t Stop Loving You,” a track that’s been spliced before by West’s mentor No I.D. for Common’s “Hungry,” off the throwback One Day It’ll All Make Sense album, and on plenty of other notable hip hop tracks. In the 1970s, Carl Marshall was a regular on the Southern Soul music circuit and is relevant there even to this day. Marshall’s bejeweled outfits and love-struck gaze doesn’t exactly line up with the image Tesfaye portrays but there’s no denying the weightiness of both their heart’s bearing, whether it’s love or the forlornness replacing it.
The best part of my job? Well that’s a tough one. It is between helping people to find new and tasty ways to express themselves, or the creative freedom that cooking offers.
A breakfast burrito with sausage, green peppers, eggs, potatoes, green onions, mushrooms, and Swiss cheese. Yum!
Going to different restaurants and trying new foods and then turning around and trying to make them myself.
I used to live on a farm where, for about a year, there were 126 animals – ranging from ducks, chickens, goats, horses, dogs, rabbits, and cats.
It is so great that you have not only found a job but so many great co-workers. You also make some awesome desserts & invent new recipes that are unique.
The global economic and employment situation is alarmingly protracted, with recovery not expected any time soon. In October 2012, then IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard indicated he did not see a global economic recovery before 2016.Now, in mid-2016, it is clear that the global crisis has dragged on for several reasons; many governments, especially in advanced economies, still prioritize fiscal austerity and tough labour market reforms, even though such measures undermine livelihoods, incomes, the social fabric and economic recovery prospects.Meanwhile, despite ‘quantitative easing’, investments remain depressed, blocking employment creation. Easy credit before the crisis led to over-investment in sectors expected to be profitable. Hence, despite low-interest rates, with the overhang of excess capacity, there has been less private investment in recent years.
Since 2007, employment rates have only risen in six of the 36 developed economies, while youth unemployment rates have increased in four-fifths of advanced countries and two-thirds of developing countries.With higher inequality and unemployment, as well as shrinking incomes and domestic markets, it is obviously unrealistic for everyone to recover by exporting. Even developing countries, long pressed to produce for export, are switching course – producing increasingly for the domestic market once again.Having suffered more current and capital account difficulties with greater openness, many emerging market economies still feel compelled to accumulate large reserves for ‘self-protection’. Meanwhile, financial globalization has not enhanced growth but has instead exacerbated volatility and instability.There have been few efforts since 2008 to enhance national ‘policy space’ for economic recovery, especially for sustainable development. Increased public investment and other spending, including for social protection, can help turn this situation around, creating tens of millions of jobs.For decades after the end of World War Two, most advanced economies have used counter-cyclical fiscal policy to great effect. Such deficits have not only financed strong, sustained and inclusive recovery, and growth in their own economies but also abroad — as with the US Marshall Plan at the beginning of the Cold War, so crucial to European post-war reconstruction, recovery and take-off.A cruel logic has been invoked to justify recent inaction. First, huge financial resources were deployed to selectively rescue ‘too big to fail’ private financial interests. Then, the resulting greatly increased sovereign debt was invoked to impose fiscal austerity, ostensibly in deference to bond markets.To make matters worse, Eurozone countries are not only constrained by this fiscal fetish, but also by their lack of exchange rate policy space, resulting in insurmountable obstacles to recovery in a monetary union not among equals.And despite strong evidence to the contrary, the presumption that public spending crowds out private investment continues to deter government-led economic recovery efforts.Perhaps most frustrating in the recent period have been the limited efforts at multilateral cooperation for global recovery since 2009 — the year of the G20’s London and Pittsburgh summits, including the Global Jobs Pact, on which there has been little meaningful progress since.As a consequence, subsequent years have seen little progress towards a strong, sustained and inclusive recovery. Instead, after decades of promoting globalization, often recklessly, the recent period has seen a gradual turn to creeping protectionism and currency warfare.Thankfully, after decades of promoting economic, including financial liberalization and pro-cyclical macroeconomic policies, even the IMF, under its recent French leadership, has become more careful, if not skeptical of its own earlier analysis, policy prescriptions, and priorities. But the earlier conventional wisdom still prevails in most of its operations, policy conditions and advice.
Bourgeois democratic political parties like the BNP and its allies should take the option of facing all adversities through election.
Published by the editor on behalf of GreenWatch Dhaka Publications from 4/D, Rupayan Lotus, 13 Topkhana Road, Dhaka - 1000.
Franchising is potentially lucrative for both franchisor and franchisee. But it’s also complex for both parties involved.
At Greenways Law, we take franchising seriously. Its our job to make sure your franchise agreement protects your best interests, whatever side of the contract you’re on. We also have an impressive track record in resolving franchise disputes.
In the UK, franchised businesses sell everything from fuel to fast food, diet plans and dog grooming.
The vast majority of franchisee / franchisor relationships are positive and profitable for both parties. However, disputes can and do arise from time to time.
In franchising, a business owner (called a franchisor) lets an individual or business (the franchisee) replicate its business idea or model by granting a licence.
Brian, our most internationally experienced team member, is head of commercial contracts and franchising at Greenways Law.
Authorised by the Solicitors Regulation Authority SRA Number 605511 Greenways Law is the trading name of Greenwayslaw LLP a Limited Liability Partnership Registered in England and Wales (LLP No OC387494) Registered office 19 St Michael's Road Newquay Cornwall TR7 1LL. The term Partner is used to refer to a member of the LLP. Verto Group Legal Limited is a corporate member of GreenwaysLaw LLP.
We try to do some photography shooting around the bay area, but mostly in San Francisco. However, this time Todd broke his foot about 2 weeks prior to coming into town and was instructed to not put weight on it by his doctor. He has been limping around with a boot. I did managed to get a wheel chair for him so he wouldn’t have to hobble around at United’s Family Day.
Jon on the other foot, didn’t have any walking issues, but came down with a cold or flu that knocked him out. He could sense that his taste buds were dulling over and the Bullshead burger he was trying to eat wasn’t as satisfactory as previous times.
My two buddies were down for the count. We did manage to get a few pictures during the blue hour of the new Eastern Span of the Bay Bridge. We did go to United’s Family Day with my whole family and with Spencer too. We had a great time there. I BBQ my filet mignon’s and marinated them for 24 hours. I used the science from a website I found to help me determine how well the meat is cooked inside without having to cut it open to peak thereby loosing all the good juices and moistness of the meat.
学优生辅导题（ 学优生辅导题（七） 一、单选题（非谓语动词） 1. When you’re learning to drive, a good teacher makes a big difference. A. have B. having C. and have D. and having 2. I would love to the party last night but I had to work extra hours to finish a report. A. to go B ...
Alimentazione per combattere i dolori mestruali: quali cibi assumere e quali evitare - Cure-Naturali.it
My blog is dedicated to seridipitous experience appearing into form as coincidence and the compounding effect it has on certitude, albeit, passing certitude. You might call this the blue printing effect to the future now. -A sure moment of focus from the past.
I was in the Meijer and unexpectedly encountered my big sister. The store is in the city where she lives. I was surprised and greated her warmly - from several isles away.
Her reply was curt, something about too busy shopping to stop and talk. I said "see you later" and went on my way.
It was unusual for my loving sister not to chat me up whenever I saw her out and about. The strangeness factor was present. That day was the last time I saw her alive.
Looking back, I think she had been hiding her medical demise for at least a year from me and all she knew . She loved everyone selflessly, and lived the Law of One without every knowing of the RA Material.
Within three weeks, as I recall, she transcended and her physical body was at the university as a donation.
As with many sporting clubs it is volunteers who are the life blood of the club and allow us to maintain and develop a service that encourages and supports more people into our sport. We are extremely grateful to the volunteers who undertake these roles within the club and allow us all to enjoy our sport even more.